===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-08 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, my name is Nadia and I'll be the conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Paramount Global's Q1 2025 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines have been muted to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Jamie Morris, Paramount Global's EVP Investor Relations. You may now begin your conference call.
Jaime Morris: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for taking the time to join us for our first quarter 2025 earnings call. Joining me for today's discussion are Paramount's co-CEOs, Brian Robbins, Chris McCarthy, and George Cheeks, and our CFO, Naveen Chopra. Please note that in addition to our earnings release, we have trending schedules containing supplemental information available on our website. Before we start, I want to remind you that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in more detail in our filings with the SEC. Some of today's financial remarks will focus on adjusted results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release or in our trending schedules, which contain supplemental information and, in each case, can be found in the investor relations section of our website. Now, I will turn the call over to Chris.
Chris McCarthy: Thanks Jamie and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our Q1 2025 earnings call. I'm Chris McCarthy and I'm joined here by my fellow co-CEOs George Cheeks and Brian Robbins. I'll start by saying we are very pleased with our performance in the quarter. Our focused execution with high performing content drove strong results across the company. Total company revenue grew 2% year-over-year excluding the Super Bowl. D2C OIBIDA improved nearly $180 million year-over-year and we generated $123 million of free cash flow. We're off to a good start for 2025 and important to note we have not seen a meaningful impact due to the dynamic macro environment. That said, looking forward given the uncertainty, we are prioritizing key investments while taking incremental steps to streamline non content expenses. Now let's get into some of the highlights of Q1. Starting with D2C where we continue to focus on driving profitable growth. Paramount+ ended the quarter with 79 million global subscribers, up 11% year-over-year, including 1.5 million new subscribers in the quarter. Global watch time per user increased up 17% year-over-year and churn improved 130 basis points year-over-year. Taken together, Paramount+ revenue increased 16% year-over-year. Now this success was driven by our differentiated content strategy, a fewer, bigger breakthrough original series where we continue to see great momentum. In the U.S. Paramount+ again had the second most top 10 SVOD originals for the quarter. That includes Landmine in 1923, which were our number one and two starts and engagement driver respectively. Looking across both Q4 and Q1 combined, Paramount+ had 25% of the top 10 SVOD originals, second only to the market leader and two and a half times greater than the next closest competitor. On the premium tier in the U.S. Dexter: Original Sin was the most streamed Showtime series ever and that was followed by Yellowjackets, which was the second most streamed Showtime series ever. Now turning to international all of these series are delivering strong results. Combined with South Park and Yellowstone where we have these series exclusively. South Park continues to be a top starts driver and a top engagement driver and starting this July the series will be coming to Paramount+ in the U.S. Now turning to Yellowstone, the series remains the number one-star driver and the number one engagement driver for us internationally and the momentum will continue as we expand the franchise with three new series. Starting with the Dutton Ranch which will premiere globally in Q4. That's followed by the franchise's first procedural, The Marshals, premiering on CBS and next day on Paramount+ globally starting in Q1 of 2026. And later next year the anthology series will continue with the next chapter 1944. Looking ahead, we have a great slate of returning hits and big new originals. Our new series MobLand premiered at the end of Q1, becoming Paramount+'s biggest global series launch ever. And today Criminal Minds: Evolution returned. Next week Showtime series The Chi premieres on the premium tier in the U.S. Now the second half of the year will see more originals to maximize the impact of increased viewership, starting in July with South Park, followed by Dexter Resurrection, Showtime's biggest franchise returns with star Michael C. Hall and in August sees the first ever NCIS streaming extension with Tony & Ziva. Followed by Taylor Sheridan's powerful slate of originals starting with Tulsa King in September, then Mayor of Kingstown in October. Last year's smash hit Landmine returns in November, plus the all-new Yellowstone franchise extensions the Dutton Ranch. Now turning to Pluto TV, the service delivered its highest consumption ever with global viewing time up 26% year-over-year. Now monetization has been softer than expected due to the influx of supply. We anticipate supply demand dynamics will stabilize over time and the continued increases in engagement on Paramount+ and Pluto will lead to improved monetization over time. Turning to D2C profitability, we've made great progress driven by subscriber growth, ARPU expansion and churn reduction combined with a disciplined approach to managing investment. And as a result, we continue to expect Paramount+ domestic profitability for 2025 and now I'll turn it over to George.
George Cheeks: Thanks Chris. For TV Media, we continue to leverage our content investments in sports, news and entertainment across linear and streaming, with a focus on increasing cost efficiencies. On the revenue side, since early last year we've renewed key affiliate deals that secure revenue and support streaming growth. This approach has contributed to the combination of affiliate and D2C subscription revenue, returning to growth on a total company basis in Q1. In advertising, we're leveraging our content portfolio with live sports being more valuable than ever. In Q1 TV media advertising, excluding the super bowl was flat year-over-year. Powered by the NFL playoffs and March Madness. We recently kicked off our upfront dinners. We're once again highlighting the strength of our mass appeal programming paired with Paramount's unique set of broadcast, cable, theatrical and streaming platforms across free and pay. Clients consistently remind us that in challenging markets there are few partners that provide the reach, brand safety and impact of the Paramount portfolio. CBS continues to deliver audiences at scale across sports and entertainment. The NCAA championship game averaged 18 million viewers, capping the most watched Final Four weekends since 2017. The Masters Sunday broadcast scored nearly 13 million viewers, the largest final round of golf on any network in seven years. And CBS will win a record setting 17 consecutive season as the most watched broadcast network with eight of the top 10 shows. CBS network audience grew 3% in the quarter compared to last year with the super bowl and was up 12% without the sports comp. At the same time, streaming of CBS primetime shows on paramount increased by 35%, another example of multi-platform strength. According to Nielsen competitive data for all broadcast and streaming shows since October, CBS has six of the top 20 slots, second only to Netflix, with Tracker and Matlock ranking number four and number five respectively. This pipeline is poised to continue. Yesterday we announced CBS's primetime schedule for the '25 '26 season. The new shows will include franchise expansions for FBI, Fire Country and Blue Bloods. And as Chris pointed out, CBS will premiere the first broadcast procedural drama from the Yellowstone universe. And as always, we remain laser focused on efficiency with all our content investments, monetizing current and library programming across our platforms and through licensing. Brian?
Brian Robbins: Thanks George. In films entertainment, we are continuing our focus on delivering a slate with widespread audience appeal and one that balances investment across titles and drives downstream revenue. The performance of the segment in Q1 was strong thanks to the major theatrical success of Sonic the Hedgehog 3, delivering box office sales of nearly $500 million. A franchise best which continued to excel in both home entertainment and streaming. Sonic 3 was a top acquisition driver on Paramount+ following its mid-February release and ranks as a top five movie on the service. Not only did our growing fan base come to the service for Sonic 3, but we also saw a nice lift for Sonic 2 and the Knuckles series on Paramount+. Another huge win for us was the streaming performance of Gladiator 2, which became the number one movie in Paramount+ history. And speaking of powerhouse franchises, Mission: Impossible - The Final Reckoning promises to be a global event with its premiere on May 23. Mission continues to be instrumental in lifting the value of Paramount IP, permeating almost every line of business across the organization since the film franchise's inception nearly 30 years ago. Holistically, we've built our slate this year to balance the scope and scale of a film like Mission Impossible with other titles that span genres and budget levels, which better positions the studio for profitability. This includes Edgar Wright's The Running Man, a reboot of the comedy The Naked Gun starring Liam Neeson, and our family animation titles Smurfs and The SpongeBob Movie: Search for Squarepants. With the goal of driving profitability we successfully reduced average production costs on Paramount pictures films by 35% over the last 24 months. All of this momentum across every aspect of our business is underpinned by our world class entertainment offerings across all of our verticals. We have much to be excited about as we continue to advance the business. Every day our teams remain focused on execution, delivering hit series, blockbuster films and live sports to audiences around the world, and we're seeing that pay off. We also remain on track to close our pending transaction with Skydance in the first half of this year. Now let me turn it over to Naveen to provide more details on the financials. Naveen?
Naveen Chopra: Thank you, Brian. Good afternoon, everyone. In Q1, Paramount generated total company revenue of $7.2 billion and adjusted OIBDA of $688 million. Adjusted OIBDA reflects year-over-year improvements in D2C and filmed entertainment, while results at TV media were heavily impacted by the comparison to last year's Super Bowl. Free cash flow was $123 million, including $108 million in payments for restructuring and other initiatives. Now let's turn to our operating segment results starting with Direct to Consumer. In Q1, D2C continued to deliver healthy top line growth, up 9% year-over-year to $2 billion. Subscription revenue grew 16%, driven by Paramount+ but was somewhat offset by a 9% decline in D2C advertising revenue, which includes an 800-basis point headwind from the comparison to last year's Super Bowl. Excluding this comparison, DTC advertising was down 1%, largely due to increased supply in digital video. This disproportionately affected Pluto TV, which has the greatest exposure to the indirect marketplace. Despite the advertising headwinds, D2C OIBDA improved by $177 million to a loss of $109 million through a combination of healthy subscription revenue growth and continued expense management. Turning to TV media, Q1 revenue and OIBDA trends reflect the comparison to CBS's broadcast of the super bowl last year. TV media advertising revenue, excluding the super bowl was flat year-over-year and we saw improvement compared to the underlying trends in Q4. Linear advertising in the quarter benefited from continued strength in sports, including strong demand for the NFL playoffs and the NCAA men's basketball tournament. Affiliate revenue declined 8.6% in the quarter, principally as a result of subscriber declines as well as the impact of recent renewals. TV Media OIBDA was $922 million in the quarter. Expenses declined 4% year-over-year, primarily driven by the comparison to the Super Bowl. We remain highly focused on delivering incremental cost efficiencies and maximizing earnings in our TV media business. In film entertainment, we generated revenue of $627 million, up 4% year-over-year and OIBDA of $20 million, which compares to a loss of $3 million in the year ago quarter. Our Q1 results primarily benefited from the success of Sonic the Hedgehog 3, which was released late in Q4. Now let me provide some color on Q2, starting with linear advertising where sports demand continues to be robust. Although consistent with prior years, Q2 results will reflect a lower volume of sports versus Q1. In digital advertising we expect trends in Q2 to look similar to the underlying trends in Q1. At Paramount+, we continue to expect healthy revenue growth driven by an acceleration in ARPU consistent with our plan to achieve domestic P+ profitability this year. Additionally, the combination of our traditional and streaming businesses will again yield net growth in total company, affiliate and subscription revenue, a key indicator of our ongoing transition to streaming. Q2 subscribers will decline given the combination of content seasonality and the termination of an international hard bundle partnership. In film, we expect strong revenue contribution from the release of Mission: Impossible - The Final Reckoning. However, given the timing of marketing spend for the film, we anticipate that the segment will generate an OIBDA loss for the quarter. In terms of free cash flow, we expect Q2 to look similar to last year, including cash restructuring payments of approximately $100 million. Looking further ahead, our priorities for the full year have not changed. We continue to expect to deliver Paramount+ domestic profitability for 2025. We're also working toward the full year OIBDA and free cash flow outlook we provided on our Q4 call. Though growing macroeconomic uncertainty, particularly in advertising, has the potential to impact our results later in the year. In the meantime, we continue to proactively manage spend while prioritizing investment in key growth initiatives. Coming into 2025, we have continued driving D2C growth and significant improvements to profitability, leveraging the powerful reach of broadcast while capturing cost efficiencies and maximizing the value of our deep library and iconic IP. Although we are operating in a dynamic macro environment, the progress we've made on our strategic priorities combined with focused execution and some of the industry's most compelling and enduring content, positions Paramount Global for the long-term. With that operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question goes to Steven Cahall of Wells Fargo. Steven, please go ahead.
Steven Cahall: Thank you. Just first on advertising, interesting comment you made on Pluto and digital advertising and some of the pressure there. I think, Chris, you said that you expect that that pricing pressure might abate over time? So I'm just wondering if you're seeing that yet. Is it firming up? There's a lot of new digital inventory coming to market from a variety of platforms, so just wanted to see if that's a trend you have line of sight on yet? And then separately maybe for George. So the FCC's been pretty vocal about some things it wants to do with affiliates and talking about reverse comp. I want to ask you to comment specifically on what the FCC may plan to do. But as you look at the reverse compensation contribution to your affiliate revenue, I think it's a little more than a billion dollars. Is that something you think could have some pressure over time or, or do you think this is just a lot of noise and you'll be able to work around this and hold that line relatively flat? Thank you.
Chris McCarthy: Hey Steve, thanks for your question. This is Chris. I'll take the first part of that and then pass over to George to take the second piece of that. Listen, we're definitely pleased with our performance for the quarter. From the total ad sales perspective, broadcast really was significant. CBS Sports and the stable hits really helped us to make up some for some softness in the digital space. Now as you know, last year there were some new entrants that came into the digital supply space which is impacting the volume of supply. Now we do definitely expect that that is going to balance out as supply demand dynamics will balance out. We've yet to see that at this moment, but we're confident that that's going to happen. Now more importantly though, Steve, we are very pleased with the engagement that we continue to drive at both Paramount+ and Pluto. At the end of the day this is a hits driven business and our hit volume and hit content continues to drive more and more engagement and over time we are definitely confident that that will turn into increased monetization.
George Cheeks: Great. Hi, it's George. So, look Steve, the relationship between CBS and our affiliate partners is really a mutually beneficial one. We provide valuable content and our affiliates provide scale distribution. We're investing heavily in must have live sports and the most watched primetime entertainment schedule. Now if this dynamic were to change, it would be difficult for us to continue to foot that bill and in that case the affiliates and local viewers, they would be harmed. So we have a strong record of securing partnerships with all our station groups including renewing 60 CBS affiliates over the past year alone. So I think that will continue.
Jaime Morris: Thanks Steve. Operator, Next question.
Operator: The next question goes to Robert Fishman of MoffettNathanson. Robert, please go ahead.
Robert Fishman: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Can you help us think about the right balance in licensing your library and some of these new original content to third party streamers versus keeping the content exclusively for Paramount+. Just curious if an arms dealer licensing strategy is still able to command the strong economics that it once did? And then maybe if I can shift over to sports given the success of sports driving the strong viewership that you talked about on CBS. Just interested in your current thoughts on bidding for more sports rights like ESPN's MLB package or the UFC package that's in the marketplace now. How do you differentiate between must have and nice to have? Thank you.
Brian Robbins: Hey Robert, this is Brian. I'll take the licensing piece. You know, content licensing is a growth business for us. In particular our secondary licensing business. Our content is valuable and it drives demand for us. That said, we believe in using our most valuable IP to grow our owned and operated assets. That doesn't mean we're not going to continue to license that product as well, maybe on a co exclusive basis or after it premieres on one of our owned and operated stations. But we believe that's the best path for our content.
Chris McCarthy: Great. Thanks. Robert, on the sports side, look, I believe we have a very robust sports portfolio. We've got core franchises, we feel very good about it, but we're always going to be open, opportunistic. We'll continue to take a disciplined approach and our goal will always be to ensure that we have the optimal sports portfolio. We're always looking for sports rights that really matter and that really drive audience and scale.
Jaime Morris: Thanks, Robert. Operator. Next question.
Operator: The next question goes to Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley. Ben, please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks. I guess this is probably for Naveen, but obviously interested in what everyone's take on it is. Naveen, you mentioned you expect another quarter of net subscription revenue growth in Q2, so streaming growing fast enough to offset the linear declines. As you take a longer-term view, can you talk a little bit about the expectations you have for linear declines and streaming growth, the drivers behind those things? I'd be curious if you think what we're seeing in linear this year is unusual based on some of the renewals you had last year or if this is sort of normal trend? And how you think about the drivers of D2C subscription revenue growth, you know, kind of longer term from the scale that you've achieved today with Paramount+? Thank you.
Naveen Chopra: Yes. Hey Ben, thanks for the question. So, you know, look on the linear side of the business, the two major drivers there are the rate of, call it pay tv, subscriber decline in the ecosystem more broadly and then the nature of the deals that we negotiate. Certainly, the primary factor that is driving the revenue trend is the, excuse me, the subscriber decline. And I think that will likely continue to be the case. There has been some impact from deal renewals in the last couple quarters. But if I look at the trends, for instance in Q1, you know, I don't expect major changes over the next few quarters there. So you know the net of what you're seeing in terms of sub declines and deal renewals, I think in Q1 is indicative of what we'll see over the next few quarters. On the streaming side, the growth drivers there are very clear. It is continued subscriber growth. It is improvements in churn and ARPU which ultimately drive revenue growth. And given that it's largely a fixed cost business, the more we can scale that revenue, we see significant improvements in profitability similar to what you've seen over the course of both 2024 and continuing to move forward in 2025.
Jaime Morris: Thanks, Ben. Operator. Next question.
Operator: The next question goes to Richard Greenfield of LightShed. Richard, please go ahead.
Richard Greenfield: Thanks for taking the question. You know, Chris, I was watching your interview or read your interview the other day about Taylor Sheridan. And you know, I think the amount of times that you mentioned Taylor Sheridan between you and George earlier, it's obvious how important Taylor Sheridan is to Paramount's current and future. I'm curious why you haven't sought to acquire 101 Studios to be fully vertically integrated with Taylor. 101 has been reportedly been for sale on and off for several years. I mean, I guess another way of asking the same question is like why is the current state of your relationship with Taylor Sheridan the optimal model for maximizing value for Paramount?
Chris McCarthy: Hey Rich, thanks for your question and thanks for reading the article. Listen, we absolutely value both of those parties. Let me first start though by saying that they're two separate entities, you know, Taylor and 101. Now Taylor is a very gifted and unique creative and Paramount has an exclusive with him through 2028 and we own all the IP that comes out of that. You know, we have a great relationship with him, deep partnership that we built over time and it's working. You know, the results really speak for themselves and we're confident that that partnership and hits will continue. Now as it relates to 101, you know, they're absolutely a preferred partner. We love working with them and David and what he and his team have built and so much so that we've invested in them. But we do like that. We like the relationship we have. We think the incentives are based on where they should be. And so we maintain, we plan to keep that current process and the current relationship as it is. Now related to Taylor. He really helped us to learn some new models. He's a unique creative and we built a model that was uniquely around him as a farmer to forcing him through our structure. Now we since used that as a playbook to bring in new creatives. And you know, Jez Butterworth is one of the most recent ones where we've seen great success with him with the agency and most recently with MobLand. And you know, MobLand as we talked about, was the biggest global premier that we've had on Paramount+ to date. So, listen, we love the relationship with Taylor. We're welcoming in new creatives and we definitely will continue to use one on one as a pro preferred partner. But we like the relationships we have today.
Jaime Morris: Thanks, Rich Operator. Next question.
Operator: The next question goes to Rick Preis of Raymond James. Rich, please go ahead.
Unknown Analyst: Thanks. Good afternoon. Obviously, a lot of industry attention on streaming, potential for bundling joint ventures, maybe M&A domestic, international maybe if you can just walk through the different types of combinations and the pros and cons of how you think about your desire or interest in participating in some of those versus a do nothing?
Chris McCarthy: Hey Rick, how you doing? It's Chris again. Happy to take that question. Listen, we're very happy with the success that we've had to date. We only launched just a few years ago and we're already up to nearly 80 million global subs right now. Revenue this quarter up 16%. So real momentum. We're seeing great engagement growth, really good, solid improvement in churn. And listen, all of that is driven by our hits and we have a powerful combination between the CBS primetime slate sports and our originals on streaming, where we really are in a class of our own. So we feel great about the momentum. We're just on the cusp of Paramount+ domestic profitability, so we feel really good. Now listen, that said, we're always going to take an opportunistic look at different opportunities, whether that's bundling, whether that's doing something maybe more deeper with a partner. Certainly nothing to announce today, but I can say that we are big fans of bundles. In fact, we were some of the early movers. But it's important that when we look at bundles we do that at a very incremental audience point of view. So particularly when they're harder to secure. So you take something like what we did with Walmart, which has been and continues to be a great partnership for us, or whether we bundle with hard bundle internationally with some great partners to get some distribution. You know, we'll continue to look at all types of bundles, but really going to take an opportunistic look at that at really what's going to drive the most value and what's going to accelerate our plans.
Jaime Morris: Thanks, Rick. Operator, we'll do one last question.
Operator: Thank you. The final question goes to Kutgun Maral of Evercore ISI. Kutgun, please go ahead.
Kutgun Maral: The TV media were well ahead of expectations and above the core trends you saw last quarter. Maybe you could talk about what drove the upside there in the quarter and maybe look into Q2 I appreciate that sports ad inventory is sequentially lighter but separate to that, can you help us think about any current linear trends? Especially as you head into the upfronts? Naveen, I just wanted to make sure in terms of the guidance for the full year on OIBDA and free cash flow, I just want to make sure that I didn't miss it that you're effectively reiterating the prior guidance? Thank you.
Chris McCarthy: Hey Kutgun, I'll take the first half of that question and then pass it over to Naveen for the second half. Listen, we're absolutely pleased with the performance that we had this quarter as it relates to revenue and certainly the strength of CBS and the broadcast slate 17 straight quarter in a row where they're number one and sports was really a big driver. Now that helped us to make up for some softness in the digital landscape. And as Naveen talked about, we still have good solid sports in Q2, although a little lighter. So we continue to expect those trends to look very similar and in terms of how things are looking in the upfront. Listen, we feel really good about the conversations and discussions that we've been having. I will note that scatter in this quarter is up double digits, which has always been a really interesting early indicator for us for the upfronts. So we're feeling really good. Now listen, macro is certainly on people's mind, but everyone is giving us great feedback. We continue to hear good things, particularly around the unique set of assets and the volume of hits and the really strong sports portfolio. So, we feel pretty good. Naveen?
Naveen Chopra: Yes, thanks Chris. So, with respect to our comments on full year guidance, I think it's important to remember a few things. Number one, the fundamental drivers of earnings improvement that was built into our 2025 plan remain in place. That includes significant improvements in B2C profitability that take advantage of the improvements in churn in ARPU and sub revenue growth that we highlighted. It includes the ongoing non content expense reductions that we're making across the company and it includes finding ways to get more leverage from those content investments across all the dimensions of our business. Linear, Spirit, streaming, licensing, theatrical and you heard a number of examples of that from the CEOs today. All that said, the macro environment is uniquely dynamic right now, and that does create some uncertainty which has the potential to impact revenue, primarily in advertising. At the same time, we are pushing the pedal harder on expense reductions, but I think it's premature to try to quantify the impact of that on earnings and cash flow until we have more clarity on how all the macro stuff will unfold.
Chris McCarthy: So, with that, I just want to thank everyone on behalf of the co-CEOs for joining us today. We are proud of the progress we're making to drive value as we deliver high performing content and continue to advance the business. We also want to thank our teams and our partners for their continued contributions. Have a great evening everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This now concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-26 17:07:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Nadia, and I'll be the conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Paramount Global's Q4 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines have been muted to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there'll be a question-and-answer session. If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press star followed by the number one on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw a question, please press star followed by two. In order to get as many of the questions as possible, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question. At this time, I would now like to turn the call over to Jamie Morris, Paramount Global's EVP Investor Relations. You may now begin your conference call.
Jaime Morris: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for taking the time to join us for our fourth quarter 2024 earnings call. Joining me for today's discussion are Paramount's co-CEOs, Brian Robbins, Chris McCarthy, and George Cheeks, and our CFO, Naveen Chopra. Please note that in addition to our earnings release, we have trending schedules containing supplemental information available on our website. Before we start, I want to remind you that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in more detail in our filings with the SEC. Some of today's financial remarks will focus on adjusted results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release or in our trending schedules, which contain supplemental information and in each case can be found in the investor relations section of our website. Now, I will turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Robbins: Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining us for our fourth quarter and full year 2024 earnings call. I'm Brian Robbins, and I'm joined here by my fellow co-CEOs, George Cheeks and Chris McCarthy. First, we want to say that our thoughts are with all those who have been impacted by the tragic LA fires. We will continue to support our teams and partners impacted for what we hope will be a rapid recovery process. Now turning to our financials, we are proud of the results we achieved for the full year, which reflect the progress we have made since becoming co-CEOs. 2024 demonstrated meaningful progress against our long-term goals, including significant improvement in D2C profitability, driven by continued top line growth, powered by one of the strongest content slates in the industry, all while strengthening our balance sheet. Now, let me turn it over to Chris to provide more details on the year.
Chris McCarthy: Thanks, Brian, and good afternoon, everyone. Let's start with the headlines. 2024 was a transformative year and marks a significant turning point for Paramount. Total company adjusted OIBIDA returned to growth, up 30% year-over-year to $3.1 billion. We improved net leverage 1.3 turns, and we generated $489 million free cash flow, up significantly year-over-year and the highest in four years. These results were driven by a success of our D2C segment. At Paramount+, we saw growth in subscribers, record engagement, and an impressive growth in revenue. We added 10 million new subscribers for the year, driven by a very strong Q4 with 5.6 million new subscribers, the strongest quarter in sub-growth in two years. In Q4, engagement soared. Global watch time per user improved 20%, driving a measurable improvement in churn of over 100 basis points year-over-year. As a result, revenues increased significantly, up 33% for the year. This success was powered by a very strong content slate, with a mix of big returning hits and the launch of some new ones. Paramount+ reached a new high, ranking as the number two domestic SVOD for hours watched across all original series, up for number six this time last year. Pluto also had a record year, with global watch time up 8% year-over-year and 16% in Q4, showing strong momentum. Taken together, DTC generated significant improvement in profitability of $1.2 billion for the year, which gives us great confidence Paramount+ will achieve full-year domestic profitability for 2025. At the same time, we continue to do what we do best, produce some of the biggest, broadest blockbuster films and hit TV series across every platform. And now I'll toss to George to provide an update on distribution, Nielsen, and ad sales.
George Cheeks: Thanks, Chris. In 2024, we negotiated a number of deals with our longstanding distribution partners. In Q4, we renewed our deal with Comcast, and just last week, we renewed our distribution agreement with YouTube TV. Our track record in 2024 reinforces the value proposition of our content with mass hit series, award-winning news, and a top-tier sports portfolio. In addition, we're very pleased to have closed a multi-year deal with Nielsen. Paramount is committed to addressing TV's cross-platform future for the benefit of all stakeholders, including our brand and agency partners. This is a top priority for us. Now turning to advertising. We continue to proactively transition the business from linear to digital, as demonstrated by healthy growth in D2C ad revenue, which increased 18% in 2024. With one of the largest addressable footprints in the U.S. marketplace, Paramount delivers premium, high-engagement video for advertisers who are increasingly focused on quality and impact when choosing where to spend their ad dollars. Additionally, we're growing the demand side of the equation. Over the past couple years, we've expanded our client base to tens of thousands of small and mid-sized businesses that are now advertising with Paramount every quarter. We're also investing in data, technology, as well as identity frameworks, which expand our attribution capabilities. These product enhancements will set us up to compete more effectively over time for a larger share of social media budgets. Brian?
Brian Robbins: Thanks, George. In quarter four, Paramount Pictures had a very active release slate with Smile 2, Gladiator 2, Sonic the Hedgehog, and September 5. In total, the studio grossed nearly 900 million at the global box office in Q4, with a lot of momentum as we continue with our 2025 fleet. Across the business, film, television, and streaming, we continue to focus on franchise growth and management capitalizing on Paramount's rich library and IP. We saw our strategy of capitalizing on our franchises pay off most recently with Sonic the Hedgehog, which continues to deliver, approaching nearly 500 million at the worldwide box office. This makes Sonic 3 the highest-grossing film in the franchise, and on its way to be one of the 10 most profitable Paramount Pictures releases of the last decade. Across its three installments, the Sonic the Hedgehog series has now exceeded 1.2 billion at the global box office. As part of this franchise strategy, our spinoff series Knuckles on Paramount+ drummed up fan excitement and expanded our audience on streaming. The series debuted last spring. It's the number one Paramount+ original kids and family series ever in terms of both active subscribers and hours. This is just one example of how we're implementing our multi-platform franchise model. And we are executing our vision across theatricals, series, and streaming with franchises like Yellowstone, NCIS, their spin-offs and prequels and PAW Patrol, just to name a few. Our approach to franchise management is a long-term view, cultivating active fan bases and building audiences over time and one that continues to pay dividends. We're excited for a dynamic and robust '25 slate that includes the highly anticipated Mission Impossible: The Final Reckoning; an original live-action comedy coming from the creators of South Park and Kendrick Lamar; Edgar Wright's, The Running Man, starring Glen Powell; and for families, an animated Smurfs film with Rihanna voicing Smurfette; and an all-new SpongeBob SquarePants film to close out the year. Chris?
Chris McCarthy: Thanks, Brian. Let's start with Paramount+, where our strategy of fewer, bigger, breakthrough series with big movie stars is setting us apart in a crowded space. Starting with the series that everyone is talking about, Landman, which broke records as the most watched Paramount series ever; plus the addition of two of our biggest returning hits, Tulsa King and Lioness, both of which are up significantly versus the previous season. In Q4, Landman, Lioness and Tulsa King all scored as top 10 original series across all SVOD services in the U.S. We also launched two new Showtime series, which scored. Dexter: Original Sin was the was the most streamed global Showtime series ever, and The Agency most streamed new series ever. Taken together, Paramount+ was able to achieve a new high, ranking as the #2 domestic SVOD for hours watched across all original series in Q4. Now that's an amazing achievement considering the volume of originals we produce versus our peers, demonstrating our proven ability to deliver big, broad, hit content that is also highly efficient. Now all of these shows are performing exceptionally well at Paramount+ internationally, along with Yellowstone and South Park, which we have exclusively for SVOD. Yellowstone is having another record year, ranking as the number 1 start driver and the number 1 engagement driver. And South Park continues to rank as a top 5 star driver and the number 2 engagement driver. Now moving to 2025. We've already kicked off another exciting slate. On Valentine's Day, we launched one of the of the most eagerly anticipated shows year with Season 3 of Yellow Jackets, which is up over 50% versus the previous season. And this past Sunday, Season 2 of Yellowstone 1923 scored globally on launch day as the most watched original premier in Paramount+'s history. And that's just the beginning. Coming up later this quarter are the premier of two new series: MobLand from Guy Ritchie, starring Tom Hardy, Helen Mirren and Pierce Brosnan as the Head of organized crime family fighting for power within a global crime syndicate. This is followed by new series from executive producers Robert and Michelle King titled Happy Face, a thrilling true crime series. These are just a few of the many original series that we have to make up 2025 our strongest slate to date for Paramount+ as our momentum continues. And now I'll hand it off to George to talk about CBS.
George Cheeks: So at CBS, our multi-platform strategy led to another outstanding quarter. Tracker and Matlock are the two most watched entertainment series on TV with more than 18 million and 16 million viewers per episode, respectively, across CBS and Paramount+. In fact, the network had seven of the top 10 series in primetime. Now turning to sports. The NFL on CBS delivered another season of massive broadcast audiences with year-over-year streaming growth on Paramount+ at nearly 60%. Our late Sunday afternoon national game was #1 for the second consecutive year, averaging over 24 million viewers. And we capped the season with a record-setting AFC Championship game watched by close to 58 million viewers. In addition, our CBS Sports UEFA coverage, which is mostly exclusive to Paramount+, is having its most watched season ever, up 47% from last year. All of this speaks to the enduring relevance of Broadcast TV, and its ability to reach mass audiences while also driving growth for our streaming platforms. The volume of broad hits across Paramount Global reinforces why we have much to be excited about during this period of evolution and transformation for our business, including our pending Skydance transaction, which we expect to close in the first half of this year. Bigger picture, we're laser-focused on creating value for our audiences, our partners and our investors now and well into the future. Over to you, Naveen.
Naveen Chopra: Thank you, George, and good afternoon, everyone. In 2024, we delivered significant earnings growth and strengthened our balance sheet while continuing to position Paramount for the future. Full year adjusted OIBDA grew 30% to $3.1 billion, reflecting significant improvement in our direct-to-consumer business. Additionally, we generated $489 million of free cash flow and reduced net leverage to 3.8x. You will find a comprehensive review of the quarter's financials in our press release. On today's call, I'll provide color on our fourth quarter results and then discuss our outlook for 2025. So let's dig into Q4, starting with direct-to-consumer. Our D2C business delivered another quarter of healthy top line growth and improved operating leverage. Paramount+ added 5.6 million subscribers in the quarter, reaching a total of 77.5 million. Subscriber growth benefited from a particularly high volume of acquisition-oriented content, including a robust slate of originals, theatricals, the NFL and college football. Engagement was also very strong. In fact, watch time per user grew more than 20%, contributing to over 100 basis points of reduction in churn relative to the year ago period. Paramount+ ARPU grew 1% year-over-year in Q4, reflecting several factors, including the lapping of the 2023 price increase and a continued shift in the mix of our subscriber base toward Essential tier. It's also worth noting that when we implemented our most recent price increase in August of 2024, existing Essential tier subscribers were grandfathered. As a result, it will take longer for this most recent price change to flow through to overall Paramount+ ARPU. The combination of subscriber growth, churn reduction and ARPU improvement helped deliver 14% growth in Paramount+ subscription revenue. The Paramount+ growth was a key ingredient in the D2C segment, where revenue grew 8% to $2 billion. This includes 9% growth in direct-to-consumer advertising driven by our EyeQ digital platform. D2C advertising also benefited from higher political spend. Subscription revenue growth for the segment was 7%. The growth rate for D2C subscription revenue was impacted by the cannibalization of Showtime OTT revenue following the integration of Showtime into Paramount+. While this integration has temporarily diluted revenue growth, it has been a key enabler of the significant improvement in D2C profitability we've delivered over the past several quarters. Speaking of which, in Q4, D2C OIBDA improved by more than $200 million year-over-year. However, as we previewed over the last couple of quarters, segment swung to a loss of $286 million due to the seasonality of our content slate. But looking at the full year, D2C profitability improved nearly $1.2 billion to a loss of $497 million. Now turning to TV Media. Revenue declined 4% in the quarter to $5 billion as linear ecosystem trends continue to weigh on TV Media affiliate and advertising revenue. Affiliate revenue declined 6.7% in the quarter, and advertising revenue declined 4%. Advertising trends saw a 350 basis point headwind from fewer NFL and college football games versus the year ago period. Results were also impacted by softer college football ratings and international advertising, including FX headwinds. TV Media licensing revenue grew 3% in the quarter primarily driven by secondary licensing growth, partially offset by fewer made-for-third-party productions. Secondary licensing, the largest component of TV Media licensing, benefited from a normalized content slate for the first time since the strike, resulting in strong double-digit growth in the domestic market. International licensing revenue, which consists largely of distribution current season CBS programming grew at a slower rate as deals are occurring later in the broadcast season relative to historical buying patterns. TV Media OIBDA was $949 million in the quarter. Expenses were flat year-over-year as cost-reduction initiatives were offset by higher content costs from a new fall slate and variable compensation costs, which I'll touch on in a moment. We remain highly focused on proactively managing expenses to maximize earnings in our TV Media business. In Filmed Entertainment, we generated revenue of $1.1 billion in Q4. Filmed Entertainment OIBDA was a loss of $42 million, a decrease of $66 million versus the comparable period, which includes marketing costs associated with the theatrical release of five films compared to one film in year ago period as well as the timing of Sonic 3, which was released late in the quarter. On a consolidated basis, we generated $406 million of adjusted OIBDA in Q4. Adjusted OIBDA was impacted a company-wide variable compensation and actions taken to mitigate 280G exposure. Together, these resulted in expenses that were about $90 million higher than expected. The biggest portion of the compensation increase was incurred at TV Media given the relative size of its head count. However, the impact was seen across all components of the business. Free cash flow was $56 million in Q4 and for the full year, free cash flow was $489 million, including $347 million in payments for restructuring and other initiatives. Now on to 2025. As we work to close the Skydance transaction, we're focused on continuing to leverage Paramount's content assets to transform our business for the streaming era. That means continuing to invest in sports, powerhouse film and TV franchises and streaming originals to support D2C growth. It means continuing the transition of our advertising business from linear to digital, and it means delivering domestic profitability for Paramount+ while identifying additional cost-reduction opportunities across the company. And by executing on these priorities, we expect Paramount to deliver another year of free cash flow growth. In addition, we expect strong OIBDA growth when adjusting for the contribution of the Super Bowl and political advertising in 2024. Looking more closely at Q1. We expect continued subscriber growth at Paramount+, though not at the same level as Q4 given the timing of content releases. Paramount+ ARPU growth should accelerate as we fully lap the 2023 price increase, and we'll see a full quarter impact from Q4 sub additions, which, by the way, skewed heavily toward direct subscribers, which generate attractive ARPU. In TV Media, we expect the rate of decline in affiliate revenue to increase in Q1 due to the impact of recent renewals and an evolving pay-TV ecosystem. However, as our D2C business continues to scale, we expect the combination of our traditional and streaming business to yield net growth in total company affiliate and subscription revenue. In advertising, we expect similar underlying trends in linear and digital Q1 relative to Q4. However, reported advertising growth in TV Media and D2C will be impacted by the comparison to the 2024 Super Bowl. Putting it all together, while full year OIBDA will grow on an underlying basis, Q1 adjusted OIBDA will decline year-over-year, reflecting the underlying business trends I discussed as well as the comparison against the Super Bowl, which significantly benefited Q1 of 2024. The combination of Super Bowl timing and additional cost reductions planned for the second half means OIBDA growth will be weighted toward the back half of the year. In terms of free cash flow, Q1 will include cash restructuring payments of approximately $150 million. And when combined with the headwind from lapping last year's Super Bowl will lead to free cash flow being lower year-over-year. However, as I mentioned earlier, for the full year, we expect free cash flow to increase in 2025, even when including the impact of the Super Bowl and political advertising in '24. Stepping back, it's clear that our financial progress in 2024 has positioned us well for the future. We generated significant OIBDA growth, a substantial improvement in D2C profitability, increased full year free cash flow and reduced net leverage, all while continuing to invest in and produce hit content. We look forward to continuing this momentum in 2025. With that, operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question goes to Robert Fishman of MoffettNathanson. Robert, please go ahead.
Robert Fishman: Good afternoon, everyone. On Paramount+, you guys talked a lot about the success with the originals. It would be great to hear your updated thoughts on whether the full slate of the programming is enough to drive the necessary scale as a stand-alone service in order to compete with the larger SVOD platforms. And any progress maybe on exploring the Paramount+ partnerships in the U.S. and internationally? And then Naveen, if I can just add one. How do you think about Paramount+ -- or sorry, Paramount company's plans for content spending across all the different segments this year? Thank you.
Chris McCarthy: Robert, this is Chris. I'll take the first part of your question, and then I'm going to pass to Naveen for the content spend. So listen, as it stands for Paramount+, we are very proud of the success that we've had to date. Our content is working. We saw a great number of subscribers sign up to the service both in Q4 and for the year. And in Q4, we saw record engagement, where we're up 20%, which led to really strong improvement in churn. Now we talk about the content slate itself. Q4 saw a new high for us as we ranked as the number 2 SVOD when looking at our spend across all original series, which really is a remarkable achievement considering the volume of content we create versus our competitors. Now all of those things helped to drive really strong revenue growth, up 33%. And together, that's improved profitability for our DTC segment by $1.2 billion. Now all that gives us great confidence that we are well on our way to hit profitability in 2025, which I will also note is a record time for U.S. SVOD. Now we like where we stand. We really made some strong progress, and feel good about where we're going into 2025 with real momentum behind us. Now that said, we're going to always look at opportunities to drive more value. And as opportunities come together, we'll evaluate those, but no news to share today.
Naveen Chopra: Robert, just following up on your question related to content spend, I think the simplest way think about content spend in 2025 is that we expect to be relatively flat on a total company basis to 2024. Now that's progress, if you will, because I think as you're well aware, it's been a little noisy over the last few years between the impact of ramping up content spend to support Paramount+ and then ramping out of the strike, etcetera. So this is really the first year in a little while where we've now got to what we think is a more normalized level of content spend. Now even though the total company content spend will be relatively flat, you should continue to assume that there's ongoing remixing in favor of streaming, meaning more content is either being used exclusively for streaming or dual purpose between both our linear platforms and our streaming platforms. But as -- on a whole, relatively flat.
Jaime Morris: Operator, next question, please.
Operator: The next question goes to Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley. Ben go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you. Just a couple of clarifications. Chris, I think you just said profitability for D2C in '25. I think the last guidance from you guys, I might be stale on this, was domestic profitability at Paramount+ in '25. Just want to make sure we get that correct. And then Naveen, on free cash flow, great to hear that you expect growth in '25. I think you gave the cash restructuring number for the first quarter, but any help in thinking about kind of restructuring costs for the year and anything else you'd want to flag that might be important on free cash flow growing off that $500 million number?
Chris McCarthy: Hi, Ben, thanks for the question and thanks for the clarification. I actually misspoke. It is a probability for Paramount+ domestic. Naveen?
Naveen Chopra: Yes. Thanks. So Ben, let me add some color around our expectations on free cash flow for 2025 because you're right that the restructuring component does actually have a fairly material impact. So you heard me say that we expect free cash flow to be higher on a year-over-year basis despite, by the way, the significant contribution from the Super Bowl and political which benefited 2024. And that's driven in large part by my earlier comments about the trend on cash content spend, where the stability that we're seeing there reduces dollars that were tied up in working capital over the last few years, which ultimately benefits free cash flow. So we actually expect to see some pretty significant improvement in free cash flow conversion as we continue to progress. That number has been diluted by cash restructuring payments. And in fact, if I look at 2025, I think there's probably something on the order of about 10 percentage points of conversion that is impacted by restructuring, meaning cash conversion will be about 10 percentage points higher absent the restructuring expense, which is obviously something that goes away in the future.
Jaime Morris: Thanks, Ben. Operator, next question.
Operator: The next question goes to Michael Morris of Guggenheim. Michael, please go ahead.
Michael Morris: Thank you. Good afternoon. I wanted to ask you about DTC. The viewing growth metrics that you shared that are in excess of 20% are clearly well ahead of revenue growth. And so my question is, do you see that as a leading indicator of potential acceleration on the top line in the future and sort of what's gap between the viewership strength and revenue? So how do you close that? So that's my first question. And then just maybe a clarification. We talked about the EBITDA outlook for '25 excluding impact of the Super Bowl and political. Could you size for us how much benefit you saw from Super Bowl and political in '24?
Naveen Chopra: Yes. Hi, Mike, it's Naveen. I'll try to take both of those. So as it relates to D2C, I'll just say, viewership versus monetization. Yes, so we do see viewership as a leading indicator of where we think we can go in D2C monetization, both with respect to ad sales, but also with respect to subscription revenue. Because there's no rocket science behind the fact that the more engagement that you have, the more ability you have to reduce churn and continue to grow price over time. And we do think this is a very important part of our overall economic plan is that growth in the D2C business is going to include a combination of both subscriber growth and continued ARPU growth. So we're very focused on making sure that we're continuing to drive the engagement because ultimately, that drives the ARPU growth both in terms of advertising and subscription. Not necessarily -- it won't happen necessarily at the exact same time because we want to build the engagement as we then start to drive price. Moving to your second question about OIBDA and the benefit in -- from the Super Bowl and political in '24. Let me give you maybe a little more color on what we're expecting in terms of OIBDA in '25. As you pointed out, the Super Bowl was a very meaningful contributor in 2024, and that's one of the reasons why there's a headwind in Q1. By the way, the impact from the Super Bowl was seen in both TV Media segment and the D2C segment. But that's not the only factor in Q1. We also have to take into account some of the headwinds that I mentioned related to affiliate revenue. We've signed a number of deals since the end of Q1 in 2024 with some of our largest distributors. And so Q1 is really the quarter in which you're going to see the cumulative impact of those renewals. So that's an important factor in looking at Q1. And then the other thing I'd just mention on the full year is that it is going to be somewhat back half-weighted. But very importantly, even with the impact of -- or excuse me, on the full year, as I said, earnings will grow materially excluding the impact of Super Bowl and political. And if you were to think about it on a reported basis, meaning including the Super Bowl and political, I think full year adjusted EBITDA is probably down slightly.
Jaime Morris: Thanks, Mike. Operator next question please.
Operator: The next question goes to Steven Cahall of Wells Fargo. Steven, please go ahead.
Steven Cahall: Yes. Thanks. So you mentioned that you expect company-wide affiliate growth in 2025. I didn't hear that comment about company-wide advertising growth. So maybe you could just touch on that, excluding Super Bowl and political. I think DTC slowed a little bit in Q4. It might have come in a touch below what you expected it to be. We know that linear television has some challenges in advertising. So do you think can return the company to advertising growth in 2025, again, kind of excluding the Super Bowl and political comp? And then maybe you could just update us on what you're seeing in the licensing market. There's been a lot of supply that's come to market, especially in the TV product, over the last probably 18 months. So what are your expectations for content licensing in 2025? Thank you.
Chris McCarthy: Steve, this is Chris. I'll take the first half of that question, and then I'm going to pass to Brian for the content licensing piece. So listen, if we take a step back, what we're doing here is we're transitioning our business, our audience and our -- advertisers, pardon me, from linear to streaming. And we're seeing great growth there. On the streaming side, we have really strong engagement, really anchored in Q4. That's both on the Paramount+ side and on the Pluto side. We're very pleased with that progress and the scale that we're getting in D2C advertising, where we're up about 18% for the year. And I'll have to say also, important to note, we have one of the largest addressable domestic footprint. Now on the linear side, have a different set of assets, differentiated. We're anchored by CBS, which has an incredibly strong sports rate, the best-in-class primetime lineup of hits. George talked about 7 of the top 10 hits and over 50% of the top 25. That gives us real strength and it helps to insulate us from the pressures that are happening in linear landscape. There's no question, there's more pressure on the cable side. But frankly, that's a much smaller part of our business today than it's ever been. To put that into some numbers, it's really low double digits as a percent of our total ad revenue. So we feel good about the momentum as we're going into 2025, and we are seeing good response from Q1 scatter. And our content slate is going to be one of the strongest we've ever produced as we head into the upfront. And we're hearing great things from our advertising partners. So we feel good about where we stand and feel good about heading into 2025. Brian?
Brian Robbins: Sure. Steve, our licensing business is still very strong, and it remains an essential component of what we do. We also have a great deal of licensing internally, which you have to realize does not show up in our reported results. And this will pay real dividends downstream in the growth of our D2C platforms, which is why we are making fewer originals for third parties. Additionally, we believe there's real room for innovation in windowing strategy and deal structures that could unlock even more value from our content in the future?
Jaime Morris: Thanks, Steve. Operator, we'll take one last question.
Operator: Thank you. The final question goes to Kutgun Maral of Evercore ISI. Kutgun, please go ahead.
Kutgun Maral: Good afternoon and thanks for taking the questions. I was hoping for your perspective on Paramount's positioning across linear going forward. In the context of your comments around the rate of decline in affiliate revenues accelerating in Q1, maybe thinking to the sports and news centric bundles launching in the market. Are there any protections in the distribution deals that you've inked that you could speak to, like with YouTube TV, that would potentially help mitigate the risks of customers down-tiering or cord-shaving? And then just a quick one on film. I don't know if there was any more background you could share on the slate financing deal with Domain Capital and how we should think about the EBITDA and free cash flow impact in the coming years? Thank you.
George Cheeks: Thanks, again. This is George Cheeks taking it. I will start with the first part. So look, given our portfolio of must-have sports, it's difficult to imagine a sports bundle that's going to satisfy the sports fan without CBS. And actually, in fact, we are part of Comcast Sports and News TV package, and we're also in discussions with DIRECTV by joining their MySports offering? But the bottom line is when you look at these distribution relationships, we look at them holistically, meaning we negotiate our economic and distribution commitments across all tiers of service that are going to be offered or proposed by the applicable distributor. And when it makes business sense for us overall, we're going to agree to add tiers just like we did with Comcast. So we're going to continue to experiment with skinny bundles. We know they're here, but we're just not, at this point, convinced there's a compelling value proposition relative to the full bundle. And from what we've seen so far, the price benefit for the consumer is just quite small. But nevertheless, we're going to be committed to working with our partners to help them create the most compelling offerings with greatest value. Brian?
Brian Robbins: Sure. I'd say that slate financing is really nothing new for us, but this deal establishes a long-term alliance between Domain and Paramount Pictures to provide financing for upcoming films across Paramount's slate in various genres and budget levels. And this partnership also will help spread the production cash out over more films. So this type of deal is not unique to us. And in fact, Domain also has a multiyear financing deal with another film studio. But in Domain, we found a committed and experienced partner to be in business with and a structure that really has positive free cash flow and OI attributes.
Chris McCarthy: All right. Thanks, everybody. This is Chris, and on behalf of my fellow Co-CEOs, we'd like to thank you for joining us for our call today. We are very proud of the success that we had in 2024, the momentum that we have going into 2025, and this is all proof that we are making the successful transformation into a streaming-first company. Now these remarkable achievements would not be possible without our incredibly talented teams, our creative partners for whom which we're deeply appreciative. Thank you for joining us again for the call, and I hope you have a great night.
Operator: Thank you. This now concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-08 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Nadia and I'll be the conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Paramount Global's Q3 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines have been muted to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Jaime Morris, Paramount Global's EVP, Investor Relations. You may now begin your conference call.
Jaime Morris: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking the time to join us for our third quarter 2024 earnings call. Joining me for today's discussion are Paramount's Co-CEOs, Brian Robbins, Chris McCarthy and George Cheeks; and our CFO, Naveen Chopra. Please note that in addition to the earnings release, we have trending schedules containing supplemental information available on our website. Before we start this morning, I want to remind you that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in more detail in our filings with the SEC. Some of today's financial remarks will focus on adjusted results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release or in our trending schedules which contain supplemental information and in each case, can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Now, I will turn the call over to Chris.
Chris McCarthy: Thank you, Jaime, and good morning everyone. I'm Chris McCarthy, and I'm joined here by my fellow Co-CEOs George Cheeks and Brian Robbins. Together we'll share the results of another very strong quarter, demonstrating the progress we are making against our strategic plan. Then Naveen will take us through the financials. Okay, let's start with some headlines. We are pleased with our very strong performance this quarter fueled by our hit content and our focus on execution. In DTC, we saw Pluto reach record engagement. And on Paramount+, we added 3.5 million subscribers, reinforcing our position as the number four global streaming service. Paramount+ continued its momentum with revenue growth up 25% year-over-year. This quarter marks the second quarter in a row where D2C achieved profitability, with adjusted OIBDA improving more than $1 billion over the past four quarters. And we remain on track to reach Paramount+ domestic profitability in 2025. We also made progress in streamlining our organization, as we continue to successfully execute cost reductions that will result in $500 million in annual run rate savings. And at the same time, we have not slowed down on doing what we do best, continue to produce some of the biggest and broadest hit films, and television series. In addition, the Skydance transaction achieved a few key milestones, including the conclusion of the go-shop period, the expiration of the HSR waiting period, and on November 4, we filed our S-4 registration statement with the SEC. We continue to expect the deal to close in the first half of 2025, subject to regulatory approvals and other customary conditions. And now, I'll pass it to George to update us on distribution and advertising.
George Cheeks: Thanks Chris. I'll start with distribution, in an evolving landscape. We continue to renew long standing agreements with key partners, including a number of distribution renewals this year. Our track record of getting deals done, speaks to the power of our entertainment, news and sports content, and we'll continue to work with our partners to innovate and deliver for audiences. As an example of that, our Paramount+ ad-supported tier, is now available to charter customers, enhancing the value we're delivering across linear and streaming. Now its early days, but we're pleased with the response so far. Now turning to advertising, Q3 benefited from record political spend, as well as the return of NFL and college football. Digital ad growth remains strong, showing notable increase in demand year-over-year, which reflects our valued position from a price, quality and scale standpoint, and will continue to drive growth. The scale of our digital advertising platform, spanning Paramount+ Pluto as well as other digital properties, is one of the largest addressable footprints in the domestic marketplace, and it represents nearly half of our national domestic advertising revenue, when you exclude sports. Major brands continue to tap into the power of Paramount. Recently, we launched the Summit, a new offering that connects our key ad partners with priority Paramount launches across theatrical, linear and streaming. For our first Summit partnership, we brought Pepsi together with Gladiator II. The campaign launched with the NFL on CBS, and included a media blitz across all Paramount global, linear, digital and social platforms. Yet another example of how we're leveraging our creative assets, and capabilities to deliver unmatched impact for our biggest advertisers. I also want to touch on our ongoing dispute with Nielsen. We remain engaged with them and we're hopeful for a resolution. So far, we're encouraged by our partners' willingness to lean into innovation, and adopt alternative measurement solutions. Bottom line, our brand and agency partners are the number one priority, and we're proving every day that content, scale and value are what matters most to advertisers. And with that, over to Brian for an update on our strategic plan.
Brian Robbins: Thanks George. We are pleased with the progress we have made in advancing our business by transforming D2C, and streamlining our organization to reduce costs. Starting with DTC, the segment was profitable again in the quarter sports, including the return of the NFL and UEFA originals like Mayor of Kingstown and Tulsa King, as well as post theatrical releases such as A Quiet Place: Day One and IF, all drove Acquisition in the quarter. For Pluto, we're continuing to see a strong performance. Year to date, Pluto delivered its highest consumption ever, up 5% to 5.6 billion viewing hours. Growth is being driven by increased use of video on demand, with more available content, enhanced discoverability, and a better user experience. And as we said before, we are evaluating potential partnerships in streaming through a lens of creating value for the business, and our shareholders over the long-term and given the complexity, we are being deliberate and thoughtful in our approach and assessment. Moving to streamlining our organization, we have made progress on realizing $500 million in non-content cost savings, which will reduce our U.S. based workforce by 15%. To-date, we have executed 90% of these reductions and expect to have the remaining completed by the end of the year. Our objective has been to unlock operational efficiencies and right-size the cost base, while continuing to invest in the growth levers that are the key to the future, including content streaming and advertising. In addition, we remain diligent as we optimize our asset mix. The sale of our equity interest in Viacom18 is a great example, which will result in an attractive financial return on our investment. We expect the sale to close in Q4. Now let's move to the core of what we do best, making some of the biggest and broadest hit films and TV series. I will pass to Chris to kick us off.
Chris McCarthy: Thanks, Brian. Let's start with Paramount+ where this fall, we kicked off one of our most ambitious slates to-date, seeing the return of our biggest hit series like Mayor of Kingstown and Tulsa King, which returned to great fanfare, each quickly soaring into a top 10 streaming original across all SVOD services. And Tulsa King also broke records as the number one global debut in Paramount+ history. Internationally, where we have South Park exclusively for SVOD. It ranks as a top five star driver and the number two engagement driver, and we're excited to have the South Park series return to Paramount+ here in the U.S. starting in June of 2025. We're confident this momentum will continue throughout the quarter, with the return of Lioness, which premiered October 27, and is off to a great start, scoring as a top five global series premier in Paramount+ history, followed by Landman a new series from Taylor Sheridan, which will premiere November 17th and stars Billy Bob Thornton, Demi Moore and Jon Hamm. This series has all the makings of a great big hit, and promises to do for the oil industry what Yellowstone did for ranching. Now moving over to our premium tier, this quarter marks the beginning of a new adrenalized showtime slate, with cinematic high stake originals and the return of some fan favorites. Starting with the agency, a new global espionage series from executive producer George Clooney, starring Michael Fassbender, Richard Gere, Jeffrey Wright and Jodie Turner-Smith, which will premiere later this month and that's followed by the return of Showtime's most successful franchise ever, Dexter. With a new origin story titled, Dexter: Original Sin. On cable, we also saw some impressive results. The Challenge, the series that created the reality competition genre, celebrated its 40th season with the highest share in franchise history, up 60% first the previous season. This was followed by the MTV Video Music Awards, which attracted its biggest audience in four years on Linear. And on Social, it broke records as the number one most social entertainment telecast in television history, besting all entertainment and sports. And on the Daily Show, the return of Jon Stewart continues to pay off, having won our second Primetime Emmy in a row and Monday night with Jonathan Helm, the Daily Show remains the number one late night show across Linear and Social. And it's working hard for us on Paramount+ with engagement up 10x. And John's not going anywhere. As we just announced he's extended a stay through 2025. And to continue our momentum this Sunday, Yellowstone, one of the most eagerly anticipated shows of the year, will return on the Paramount Network in the U.S. and internationally on Paramount+, where it's been the number one star driver and the number one engagement driver for the full year to date. And now I'll turn it over to George to walk us through CBS Entertainment, Sports and News.
George Cheeks: For CBS, fall means football and the launch of our new primetime schedule. The network's coming off a record setting '23. '24 NFL season, as well as a top rated primetime schedule that includes the return of last year's number one show. In the first five weeks of the season, the NFL on CBS is averaging more than 20 million viewers. That's up 5% from last year. And streaming of the games on Paramount+ is up over 50% year-over-year. CBS Primetime, which just launched its new season, is off to a great start. Tracker is once again the most watched series on TV. Matlock is the number one new show. And Georgie and Mandy, a spin-off of Young Sheldon is the most watched comedy. And our shows are winning across platforms. Matlock's first episode reached more than 22 million viewers in its first 30 days. Tracker's season 2 premiere delivered over 15 million multiplatform viewers in just its first seven days. That's up 25% from its time period premiere last year. Now turning to news, the total minutes watched on Our CBS News 24x7 streaming network continues to grow, up 56% over 2023 and up 78% versus third quarter last year. We expanded and rebranded the platform with more live programming and the increased presence of key CBS News talent. All of this speaks to the collective power of broadcast and streaming working together to aggregate more unduplicated viewership while optimizing the value and efficiency of our content investments. Our programming strategy remains laser focused on entertainment, news and sports that excel on both CBS and Paramount+. Over to you Brian.
Brian Robbins: On the Paramount Picture's front, at the end of the second quarter, A Quiet Place day one opened to nearly 100 million worldwide and set the franchise record for the biggest opening at the global box office. To-date, the film has grossed $261 million worldwide. Transformers One also debuted as the first animated Transformers film in nearly four decades, grossing $127 million at the global box office to-date. And most recently, the October release of Smile 2 from home grown talent, Parker Finn, saw a record breaking global premiere out earning its predecessor's debut weekend. It also makes Smile 2, Paramount's fourth number one opening this year after Mean Girls, Bob Marley: One Love, and if. We're confident that the rest of Q4 will build on this momentum. Thanks to an impressive roster of upcoming releases, including Next up, Ridley Scott's, Gladiator II, one of the most anticipated films of the year with a phenomenal cast including Paul Mescal and Academy Award winner Denzel Washington. Early tracking and first reactions are generating optimism and excitement for the movies release and award season prospects. Now, rounding out our diverse slate, we're excited to be bringing audiences the journalistic thriller September 5, which has been on the festival circuit generating awards buzz also the third instalment of fan favorite, Sonic the Hedgehog, with Jim Carrey and the original cast reprising their roles. And then Better Man from the director of The Greatest Showman, Michael Gracie, and based on the life and music of Robbie Williams. And looking ahead to 2025, we have a fantastic, robust line-up with something for everyone. That includes an Eighth Mission Impossible, the reboot of the Naked Gun franchise, starring Liam Neeson, new instalments of beloved animated franchises like Smurfs and SpongeBob, which is celebrating its 25th anniversary and running man from Director, Edgar Wright and starring Glen Powell, to name just a few. Taken together, all of our content reinforces that we have so much to be excited about in this period of evolution and transformation for our business and the industry. It is what continues to create value for our partners, investors and the broader media landscape both now and well into the future. With that, let me turn it over to Naveen for more detail on our Q3 financials. We'll then look forward to taking your question.
Naveen Chopra: Thank you, Brian. Good morning everyone. Q3 demonstrated the progress we've made in transforming Paramount for the future. We delivered adjusted OIBDA of $858 million in the quarter, up 20% year-over-year, reflecting significant improvement in our D2C business, which continues to deliver healthy top line growth and improved operating leverage. As always, you'll find a comprehensive review of financial results in our press release. For today's call, I'll focus on a few areas of note, starting with advertising. Total company advertising grew 2% powered by direct-to-consumer which delivered strong growth of 18%, an acceleration versus the 16% growth we saw in Q2. D2C advertising growth was driven by a double digit increase in sold impressions and higher CPMs, and these trends have continued in Q4 where we expect another quarter of double digit D2C advertising growth. In TV Media, advertising revenue declined 2%, an improvement versus last quarter, reflecting the return of football and higher political spend. Similar to last quarter, international advertising benefited from the recognition of revenue that was underreported by an international sales partner in prior periods. Looking ahead, we expect TV Media advertising growth in Q4 to be similar to the reported growth rate in Q3 and Q4 growth will benefit from record political spend, but we'll also have less sports inventory compared to the prior year. Our forecast for Q4 does not assume any additional revenue true-ups from third-party under reporting. Next, let me turn to affiliate and subscription revenue, which declined 1% in Q3. Now, as a reminder, last year's third quarter included Showtime pay-per-view events that did not recur this year as we exited Showtime Sports at the end of 2023. This comparison reduced the Q3 growth rate by 270 basis points. Absent the impact of Showtime pay-per-view, affiliate and subscription revenue increased 1%, with growth in direct-to-consumer more than offsetting declines in linear. In the TV Media segment, affiliate revenue declined 6.6% year-over-year, reflecting ecosystem trends and the Showtime pay-per-view headwind I just mentioned. D2C subscription revenue grew 6.8% in the quarter, with Paramount+ subscription revenue up 27% year-over-year. Paramount+ added 3.5 million subscribers in the quarter, reaching 72 million subscribers overall. Subscriber trends benefited from the expansion of an international hard bundle deal and the return of NFL and college football, new originals and theatrical releases. And in Q4, we expect continued subscriber growth at Paramount+ driven by a strong slate of originals and the CBS fall schedule. Unlike Q3, we do not expect to add new hard bundle partnerships in Q4. Global ARPU for Paramount+ grew 11% in the quarter. ARPU growth was tempered by the lapping of last year's price increase and a greater than expected shift in the mix of our subscriber base toward our Essential tier and hard bundle subscribers. Additionally, the price change we announced in August of 2024 will take some time to be reflected in ARPU due to the grandfathering of existing Essential tier subscribers, and these dynamics will continue to influence ARPU growth in Q4. The combination of continued healthy revenue growth and expense discipline in Q3 helped deliver our second consecutive quarter of D2C profitability. In Q4, we expect continued top line growth. However, the timing of content and marketing spend will result in a quarterly loss for the D2C segment. That said, we liked the trajectory of the business over the last few quarters and believe we're well-positioned to reach Paramount+ domestic profitability in 2025. Next, I'll touch on licensing. Licensing and other revenue declined 9% in the quarter, primarily reflecting a lower volume of licensing in the secondary market and lower home entertainment revenues. Now, as I've previously noted, licensing revenue can be fairly uneven from quarter-to-quarter and for the full year 2024, we expect licensing revenue to decline relative to 2023. More than half the year-over-year decline will come from made for third-party productions and these productions are strategically valuable. But the scale of our business has been impacted by the decision to steer more content to internal platforms. A smaller part of the year-over-year decline in licensing is related to our second run and library licensing activity, partially reflecting lingering strike impact on the business. Even though we'll benefit from the return of the CBS fall slate in Q4, it will take longer than expected to return to our pre-strike level of output. Turning to the balance sheet. In Q3 we delivered $214 million of free cash flow and reduced leverage to 3.8 time. Free cash flow in Q4 will be negative given the timing of content spending and the headwind of approximately $150 million of cash restructuring payments. However, this shouldn't negatively impact leverage as we expect to receive nearly 500 million of proceeds from the Viacom18 transaction which is expected to close this quarter. Putting it all together, we remain on track to achieve our key financial goals for 2024. That includes significant growth in total company OIBDA enabled by the progress in D2C profitability you've seen over the last few quarters and the execution of cost savings initiatives across the company. Similarly, our expectations for full year free cash flow growth remain unchanged. Overall, I think 2024 will demonstrate meaningful progress in the ongoing transition of Paramount encompassing streaming growth, enhanced cost efficiency and of course, continued investment in our renowned content portfolio. With that operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question goes to Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley. Ben, please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: Good morning. Brian, you talked about being deliberate. Given the complexity around direct-to-consumer and partnerships, I'm just wondering if you could talk a little bit more now that you guys have been working on it, as to sort of what you're solving for. What are the key variables you're looking for? What would lead the company to kind of pull the trigger on either a partnership or a change in how you're kind of working internationally? I think that's been kind of one of your focus areas in streaming. And then, Naveen, it's been -- I think almost a year since you talked about domestic streaming profitability next year. Given the progress we've seen this year and the cost action you've taken, how far away are you from overall D2C profitability? Any way to kind of update us and dimensionalize sort of the international versus domestic D2C situation as we look at '25 would be helpful? Thank you guys.
Chris McCarthy: Hi Ben, how you doing? This is Chris. I'll take your first part of your question, and then I'll pass to Naveen for the second part of that. First, let me start by saying that we're very proud of the success that we've had with Paramount+ this quarter saw revenue growth up 27%. It's our second quarter of profitability, and for 2025 we're on track for full year domestic profitability. So, we feel good about our position, and our ability to remain a standalone. Now, that being said, you can absolutely count on us to be opportunistic. We're looking at partnerships from a strategic lens to drive more value. And you can be sure that in deciding that, we'll take key factors into consideration, but the ultimate value will be is this going to drive increased value for our business today, our consumers and our investors. But as it stands today, we have our momentum driven by our strategy, our execution and driven by our hit content. And so we feel good about our position as a standalone and we'll continue to look for opportunities. Naveen?
Naveen Chopra: Great. Thanks, Chris. And hi Ben, with regard to your question on D2C profitability in '25, as you said, we've made tremendous progress this year. Chris mentioned some of the stats. I think it's fair to say that progress has been really multidimensional between subscriber growth, improvements in ARPU, strong digital advertising growth, and by the way, some real efficiency improvements on the marketing side of the equation. So, I think we're well set up for 2025. And as you heard us say, we do continue to expect the business to get to domestic profitability next year. In terms of how that translates to the segment as a whole, I'd note a few things. First, domestic we do expect to be profitable next year. Pluto is already a profitable business. And so the real variable is what the P&L for the Paramount+ international business looks like. And I've generally described that as tracking somewhere in the sort of 12 to 18 months behind the domestic business. Just given the relative maturity and the timing of when we launched internationally versus domestic. And I think that's still the right way, to think about the business as a whole. And obviously we'll keep you updated on progress, as we continue to move down that path.
Jaime Morris: Thanks, Ben. Operator next question.
Operator: The next question goes to Bryan Kraft of Deutsche Bank. Brian, please go ahead.
Bryan Kraft: Oh, thanks. Good morning. I guess the last answer, Naveen, was a good segue to my question, which was you've been making various moves in international markets, but I think you've also been reviewing the strategy on a market-by-market basis. So I wanted to ask if at this point there is a clear path forward yet for Paramount+ in international markets. And if so, if you could talk about what that looks like, and how it's differed from the approach up until now. And then just a housekeeping question Naveen, and sorry if I missed it, but would you be able to quantify for us, the impact of the revenue for prior period international ad sales, under that partner under reporting? Thank you.
Chris McCarthy: Hey Bryan, how you're doing? This is Chris. Listen, let me start by saying we think it is very important to globally monetize our content in the widest possible basis, and our success to date really proves that out. Now we're taking a market-to-market approach when we're looking through the lens, of how do we drive the most value. In some cases that'll be an owned and operated situation, where we control. In other cases it'll be a hard bundle with a market leader, and in other cases it may make more sense for us to really go in a licensing model. But you can rest assured our goal here is to maximize the value for our hit content, and look at all opportunities very opportunistically through that lens. And now I'll pass to Naveen for the second half of that.
Naveen Chopra: Yes, Bryan, with respect to your question on the size of the underreported revenue in Q3, it is a relatively important factor in the year-over-year trend for international advertising similar in magnitude to Q2. Actually a little larger in magnitude in Q3 versus Q2. It's - I'd size it in the call it plus or minus $50 million range. And importantly, as I said in our prepared remarks, our forecast for next quarter assumes that there is no further true-up required, due to the under-reporting.
Jaime Morris: Thanks Bryan. Operator, next question please.
Operator: The next question goes to Rich Greenfield of LightShed Partners. Rich, please go ahead.
Rich Greenfield: Hi, thanks for taking the question. I've got a couple. First on Nielsen I think you dropped. I think it's been now over a month, maybe it's been five weeks. I think the last time you had an impasse it was only like 14 or 15 days. I think there's been a lot of speculation in the market that you've saved, or that you're in the run rate savings are hundreds of millions of dollars on the cost side. But on the other side I want to understand, what's happening in terms of not being able to sell advertising against Nielsen data. Have you seen any material impact in Q4 from not having Nielsen data and I guess related to any top advertisers that have left, CBS or your cable networks, because you can't sell against Nielsen and I think you're using VideoAmp. And then just maybe a housekeeping question for Chris or George, I guess on the TV media side of the equation, I think everyone's trying to understand sort of the potential of cost cutting longer term. Could you just give us a sense in TV media today, how many employees roughly do you still have in that division after all of the cost cuts that you've done to date? Thanks.
George Cheeks: Hi, Rich, it's George. I'll take this. So starting with Nielsen, I want to level set. This really is not about affordability. It's about getting the value we need for what we pay. And I think it's important to consider all of this in the context of the media industry. I mean, as we all know, linear audiences, especially basic cable linear, are declining and shifting to streaming. This, of course, is going to affect how we look at the appropriate spend here. I mean, for example, we wouldn't want the Nielsen fee for certain networks to be greater than the ad revenue those networks actually generate. Now, as to your point on impact, we haven't seen any adverse impact on ad revenue to-date, and we don't expect a material impact in Q4. But I do want to be clear, Rich, that we do recognize that Nielsen can be a valuable resource. It's just that the economics have to make sense for the business. Now as to your second question [technical difficulty] setting right now, the number is about 6,000-plus in domestic and about 3,000-plus, now you have to remember that, that [technical difficulty] big sports production infrastructure and our 27 local stations, which obviously require a lot of employees as well. But as Chris mentioned before, we're [technical difficulty].
Jaime Morris: Is there a second question about TV media?
George Cheeks: Just answered it.
Jaime Morris: Oh, I'm sorry. Operator, next question, please.
Operator: The next question goes to Steven Cahall of Wells Fargo. Steven, please go ahead.
Steven Cahall: Thank you. So another one on streaming, the S-4 indicated that one of the parties might have been interested in a combination or even licensing Paramount Plus. And you know, you've done bundles. We've seen a lot of bundles in the industry. I don't think we've actually seen any app integration or streaming integration deals. So I'm wondering how you think about that. One of your peers also has a streaming product that has a lot of sports, has a good film library. Seems like very strong customer overlap. So how do you think about the opportunities in streaming to go beyond just bundle deals, and into something that's a little bit deeper from a consumer perspective? And then, Naveen just an accounting question. What's the method for allocating content costs like sports and series between D2C and TV media when the air on both. You're growing revenue and subscribers so strongly at Paramount+ and you've given the domestic profitability guidance. So just wondering if there's a way for us to think about how content expense grows there, since it's shared between the two segments? Thank you.
Chris McCarthy: Hi Steve, it's Chris. I'll take the first part of that question, and then I'll pass to Naveen. As we talked about, we are seeing real momentum at Paramount plus and across Pluto. We've got great growth, second quarter profitability and on track in '25. So we feel really good about the position and frankly our ability to remain as a standalone. Now you talk about bundles and we've got some great partnerships and great bundles in the way of Walmart and with Delta Airlines. Now these are ones that are very specific that add incremental value to us. They bring new consumers, and really enhance the value proposition from a total business perspective for us. Now that being said, you can always count on us to be strategically looking through the lens of creating value. Now, part of that exercise is really to be opportunistic, about both looking at things from a market-to market-perspective and from a broader partnership perspective. And in doing that, we ask ourselves, is this the right market, or is there something better that we can get and something more value? And you can count on us to continue to do that. But as of today, there's no change. We feel great about where we are, and we feel really strong about the position moving forward. Naveen?
Naveen Chopra: Thanks, Chris. Steve, the question regarding how we allocate the cost of content that is shared between our streaming business and our traditional linear businesses. I think there's a couple of important concepts to understand. Number one, it does differ somewhat based on the type of content, but it's all based on the principle that the allocations of that cost should reflect the relative value of the content windows that, each of the platforms has rights to. So what that means is that effectively, as more of the viewership moves to streaming, you will see more of the cost being allocated to streaming, and moving away from linear. And that's certainly been reflected in the way that we do that allocation for sports, for movies, library and the like.
Jaime Morris: Thanks, Steve. Operator next question.
Operator: The next question goes to Michael Morris of Guggenheim. Michael, please go ahead.
Michael Morris: Thank you. Good morning and thanks for all the answers. I wanted to ask first about the DTC trends, and specifically you said you were pleased with the response so far from Charter customers. Hoping you can share a little bit more detail on whether the third quarter results reflected the full impact from that Charter partnership at both TV and at DTC. And anything you can share about customer activation, and any churn from Charter subs who are already Paramount+ subs, those types of things. I'd love to hear any additional detail you can share. And then secondly, it was a very strong EBITDA quarter growing 20% year-over-year. Kind of begs the question whether we should expect any incremental cost in 4Q, to maybe offset the strength that you had in the third quarter, or whether this outperformance kind of flows through to the full year? Thank you guys.
Naveen Chopra: Yes, hi Mike, it's Naveen. I'll take both of those, starting with the question on third quarter sub growth, and specifically the impact of Charter. So just zooming out a little bit of the 3.5 million subs that we added in the quarter, I'd note that there's contribution from both international and domestic. As I noted in prepared remarks, International did have a new hard bundle that we signed, so that was an important contributor. And on the domestic side, we did see some sub growth coming out of the Charter bundle, though I would note that it's still relatively early, in terms of time since the launch of that bundle. And I expect the contribution will continue to grow over time. That being said, when we look at the first few months if you will, we're actually quite pleased with the results both in terms of the take up from Charter subs, and the impact on direct sub acquisition, so we continue to like the trends there. Then moving to your second question on fourth quarter, and how that is impacted by some of the - over performance in the third quarter. Let me give you sort of a big picture answer on that too. If you think about the third quarter, the over-performance was really driven by the DTC segment, which came in better than we expected. As I mentioned earlier, that's multidimensional. But in particular we saw some real strength in marketing efficiency that we were able to realize in the quarter. I would say that the restructuring work had a relatively modest impact in Q3, just given the timing of when those actions were taken. More of that benefit is going to be realized in Q4. So then if you think about Q4 specifically, there are some moving pieces that are probably worth calling out. First, some of the tailwinds we will see more of that restructuring benefit that I mentioned. There will also be, as you would anticipate, some real strength in political advertising that will benefit Q4, and Q4 tends to be relative to the first three quarters of the year, the strongest quarter for advertising generally. And so, I think that will benefit us relative to Q3. There are a couple of headwinds to keep in mind. We will have higher content expenses in Q4 than we did in Q3, just given the timing of sports and some of the streaming originals. And as I mentioned, we do not expect to have any incremental true-ups for past period under reporting on those third-party advertising partnerships. And then, there is some shift of marketing expense from Q3 into Q4. But when you put all of that together, I think the key takeaways for you should be that number one, the vast majority of the over performance that we saw in Q3, I do expect to flow through to the full year. And number two, I think we're really well set up for 2025, particularly given the progress in D2C and the significant improvements that we've made in profitability for that part of the business.
Jaime Morris: Thanks, Mike. Operator, we'll take one last question please.
Operator: Thank you. The last question goes to Michael Ng of Goldman Sachs. Michael, please go ahead.
Michael Ng: Hi, good morning. Thank you for squeezing me in. I wanted to just follow-up on the last question around DTC efficiencies. Naveen, you talked about the marketing efficiencies. I was wondering if you could just expand on that a little bit in DTC, because obviously DTC, FX was an area of positive surprise. And then relatedly, I was wondering if any of the programming charges taken earlier in the year, had any potential benefit to cost amortization for DTC in the quarter as well? Thank you.
Naveen Chopra: Yes, sure. Hi Mike. I'll take both of those. The DTC improvement that we saw as I mentioned, did benefit from marketing efficiency. But there's kind of a bigger story behind that, which relates to the composition of our subscriber base. We've talked about for some time now the importance of having a diverse subscriber base that, spans multiple channels. The direct channel partner-based distribution on platforms like Amazon, Roku, Apple hard bundles both domestically and internationally, commercial bundles like what we have with Walmart+. And when you have that sort of go-to-market approach, there are some real benefits with respect to acquisition costs and churn. And I think we're starting to see those fall into the P&L of the business. Which is why I called out the marketing efficiencies that is enabled, by the fact that we have these channels where we're able to acquire and keep subscribers very, very efficiently, and that's really flowing through to the bottom line. And then, with respect to your second question regarding programming charges, yes that does obviously have some amort benefit in future periods. But I think we're really focused on driving the top line growth, continued sub growth, ARPU growth, and capturing these improvements in marketing, and churn reduction as a way of continuing to drive the business toward profitability.
Brian Robbins: Thanks Naveen, this is Brian and on behalf of my fellow Co-CEOs, we'd like to thank you all for joining the call today. We had another very strong quarter with continued strength in streaming, improving momentum in advertising, and meaningful progress in making the business more efficient. All of which sets us up well for the future. All at the same time while we've been doing what we do best, which is making some of the biggest and broadest hit TV series, and blockbuster films. Thanks to our tremendously talented teams and creative partners. We look forward to updating you all on our progress again soon. Thank you and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This now concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-08 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Felicia and I'll be the conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Paramount Global's Q2 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Jaime Morris, Paramount Global's EVP, Investor Relations. You may now begin your conference call.
Jaime Morris: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for taking the time to join us for our second quarter 2024 earnings call. Joining me for today's discussion are Paramount's Co-CEOs, Brian Robbins, Chris McCarthy and George Cheeks; and our CFO, Naveen Chopra. Please note that in addition to the earnings release, we have trending schedules containing supplemental information available on our website. Before we start this afternoon, I want to remind you that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in more detail in our filings with the SEC. Some of today's financial remarks will focus on adjusted results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release or in our trending schedules which contain supplemental information and in each case, can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Now, I will turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Robbins: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining our second quarter earnings call. I'm Brian Robbins and I'm here with my fellow CEOs, Chris McCarthy and George Cheeks. Today, we look forward to updating you on the results of the quarter and the progress we have made on our strategic plan. That includes streamlining the organization, transforming D2C and optimizing our asset mix. We have been aggressively advancing this plan since we laid it out at our Annual Meeting of Stockholders in early June. But before we jump in, we'd like to spend a few moments on the transaction with Skydance Media. As you know, on July 7, Paramount Global announced the signing of a definitive merger agreement with Skydance which includes a 45-day go-shop period. We expect the deal to close in the first half of next year. In the meantime, the Skydance and RedBird teams support our strategic plan and we are continuing to operate business as usual. With that, let's get into our second quarter results and share more details of our progress. Then Naveen will take us through the financials in depth. In the quarter, we saw strong results both in terms of our financials and our content. A few highlights include 43% growth in total company adjusted OIBDA, largely driven by improvement in D2C. Paramount+ increased revenue 46% year-over-year. Our content continues to show strength across TV, streaming and theatrical. And we renewed and expanded our long-standing partnership with one of our largest affiliates, Charter. As we said before, we've been very focused on modernizing our relationships with distributors and this innovative multiyear partnership with Charter is a prime example of how we're doing that. The renewal includes the continued carriage of our portfolio of linear cable networks and CBS-owned and operated broadcast stations. Also around Labor Day, our Paramount+ essential ad-supported tier will be available to Charter's linear customers. Together, we're enhancing the value we're delivering for our consumers, providing them even more ways to watch our big broad hits across linear and streaming. And for us, it has the potential to expand reach and engagement, lower our customer acquisition costs and yield much lower churn. And we view this as one potential partnership road map for future distributor renewals. In addition to Charter, just last week, we announced a multiyear agreement with Nexstar to renew CBS television network affiliations in 40 markets across the country. So we continue to have good momentum with our partners. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Chris to take you through the upfront and the highlights of our plan.
Chris McCarthy: Thank you, Brian and good afternoon, everyone. We are pleased with our upfront results, particularly in the context of the evolution of the ad market and the scale of new entrants. Linear volume trends were in line with last year and CPMs were up on a blended basis, driven by sports and broadcast which were relatively strong. The digital marketplace was also healthy. We secured commitments in excess of $1 billion across our streaming portfolio, reflecting both the quality and the scale of our assets. With our mix of pay and free, we offer the most efficient reach across premium video. Now let's walk through the progress we're making against our strategic plan, starting with streamlining the organization. We announced in June that we've identified $500 million in annual run rate cost savings across the company. This $500 million is included in the $2 billion of cost efficiencies identified by Skydance. To realize these savings, we are reducing our U.S.-based workforce by approximately 15%. And we are primarily focused on 2 areas: first, redundant functions within marketing and communications; second, streamlining our corporate structure, reducing our head count in finance, legal, technology and other support functions. These actions will take place in the coming weeks and will largely be completed by the end of the year. As you can imagine, these are difficult decisions to make. We have incredibly talented people at Paramount and these actions are not a reflection of their contributions. Rather, they are necessary to transform our organization for the future. Next, transforming streaming. We are pleased with the progress that we've made and the performance of our Direct-to-Consumer segment. In Q2, year-over-year profit growth was $450 million and totaled nearly $900 million for the past 4 quarters. For the fourth year in a row, Paramount+ is leading the industry in sign-ups, driven by our big broad hit TV series and blockbuster films. And Pluto continues to be the most widely distributed global FAST service, delivering 3.7 billion hours for the first half of 2024. That's up 8% year-over-year and that marks our highest consumption ever. Now looking ahead, we remain confident that Paramount+ will reach domestic profitability in 2025. In addition, to further accelerate profitability and to increase our scale and engagement, we are exploring potential strategic partnerships with multiple parties and are in active discussions. Finally, optimizing our asset mix. We are aggressively evaluating our portfolio with the goal of improving our balance sheet. The set of assets that make up Paramount Global today were built up through the rise of linear. And while we have strong brands and businesses, we must reshape our portfolio to best compete in the future. The assets under consideration are undeniably strong with exciting futures ahead but will be better served on their own or as a centerpiece of another business. We look forward to updating you on our progress against our strategic plan over the coming quarters. And now, I'll turn the call over to George to highlight our key content wins in the quarter and talk about what's coming next.
George Cheeks: Thanks, Chris. Our core mission centers on what we do best: creating big, broad hits. This is our first priority as well as our competitive advantage. Now in Q2, we had a number of key wins. CBS finished the '23-'24 season as the number 1 broadcast network in total viewers for the 16th consecutive year, with 8 of the top 10 shows and the 3 most watched new broadcast series with Tracker, Elsbeth and NCIS Sydney. On Paramount+, our strong slate drove excellent results, including the return of Mayor of Kingstown, Criminal Minds, Evil, RuPaul's Drag Race and The Chi. We also launched new shows like the South Park special, The End of Obesity, the Sonic the Hedgehog spin-off series Knuckles and A Gentleman in Moscow from Showtime. Q2 brought Bob Marley: One Love and the UEFA Champions League Final to P+ as well. On Comedy Central, The Daily Show with Jon Stewart is posting significant performance gains while engagement on Paramount+ is outperforming last season by over 7x. Over at Paramount Pictures, John Krasinski's IF delivered another number 1 domestic box office launch. And A Quiet Place: Day One saw franchise best performance, beating industry expectations and grossing over $250 million in worldwide box office to date. Now to keep this momentum going, we plan the most ambitious slate yet for Paramount+. This includes new seasons of Taylor Sheridan's hit series Tulsa King in September, Lioness in October and the new series Landman in November as well as the series finales of Evil and SEAL Team. The Showtime slate kicks off with a new series The Agency from George Clooney. And in December, Showtime's biggest franchise ever returns with Dexter: Original Sin. Also heading to Paramount+ are recent box office hits, the new CBS primetime slate, the new NFL season and our first full season of Big Ten college football. The next season's primetime schedule on CBS is one of the strongest I've seen. In addition to 16 returning series, the new shows will include a spin-off of Young Sheldon, the number 1 comedy on TV, a contemporary reimagining of the classic series Matlock and a new addition to the NCIS universe. And coming soon to movie theaters, we're releasing the first animated Transformers film in nearly 40 years, starring voice cast Chris Hemsworth and Scarlett Johansson. That's followed by Smile 2, the sequel to one of the most profitable films in the studio's history. In November, Sir Ridley Scott returns to the arena with the highly anticipated Gladiator 2 which just saw its first trailer become one of the most viewed ever for Paramount. Then we'll finish the year with Sonic the Hedgehog 3. Look, we really want to underscore our commitment to operating the business with best-in-class content at the center. We'll continue to deliver for millions of fans around the world. We've got the best creatives in the business and we're incredibly grateful for their contributions. Thanks so much for joining us today. And with that, I'll turn it over to Naveen.
Naveen Chopra: Thank you, George and good afternoon everyone. Our Q2 results demonstrate strong execution, continued evolution of our distribution and monetization strategies and the ongoing power of our creative engines. Financially speaking, this translated to 43% growth in adjusted OIBDA, reflecting significant improvement in our D2C business which is delivering healthy top line growth and improved operating margin. Additionally, balance sheet leverage improved by 1/3 of a turn since the end of Q1. As always, you'll find a comprehensive review of Q2 results in our press release. So today, I'm going to focus on a few areas of note. First, advertising. In Q2, Direct-to-Consumer advertising grew 16%, benefiting from increased viewing hours across Paramount+ and Pluto TV, along with higher CPMs. In TV Media, overall domestic advertising trends were negatively impacted by the fact that sports comprised a smaller share of inventory than it has in recent quarters. This dynamic somewhat masked the fact that year-over-year growth in nonsports domestic advertising improved relative to Q1. On a total company basis, advertising declined 6% in the quarter. Looking ahead, we expect D2C advertising growth in Q3 to be similar to Q2. And in linear, we expect advertising trends in the second half of '24 to improve with the return of live sports, new fall programming and contribution from political spend. Next, let me turn to affiliate and subscription revenue which grew 1% in Q2. As a reminder, last year's second quarter included a Showtime pay-per-view event that did not take place this year due to our exit from Showtime Sports at the end of 2023. This comparison reduced the Q2 growth rate by 250 basis points. D2C subscription revenue grew 12% in the quarter, with Paramount+ subscription revenue up 50% year-over-year. Paramount+ finished the quarter with 68.4 million subscribers which is 2.8 million lower than the end of Q1. Now 2 factors impacted subscriber growth this quarter, both of which were built into our expectations for the full year. The biggest factor by far was the planned exit of our hard bundle partnership with Tving in South Korea which contributed a sizable number of subs but limited revenue and OIBDA. Second, domestic sub growth, though still positive, was hindered by elevated churn from the cohort of subscribers that joined for the Super Bowl in Q1. We expect Paramount+ to return to net subscriber growth in the second half of the year as we benefit from a more consistent cadence of original content now that we're beyond the impacts of the strike. We also expect normalized international subscriber growth for the remainder of the year. Paramount+ global ARPU expanded 26% in the quarter, reflecting the impact of the price increase that took effect in Q3 of 2023 as well as a shift in the mix of our international subscriber base to higher ARPU markets. And as we announced in June, a subsequent domestic price increase will take effect later this month. Monthly pricing for new Paramount+ customers on our ad-supported tier will move to $7.99. Existing customers will be grandfathered at the current $5.99 price. Monthly pricing on our Paramount+ with Showtime tier will increase by $1 to $12.99 for both new and existing customers. We don't expect a meaningful financial impact from the new price increase until Q4 given the time required to implement the price changes across our distribution channels and because the pricing increase on the ad-supported tier only applies to new customers. In the TV Media segment, affiliate revenue declined 5% year-over-year, largely reflecting ecosystem trends. Recognizing ongoing changes in the pay TV ecosystem, in Q2, we announced an important multiyear distribution agreement with Charter which seeks to modernize our long-standing relationship. Starting in Q3, Charter will be the first U.S. MVPD to make the ad-supported tier of Paramount+ available to basic cable subscribers with no incremental cost to the consumer. Accordingly, users who activate a Paramount+ essential subscription through an MVPD bundle will be counted as Paramount+ subscribers and the revenue from Charter and future MVPD distribution deals that bundle Paramount+ will be shared between our TV Media and D2C segments. We believe this type of bundle is an efficient way to grow Paramount+ and can yield many of the same benefits we've experienced in the international markets where we've adopted a similar approach. These bundles ensure that Paramount and our distributors are full participants in the transition of viewing from linear to streaming. Looking ahead to Q3, we expect TV Media affiliate revenue growth to decelerate modestly relative to Q2, reflecting the dynamics I just mentioned and the impact of exiting Showtime Sports. Next, I'll touch on licensing. Our licensing and other revenue declined 35%. As I've noted previously, licensing revenue growth tends to be bumpy due to the timing of deliveries. And that continued to be the case in Q2 as there were fewer deliveries in the period relative to Q2 of 2023. For example, Q2 of last year included delivery of the final season of Jack Ryan. The quarter was also impacted by a lower volume of licensing in the secondary market. We expect licensing revenue to return to growth in the second half of the year, particularly with the return of a new fall slate on CBS in Q4, although we do expect a modest decline in licensing revenue for the full year. In parallel with our efforts to maximize revenue, we're also highly focused on unlocking incremental cost savings. And as you've heard Chris, George and Brian described, we've identified opportunities to streamline the organization that are expected to yield $500 million of annualized cost reductions. Importantly, this $500 million is included in the $2 billion of cost efficiencies identified by Skydance and we're aligned in moving quickly to realize them. We expect to execute these actions in the coming weeks such that we can reach the full $500 million run rate expense reduction as we enter 2025. And in connection with these actions, we expect to incur a restructuring charge of approximately $300 million to $400 million in Q3, the cash impact of which will occur over the next several quarters. The last part of our Q2 results I want to address is the goodwill impairment charge recorded in the quarter. During Q2, we assessed the relevant factors that could impact the fair value of our reporting units, including the estimated total company market value indicated by the Skydance transactions and recent indicators in the linear affiliate marketplace. As a result, we recorded a $6 billion noncash goodwill impairment charge for our cable network supporting unit at TV Media. Now before moving on to questions, I'd like to share some additional information regarding our expectations for the remainder of the year. Our D2C segment was profitable this quarter, our first profitable quarter since Paramount+ launched 3.5 years ago. And although the segment will generate losses in Q3 and Q4 due to the timing of content expenses, we're on course to achieve Paramount+ domestic profitability in 2025. And for the full year 2024, the progress in D2C profitability means we continue to expect significant growth in total company OIBDA. And free cash flow will grow relative to 2023. We continue to operate in a dynamic environment but it's clear that our focus on execution is producing results. We're not standing still during this interim period before the transaction closes. We remain focused on achieving our goals for 2024 which means investing in key content assets, finding expense efficiencies, improving profitability, deepening partnerships and deleveraging our balance sheet. We believe this approach will create value for shareholders over the long term. With that, operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. The first question comes from Michael Morris from Guggenheim.
Michael Morris: I wanted to follow up first on Brian's comments about operating the business during the period between now and when the Skydance transaction will close. How are you ensuring that these steps that you're taking on things like strategic partnerships that you referenced, how are you making sure that those are aligned with the long-term goals after that transaction is completed? Is Skydance involved in these things during the interim period? And then also, how do you keep the teams motivated when there's some uncertainty about what the future may hold for the business? So that's my first question. And then maybe for Naveen, on the goodwill charge, you noted the recent indicators in the linear affiliate marketplace were part of what triggered that. Could you expand on that at all? What were the recent indicators? Did it have to do with the Charter agreement? And given that cord cutting has been going on for quite a while, why was now the time that, that was triggered beyond just the transaction as you mentioned?
Brian Robbins: Sure, Mike. This is Brian. I'll jump in first. As I said in the prepared remarks, Skydance is very supportive of our strategic plan. It's business as usual for us and we continue to greenlight projects in the normal course of business. Now in terms of Skydance involvement, it is what you would expect in any M&A transaction. There are very specific limited things that we will consult with them on. But to the second part of your question, we are just aggressively advancing our strategic plan with our teams. We've talked during the prepared remarks about our actions to streamline the organization, our focus on exploring partnerships as we transform Paramount+ for the future and the ongoing discussions to optimize our asset mix. And we believe our plan will create value for shareholders over the long term.
Naveen Chopra: Thanks, Brian. And so Mike, let me respond to your question on the goodwill impairment charge. There's really a couple of things going on there. So first, obviously, linear declines are part of the analysis here. But the other part of this is that really drives the magnitude of the goodwill impairment charge, is the value that's implied by the Skydance transaction because the way the accounting works on this is we need to reconcile the value of our individual reporting units with the enterprise value for the entire company that's implied by the transaction. So it's really the combination of those things. And what that results in is the basically $6 billion noncash goodwill impairment charge that is specific to our cable network reporting unit.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Fishman from MoffettNathanson.
Robert Fishman: Anything more that you all can share on how you're approaching exploring the licensing of Paramount+ content? Maybe just originals or just broadly speaking. Or are you evaluating that licensing in the context of the other JV structures that you were talking to? And then on a separate note, just trying to understand any updated thoughts or how you guys are thinking about using premium sports as part of Paramount+ and whether or not the Charter deal or future distribution agreements that include Paramount+ influence those strategies given the importance that NFL and other content is to the -- within the pay TV ecosystem.
Chris McCarthy: Robert, it's Chris. I'll take the first half of that and then I'll pass to George to talk about the sports piece. First, let me start by saying we're very pleased with the success that we've had to date with Paramount+. We've amassed 68 million global subscribers. And the power of our content, both our originals and our library, is doing the hard work here. It's driving a lot of that -- those subscribers and driving our business. Now as we look forward in 2025, we're on path to hit domestic profitability. But we think there's an opportunity to accelerate that both just in domestic and globally. And so we're looking at a series of opportunities, whether they come in the form of strategic partnerships or joint ventures. And really the benefit here is to get greater scale, better improve our content offering, reduce our costs and drive long-term value and increase profits both in the short term and the long term. And we're exploring all these opportunities and we're going to be very opportunistic about that. So that includes a series of partnerships that could potentially involve some licensing. But we'll also be licensing content in addition to that. So let me pass it over to George to talk about sports.
George Cheeks: Thanks, Chris. So on the sports point, so basically, our strategy here and our focus is that broadcast and streaming together drive an unduplicated audience and really resolve linear and streaming growth. So when we look at our sort of sports portfolio, we're looking at it through both angles because the beauty of this is that we're seeing growth on both sides. For example, last NFL season, NFL on CBS was up 5% year-over-year and the streaming audience on Paramount+ is up more than 50%. So we're seeing growth for our affiliates and we're seeing growth in streaming.
Operator: Next question comes from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley.
Ben Swinburne: Naveen, could you tell us a little bit about how you're thinking about free cash flow second half of the year and kind of where you think leverage might end at year-end, to the extent you can share that with us? And then, I think one of the areas that you guys have talked about kind of re-evaluating or evaluating are your international streaming plans. And I know you mentioned the changes in South Korea. But what's the update there? Do you guys see an opportunity to kind of optimize this business outside the United States and maybe improve the profitability or reduce the losses there? Just would be interested in an update on that front as well.
Naveen Chopra: Yes. So Ben, I'll take the first part of your question on cash flow and then I'll turn it over to Chris to comment on our thoughts on international streaming. I think the cash flow answer is actually pretty straightforward. We said at the beginning of the year that our plan was to deliver growth in free cash flow in '24, alongside significant growth in OIBDA -- adjusted OIBDA. And I continue to see the year playing out that well -- excuse me, playing out that way. So, no real change to our expectations. Chris?
Chris McCarthy: Thanks, Naveen. Ben, listen, today, we have a global footprint with Paramount+ and Pluto. And moving forward, we continue -- we expect to have -- or we plan to have, excuse me, a global footprint. Now how that footprint looks may change. We're going to be very opportunistic about exploring all of our options here. The overwhelming majority of the economics are going to be driven out of the U.S. market as they are today in the content space. And so we want to be -- take a thoughtful approach about how we look at each market internationally. Now that can come in the form of strategic partnerships with maybe platforms who already have a great, tremendous amount of reach and a platform, in which case, we'll be reducing our cost by not having to have our own platform. Or they could come in the form of a joint venture with one or more SVOD players, in which case, we could get greater scale and increase long-term value and drive greater profits. So we have lots of interest from many different partners in this area and we're exploring all of that. And we look forward to updating you as we progress.
Operator: Next question comes from Rich Greenfield from LightShed Partners.
Richard Greenfield: I got a couple. First, just from a very high level, I think you've all talked about the $500 million being inclusive of the $2 billion from Skydance. Skydance is a pretty small company in the scheme of the media world. Could you help us understand what of the $2 billion couldn't you accomplish without Skydance, meaning could the $500 million be more like $1.5 billion on your own? Just trying to understand the difference between those 2 cost-cutting numbers. And then on the Charter agreement that you referenced, you're going to obviously now be giving Paramount+ to, I think, about 9 million to 10 million Charter's video subscribers. Do you actually shift the allocation, meaning if I think about how you account for this between your various divisions, is there now a reduction in how much affiliate revenue is going to the linear networks with a commensurate allocation of dollars to Paramount+? I'm just trying to understand as you turn this on to those subscribers. And then just a housekeeping point, I think you mentioned, is it only Charter's or subs that activate that you get -- that are counted? Or does every subscriber get Paramount+ and is treated as a subscriber on Paramount's books?
Naveen Chopra: Rich, it's Naveen. I'll try to touch on all of those. So starting with your question on cost savings, as you pointed out, we're moving forward on $500 million of cost savings. But I think it's important to understand that that's sort of step one. We are also working on a variety of other cost reduction plans that are part of our long-term plan. Those are significant. They're material. They won't all happen necessarily at the same point in time. And they go beyond headcount. We've made -- most of the $500 million savings that you'll see in the near term is head count related but we do think that there are opportunities to significantly reduce costs in other areas as well. And those plans, I think, have helped inform a number of the ideas that comprise the $2 billion that Skydance has referenced. With respect to your question on the Charter deal, sort of in reverse order, the way that this works is, yes, subscribers who activate that benefit, if you will, meaning they associate their Charter account with a set of P+ credentials, those are subs that we will count as Paramount+ subscribers. And if someone does not activate them, they don't count as a sub. And when they do activate, then we start to allocate a certain amount of the fees that we receive from Charter to P+. What you'll see in our externally reported financials as a result of that is that the revenue from deals like Charter, where we're providing Paramount credentials in a bundle, will be split or be shared between the TV Media segment and the D2C segment.
Operator: The next question comes from John Hodulik from UBS.
John Hodulik: Just a follow-up to Richard's question. Just anything you could tell us about -- and maybe it doesn't matter anymore because it's all blended together but just the linear pricing you got on the Charter side, on the Charter deal? And then I guess from a D2C standpoint, the subscribers have to activate for you guys to get paid. But number one, are you guys going to sort of market the service? Or what can you do to sort of drive penetration within those Charter sub base? And then do they -- is there an engagement or sort of consumption issue as well? Once they activate once, then you sort of get paid going forward. Just any color? I'm just trying to get a sense of really what the overall economics of that deal are.
Naveen Chopra: Yes, sure, John. It's Naveen again. Let me try to clarify that a little bit. I think it may be helpful to remember that the way that we structure our deals with distributors and I'm not going to get into any specific deal, is with a focus on total company economics. That used to be largely about cable and broadcast and premium linear networks. Now it includes all of those things plus, obviously, Paramount+. And so independent of how those things may be delineated for contractual purposes, for our financial reporting, we allocate those fees between, as I said earlier, our TV Media segment and our D2C segment. So the revenue that we receive is not contingent on whether somebody activates or not. It's all part of the overall economics of our arrangement with the distributor.
Operator: The next question comes from Steven Cahall from Wells Fargo.
Steven Cahall: So Naveen, just a few more on Paramount+ profitability. Can you talk about the value of content that you expect on Paramount+ this year from an amortization perspective, especially as you move into the back half of the year when it's a little heavier? And with the guidance you have for next year, how much do you think that content value is going to grow in '25? And just a housekeeping one on it. You said you'll be profitable for Paramount+ in 2025. Is that different from -- for 2025 [ph] as in a positive number for the full year? And then also, George, CBS affiliates, some out there have been indicating that reverse comp fees should really start to moderate or even decline because of the shift to streaming with things like Paramount+. How do you think about those station affiliate relationships and what their fair cost is of CBS national programming? I think a lot of TV station margins are a lot higher than the CBS networks margin. So I'm just wondering about what you think is a fair way to share those economics, especially as the company is entering into this cost cutting and more cash-generative mode that you all talked about.
Naveen Chopra: Yes. Steve, it's Naveen. I'll start on the first part and then hand it to George to address the second part. So in terms of content expense on Paramount+, a few things to keep in mind. So number one, obviously, 2024 is going to look sort of different on a year-over-year basis relative to '23 just given that it was a highly strike impacted year in '23 and we're going to have more content in the back half of '24 than we did last year. Also remember that there is seasonality in our content expense. So one of the reasons that Paramount+ was profitable -- excuse me, the D2C segment was profitable in Q2 was because it was a lighter quarter in terms of content. In particular, we don't have as much sports expense in the quarter as we do in the back half of the year. And that, frankly, is one of the reasons why the main goal we're focused on and this relates to the other part of your question, is driving domestic profitability for Paramount+ in 2025 which is intended to be a full year goal. And I think that is obviously the more important measure of profitability, is making sure that the business is profitable not just in a particular quarter but on a full year basis. George?
George Cheeks: Sure. So Steve, we're keenly aware of the changing industry dynamics and the challenges that our affiliates are facing. Now our role as a network in this partnership is to provide best-in-class content with maximum reach. And this means we've got to continue to invest in producing hit shows, our news programming and investing in sports rights. Now in terms of the fair value, the fair value is really determined by the strength of our content offering. And the good news here is that CBS is delivering on all fronts. I mean we're number 1 in prime, number 1 in daytime, number 1 in late night. We have an incredible sports portfolio led by the NFL but including college football, NCAA and golf. So again, our job is to make sure that we're providing best-in-class content for our affiliates to justify the content fees that we charge them.
Jaime Morris: Thanks, Steve. Operator, we have time for one last question.
Operator: The last question comes from Bryan Kraft from Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Kraft: I had two, if I could. Just first, how is the company approaching licensing Paramount's content to third parties relative to the prior regime? And related, I know Naveen talked about the outlook for the rest of this year for licensing and I realize there are a lot of moving pieces with the strikes. But the question is whether you think after 2024 licensing will still be a growth driver for the company. And then the second one is just I was wondering if -- you talked a bit about the importance of sports. Would you be interested in -- or will you pursue additional sports rights that might be coming up for renewal over the next couple of years that you don't currently have in this interim period before the merger closes? Or is that something that would be revisited kind of post-merger?
Brian Robbins: Sure, Bryan. This is Brian. I'll take the first part of the question. For us, licensing is not either/or. It's actually more. It's about driving more revenue, more reach and more relevance for our content. But first and foremost, I think we're focused on maximizing the first-run value of our content on our owned and operated platforms and channels, whether that's through advertising, affiliate or subscription revenues. And then, of course, windowing is key and it always has been key. And we will still continue to license our content to third-party platforms. And fortunately for us, our content is in demand. It's in demand from consumers and it's in demand from other platforms. And we believe that not only do we drive more revenue by licensing to third-party platforms but it also increases the demand of that content on our own platforms by opening it up to new eyeballs on other people's platforms and then driving back to our own. So we will continue to license. We're very focused on creating the greatest opportunity while continuing to control our IP. And there's always going to be timing dynamics that are reflected in performance but given the power of our content and IP, long term, licensing is a compelling business for us.
George Cheeks: And this is George then on the -- on your sports question, Bryan. So first of all, I would say we feel really, really good about our current sports portfolio. We've got our core marquee franchises. But that being said, we'll always be opportunistic. In fact, we recently closed 2 soccer deals with EFL and Serie A. So we will always be open in the market but we're going to always take this disciplined approach and make sure that our goal is to ensure that we're giving the right sports portfolio for both broadcast and for streaming.
Chris McCarthy: Thanks, George. And this is Chris. I'm going to close it out. And on behalf of my fellow co-CEOs, we'd like to thank you for joining us for our call today. As you can see from our results, we're off to a very strong start in the first half of the year, executing well against our strategic plan. We continue to deliver some of the biggest, broadest hit TV series and blockbuster films with a high hit ratio. And our performance this quarter reflects the power of that content and the actions that we've taken to strengthen the company. Now looking ahead, we're clear-eyed about the additional work that needs to happen and we are confident we will deliver. We look forward to updating on our progress. Thank you everyone for joining us and have a good evening.
Operator: Thank you everyone. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-29 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Harry, and I'll be your conference operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to Paramount Global's Q1 2024 Earnings Conference Call. 
 At this time, I would now like to turn the call over to Jaime Morris, Paramount Global's EVP, Investor Relations. You may now begin your conference call. 
Jaime Morris: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for taking the time to join us for our first quarter 2024 earnings call. Joining me for today's discussion is Naveen Chopra, our CFO; and to make some brief introductory remarks on behalf of our new Office of the CEO, we have also have George Cheeks, Chris McCarthy and Brian Robbins.  
 Before we start, please note that in addition to our earnings release, we have trending schedules containing supplemental information available on our website. Also, I want to remind you that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in more detail on our filings with the SEC. Some of today's financial remarks will focus on adjusted results.  
 Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release or in our trending schedules, which contains supplemental information. And in each case, these can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. 
 I also want to note that we will not be taking questions following our prepared remarks. The main purpose of today's call is to provide you with the information regarding our first quarter 2024 performance.  
 Now I will turn the call over to George. 
George Cheeks: Thanks, Jaime. First, we want to thank Bob for his many years of leadership and steadfast support for all Paramount Global businesses, brands and people. Now Chris, Brian and I want to speak briefly on our partnership, our excitement about this collaboration and what we're addressing is our first order of business.
 Let me start by saying that Paramount Global has the greatest content in the world. That is the most important point. We've got incredible assets at this company, both in what we produce and the amazing people who make it all possible. Everything will build from that.  
 And now over to Chris. 
Chris McCarthy: Thank you, George. And just as important is the fact that we've all worked together collaboratively for years and have known each other for decades. It's a true partnership. We have a deep respect for one another, and we're going to lead and manage this company together. 
 On that note, we're finalizing a long-term strategic plan to best position the stored company to reach new and greater heights in our rapidly changing world. The plan is focused on 3 pillars: first, make the most of our hit content; second, strengthen our balance sheet; and third, optimize our streaming strategy.  
 And now here's Brian. 
Brian Robbins: Thank you, Chris. George, Chris and I have been collaborating with each other for years. transforming our businesses and most importantly, making hit films and television, which is the core of Paramount Global. Each of us has deep industry knowledge, relationships and experience as business leaders and creative executives. We will bring all of that to bear as we chart a course forward for our company. We look forward to coming back to you in short order to share our plan and discussing it all in detail at that time.
 Thank you, and now here's Naveen. 
Naveen Chopra: Thank you, Brian, and good afternoon, everyone. In Q1, we generated significant growth in earnings and free cash flow and improved our balance sheet.  
 Paramount delivered total company revenue growth of 6% to $7.7 billion. Adjusted OIBDA grew 80% to $987 million, reflecting improvements across all 3 of our business segments. Our direct-to-consumer business delivered healthy top line growth and improved operating leverage. TV Media operating margins expanded year-over-year and Filmed Entertainment adjusted OIBDA improved by nearly $100 million versus the year ago period. 
 As always, you'll find a comprehensive review of our financial results in our press release, but I'd like to focus on a few areas of note.  
 Starting with advertising, which was a highlight in the quarter. Total company advertising grew 17%, benefiting from Super Bowl LVIII, which contributed 22 percentage points to the growth rate. The game broke records across CBS, Paramount+ and Nickelodeon, a great example of the power of our multi-platform offering.  
 TV Media advertising grew 14% in the quarter, including a 23 percentage point contribution from the Super Bowl. Sports continue to over deliver with the NFL playoffs and NCAA college basketball contributing to growth in the quarter.  
 Direct-to-consumer advertising grew 31%, driven by growth from Pluto TV and Paramount+, including the benefit of the Super Bowl. Beyond the Super Bowl impact on engagement, revenue growth reflects a combination of increased sell-through and higher CPMs.  
 Next, total company affiliate and subscription revenue, which grew 6% in Q1. In TV Media, affiliate revenue declined 3% year-over-year, reflecting overall Pay-TV ecosystem declines, partially offset by pricing. D2C subscription revenue, on the other hand, grew 22% in the quarter, anchored by greater than 50% growth in Paramount+ subscription revenue. Paramount+ added 3.7 million subscribers in the quarter, reaching a total of $71.2 million. Subscriber growth benefited from the NFL and the Super Bowl.  
 And finally, on the D2C segment, revenue grew 24% year-over-year in Q1, led by 51% growth in Paramount+ revenue and 26% global ARPU expansion. ARPU growth reflects a full quarter of our domestic price increase and the addition of international subscribers in higher ARPU markets. Domestic ARPU was negatively impacted by lower-than-expected engagement due to the lagging effect of last year's strikes, which constrained the availability of new programming.  
 D2C adjusted OIBDA improved 44% year-over-year, led by improvement in Paramount+ domestic profitability. Healthy revenue growth and a disciplined focus on cost drove improved leverage in content, marketing and other overhead costs, which all decreased as a percentage of revenue relative to the prior year.  
 I'd also like to share some important notes regarding our balance sheet. In Q1, we delivered $209 million of free cash flow, an improvement of over $750 million versus a year ago. We also remain focused on reducing leverage, which improved 3/4 of a turn to 4.3x, benefiting from growth in adjusted OIBDA.
 Additionally, last month, we entered into an agreement with Reliance Industries to sell our equity interest in Viacom18 for approximately $500 million based on current exchange rates. The after-tax proceeds will further benefit leverage when the transaction closes at the end of 2024 or early in 2025, subject to regulatory approval. 
 Selling our stake in Viacom18 provided an opportunity to exit our ownership position with an attractive financial return on our investment while preserving our ability to monetize our content in India through ongoing licensing arrangements.
 And lastly, on April 1, we paid the last dividend on our mandatory convertible preferred stock, which converted to 11.5 million Class B common shares on the same day. Going forward, our cash dividend payment will be reduced by about $55 million on an annual basis as a result of the conversion.  
 In closing, we are proud of our first quarter results. Although the operating environment continues to be dynamic, we remain focused on execution. 
 And on a final note, I'd like to take a moment to thank Bob for his leadership of the company through a period of immense change for us and the industry. Not only did Bob help navigate a number of challenges, but I'm proud of all we've accomplished and it's been my privilege working together with him. 
 I'm also looking forward to working closely with George, Brian and Chris who will be stepping in to lead the office of the CEO. They are long-standing seasoned executives with deep expertise across their businesses and are well positioned to guide the next chapter of Paramount.  
 With that, we'll conclude our first quarter earnings call. Thank you for joining us.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-28 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Nadia, and I'll be the conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Paramount Global's Q4 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there'll be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Jaime Morris, Paramount Global's EVP, Investor Relations. You may now begin your conference call.
Jaime Morris: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for taking the time to join us for our fourth quarter 2023 earnings call. Joining me for today's discussion are Bob Bakish, our President and CEO; and Naveen Chopra, our CFO. Please note that in addition to our earnings release, we have trending schedules containing supplemental information available on our website. Before we start this afternoon, I want to remind you that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in more detail in our filings with the SEC. Some of today's financial remarks will focus on adjusted results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release or in our trending schedules, which contain supplemental information and in each case can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Now, I will turn the call over to, Bob.
Robert M. Bakish: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. There's no question that 2023 was a dynamic and in many ways challenging year in our industry. We saw two labor strikes, a tough macroeconomic environment and continued evolution in the media industry. But we stayed focused on a disciplined execution aligned with our strategy, adapting as needed. In doing so, we position Paramount Global to deliver significant growth in total company earnings and growth in free cash flow in 2024. On today's call, I'd like to spend a few minutes speaking to our 23 accomplishments. Then I'll provide more color on our 24 priorities, before handing it over to Naveen for a deeper dive on the financials. With that, let's start with 23, a year where our content clearly continued to deliver, driving every platform. In fact, Paramount had the number one show on all of television and the number one broadcast network for the 22, 23 season, not to mention five Number 1 debuts at the domestic box office. And very importantly, we continue to scale streaming with Paramount+ and Pluto TV. Subscribers and MAUs grew nicely. In 2023, audiences spent nearly 40% more hours on our streaming platforms compared to 2022, which when combined with our mid-year Paramount+ domestic price increase delivered 37% D2C revenue growth. The disciplined execution of our strategy, including the integration of Showtime into Paramount+ led to a reduction in full-year D2C losses, and meant we had peak streaming losses in 2022, a year ahead of schedule, with further significant improvement expected in 2024. Disciplined execution has been a theme across the entire company to deliver both impact and efficiency. And that obviously extends to managing our cost base as we continue to streamline the organization. That brings me to the year ahead, where we're focused on returning the company to sustainable profitable growth in 2024 and beyond. And know that, regardless of current market sentiment, we're convinced that the value of our assets today, combined with the execution of our strategy as we move forward, represents a significant value creation opportunity, and we are dedicated to unlocking that value. To do so, we will focus on three key priorities. First, we will continue to lean into content with the biggest impact. Second, we're laser focused on driving the direct-to-consumer profitability. And third, we'll continue to unlock synergies across the company. Naveen and I will unpack these further. Let's start at the core, our content. As we say, Popular is Paramount. We create hits that the whole household, country and whole world love to watch, and that our partners need. That's the heart of our business. And in doing so, we've proven we can prioritize efficiency, while still achieving viewership and revenue goals. As we've discussed in previous quarters, we continue to sharpen our ability to maximize our return on content investment, which informs how we approach our content, programming and windowing. As we move into 2024, we're focused on producing content more efficiently and magnifying the impact of our slate. And, let me give you some examples to illustrate this. In the film segment, we're improving ROI by lowering the average cost per title. This by balancing high budget tentpoles with more modest cost titles, like Mean Girls and Bob Marley: One Love, improving the financial return on the overall slate, and we're off to an excellent start on this. In TV Media, at CBS, we have an increasingly efficient and targeted development process. We prioritize lower cost formats like unscripted and those shot abroad, while maintaining our strength in franchises. NCIS, one of the world's most watched shows and one that has been licensed in over 200 markets worldwide is a great example of this. The latest iteration, NCIS: Sydney was produced in Australia at a much more efficient price point and was the most watched new show this season on any network in the U.S. until February's debut of Tracker, also on CBS. And we are excited to announce today that the NCIS franchise will expand further with the first original for Paramount+ U.S. expected later this year. By the way, you will see us leaning even further into offshore production for our global franchises, including the upcoming London installment of Billions, the new Ray Donovan origin story with The Donovans, as well as new series like The Department from George Clooney. This benefits both TV Media and D2C. Finally, we're focused on magnifying the impact of our content, including through our combination of best-in-class sports and entertainment here in the U.S. Look no further than Super Bowl 58, a blockbuster event, one that capped off a record breaking NFL season. The game broke almost every record imaginable, most watched telecast in television history, most streamed Super Bowl ever, the first alternate telecast with Nickelodeon and a new high watermark for gross ad sales. The Super Bowl is the clear benchmark of the power of sports. But for us, it is more than that, because we know that Paramount+ subscribers who come into the service for live sports will ultimately spend nearly 90% of their viewing hours on non-sports content. Think about that as a nine times sports multiplier. That's the power of an integrated sports and entertainment strategy, which is why we use the Super Bowl, one of the world's biggest stages to showcase a whole range of our content with highly engaged fans, including launching the new CBS schedule and promoting our upcoming film slate. The results speak for themselves, with Bob Marley: One Love recently crossing an incredible 120 million worldwide after only 12 days at the box office. And viewership for the CBS slate got off to a turbocharged start with audiences jumping 32% over last year on the network and 83% on streaming. Magnifying content extends well beyond the Super Bowl and leverages our entire ecosystem, like how we use CBS to drive new audiences to Yellowstone, or we brought 1883, a Paramount+ original, to new audiences on linear cable as a second window, among other things, making 1883 the most watched new series on cable last year. And looking ahead, we're excited to add the first season of Tulsa King to the CBS slate, ahead of its Season 2 premiere on Paramount+ in the third quarter. So, that's where we are and where we're going with our content. And that brings me to our second related priority, driving to D2C profitability. Here, we have already made meaningful progress. In 2020, our D2C revenue was $1.8 billion. In 2023, that number is $6.7 billion. Scaled revenue matters. And as I've said, we passed pre-streaming losses a year ahead of schedule. Perhaps more important, I'm pleased to say that we now expect Paramount+ to reach domestic profitability in 2025, a significant and exciting milestone in the company's transformation. While Naveen will get into more detail, I want to preview the two parts of the story, domestic and international. Domestically, increases in engagement, reduction in churn and continue to add monetization as well as the flow through impact of last year's subscription price increase will continue to drive revenue growth, all of which will be done on a more efficient slate. Add to that, the benefits of the Showtime Paramount+ integration, all driving meaningful D2C earnings improvement, as we continue to gain operating leverage in the model. Internationally, it's become unquestionably clear that Hollywood hits are the biggest draw for our audiences and partners around the world, which means there's a clear opportunity to lean into our CBS slate, Paramount+ Originals and Paramount Films, while slowing spend on local content and associated marketing, though the specific execution of this will vary by individual market as one size does not fit all. Of course, we also recognize that sustainable growth requires the continued transformation of our cost base, which leads me to our third priority, unlocking synergies across Paramount. There was a lot of collective power behind Paramount Global, and we're unlocking that by aligning our assets to increase impact and drive greater efficiencies. On the efficiencies front, we'll continue streamlining the business to transform our cost base, which Naveen will discuss in more detail shortly. At the same time, we're excited about the potential to unlock more impact from this company across content, marketing, partnerships and more. And speaking of partnerships, advertising is a great example of where we're working to capture the power of One Paramount. Yes, the ad market was challenging in 2023 and still isn't exactly where we want it to be. But we're encouraged by some signs of stabilization, including healthy scatter premiums. At the market level, many people are talking about increased supply and competition in the digital ad space. But what's not being discussed enough is the opportunity to grow the demand side of the equation, which is a big focus of ours. In addition to our focus on tapping into small and medium business budgets, something that historically was not accessible at the national TV level, we're now excited about being able to go toe-to-toe in bringing retail media to Connected TV, where we can incorporate purchase data from large scale retailers to target and measure the impact of media investment on business outcomes. This is fundamentally reshaping the marketing landscape, drawing budgets to Connected TV previously reserved for other formats like those associated with consumer and trade promotion as well as social media. Because CTV is not just the top of the funnel awareness generator like its linear predecessor, it is also a one-to-one vehicle that can deliver the full funnel to the living room, expanding the use case and addressable market for Paramount Advertising. We're testing these capabilities with Paramount+ and Pluto. In fact, we're now partnering with Walmart Connect to bring the power of their data to streaming. And the early results show this combination significantly enhances ad effectiveness. We're excited about the potential of the opportunity, and more importantly, clients are too. And stepping back, I'd note that we love our multifaceted partnership with Walmart, a partnership that continues to evolve and grow, including by adding Paramount+ subscribers and improving viewer engagement through our Walmart Plus relationship. In closing, these three priorities, maximizing our content, driving the D2C profitability and unlocking Paramount synergies give us a clear roadmap. They balance revenue growth and cost management, all while demonstrating the power and efficiency of our content engine. And speaking of that content engine, I can't help but highlight the incredible momentum we have as we kick off 2024. That includes the Golden Globes up over 50%, the Grammys with their largest audience since 2020, a Super Bowl that was record breaking on every level. The hugely successful debut of the new CBS slate, where multi-platform viewership across broadcast and streaming soared double-digits. The return of Jon Stewart to the Daily Show, which is driving ratings, revenue, streams and the cultural conversation, and our two-for-two start at the domestic box office, with both Mean Girls and Bob Marley opening Number 1, significantly exceeding Box Office expectations and both soon to be hits on Paramount+. All of that in just the last eight weeks. With that, I'll hand it over to Naveen. Thank you.
Naveen Chopra: Thank you, Bob. Good afternoon, everyone. As Bob mentioned, our full-year 2023 results reflect a year of continued execution. In my comments today, I'll provide insights on key elements of our Q4 results. Additionally, I'll discuss how we're making notable progress in scaling our D2C business, which will result in significant earnings growth for the company in 2024 and drive Paramount+ to reach domestic profitability in 2025. Let's begin with our Q4 results. Paramount delivered total company revenue of $7.6 billion and adjusted OIBDA of $520 million. Despite navigating a variety of challenges posed by the strikes, we were able to deliver strong performance in our direct-to-consumer business and stable operating margins in TV Media. As always, you'll find a comprehensive review of our financial results in our press release. Let me walk you through a few areas of note, starting with advertising. In Q4, direct-to-consumer advertising delivered strong growth of 14%, benefiting from a 27% increase in total viewing hours across Paramount+ and Pluto TV. This viewership is monetized through our IQ platform, already one of the largest premium digital video advertising platforms in the United States, and its value continues to grow as engagement expands and as we evolve our digital advertising capabilities to attract new sources of demand. In linear advertising, we saw strong demand in sports due to a record NFL season and incremental Big 10 inventory. Other components of linear advertising were negatively impacted by the strikes, a decline in political spend and unfavorable FX. On a total company basis, advertising declined 11% in the quarter, including a 400 basis point headwind from the decline in political advertising. Looking forward, as Bob mentioned, we're seeing some signs of stabilization in the ad market, including healthy scatter premiums. And based on what we've seen to date, we expect to report low to mid-teens advertising growth in Q1, including the benefit of the Super Bowl. Next, let me turn to affiliate and subscription revenue, which grew 13% in Q4. As I've often noted, growth in total affiliate and subscription revenue illustrates that our multi-platform strategy, combining traditional and streaming, yields net growth for our business. In TV media, affiliate revenue declined 1%, reflecting a continuation of the trends we saw in the first three quarters of 2023. D2C subscription revenue, on the other hand, grew 43% in the quarter. And that's in large part due to the impressive momentum at Paramount+, where subscription revenue increased nearly 80%, thanks to subscriber growth and global ARPU expansion. Paramount+ continues to reach new audiences, adding 4.1 million subscribers in Q4 for a cumulative total of 67.5 million subscribers globally. Additionally, ARPU for the quarter grew 31% over the prior year, reflecting a full quarter of our domestic price increase and the addition of international subscribers in higher ARPU markets. Q4 also benefited from strong performance of our Paramount+ with Showtime tier. The expanded content offering on our premium tier led to an increase in hours of engagement per subscriber. Monthly churn for these subscribers also improved both quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year, and we're seeing higher than expected cost synergies from the combination. In fact, Q4 marked the third consecutive quarter of year-over-year improvement in D2C OIBDA. And on a full-year basis, we grew Paramount+ revenue over 60% in 2023, while content marketing and other expenses grew at a significantly lower rate. Said differently, as we approach the third anniversary of the domestic launch of Paramount+, we're capturing operating leverage in streaming faster than expected, and we intend to build on that momentum. Paramount+'s value proposition is strong, cornerstone, original and library content and top tier movies and sports in an integrated package. This proposition allows us to continue to grow subscribers and drive revenue by deepening engagement, improving retention and increasing monetization. And we continue to believe that the key to deeper engagement and retention is savvy programming execution and a stable volume of original content. It's about smartly combining acquisition drivers like the NFL, blockbuster films and our slate of hit Paramount+ Originals with lower cost library and affinity program. This strategy proved effective in 2023, where average monthly viewing hours per domestic sub grew 8% and helped us implement a price increase while also reducing average monthly churn by 70 basis points. Outside the United States, we are similarly honing our Paramount+ strategy by leaning into our global slate and identifying markets where we can slow investment in local streaming content and marketing. We've learned that Paramount+ subscribers outside the United States spend nearly 90% of their time with our global Hollywood hits, meaning we can keep them engaged while rightsizing our investment in content that does not travel around the world. In some cases, this change will result in slower international subscriber growth. But given what we now know about viewing behavior in certain international markets, we're confident the shift will be highly accretive to our D2C P&L. Domestically and abroad, we are finding ways to enhance engagement, reduce the cost per hour of viewing and unlock greater marketing efficiency. By executing on these initiatives, we expect Paramount+ to deliver more than 20% global ARPU improvement in 2024, while programming expense will grow at a significantly lower rate. Ultimately, the ability to drive deeper engagement and ARPU growth, while slowing the rate of growth in content expense, is the path to profitability in streaming. In addition to improving the profitability of streaming, we remain committed to optimizing the cost structure in other parts of our business. Programming for our TV Media segment is the single biggest line item in our expense base, so it deserves particular focus. As you've heard, 2023 presented an opportunity to experiment with alternative lower cost entertainment programming across our linear networks. The performance we saw gives us confidence we can continue to reduce costs going forward while also delivering a consistent volume of high-quality content. And that's enabled by lower production costs, evolving format mix and optimizing and sharing content across linear and streaming. As Bob noted, we're also focused on using the collective power of Paramount Global to unlock synergies more broadly. This mindset enables headcount cost reductions, including the action we announced earlier this month, which eliminated nearly 750 domestic positions or about 5% of our domestic employees and represents approximately $200 million in annualized run rate cost savings, the majority of which will benefit TV Media and corporate expenses. And, we will continue to optimize our compensation expenses throughout the course of 2024. As you now heard, we're making a variety of important changes to our global workforce and content strategy. These moves reflect decisions we've made to transition our business and enhance our future value proposition. They will also result in a programming and restructuring charge in Q1, which we currently expect to be approximately $1 billion. I'll close by sharing some guidance on how all this translates to our financial expectations for the current year. As you've now heard, we're executing against numerous initiatives designed to not only navigate ongoing ecosystem changes, but also build operating leverage in our streaming business. This means significant OIBDA growth in 2024, largely driven by improvements to our D2C P&L, which also position Paramount+ to reach domestic profitability in 2025, a significant milestone in our streaming journey. In addition, we're highly focused on continuing to reduce balance sheet leverage. We finished 2023 with an approximately half turn reduction in net leverage relative to Q3, following the sale of Simon and Schuster. Leverage in 2024 will benefit from material OIBDA growth and positive free cash flow. In fact, we expect free cash flow to grow in 2024 versus 2023, despite an increase in cash content spend as we restart production that was impacted by the strikes. Despite a dynamic environment, our commitment to shareholder value remains paramount. We have conviction that the value of our assets today and even more so with the benefit of strong ongoing execution represents a significant value creation opportunity. And as Bob said, we are dedicated to unlocking that value. With that, operator, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today goes to Bryan Kraft of Deutsche Bank. Bryan, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Bryan Kraft: Hi, good afternoon. I had a couple. I guess, would you talk about the content slate for TV and streaming this year on the TV side? Or are you shifting programming originally slated for the fall and to the first half of the year and therefore going to have higher than normal programming costs in the first half of the year at Super Bowl? Or should we expect a more normal level of programming costs for TV in the first half? And then on the streaming side, how would you compare the strength of this year's slate to last year's? And what are some of the more important titles that you think will drive customer acquisition for Paramount+? And then, it would be really helpful if you could give us a sense of the mix between domestic and international Paramount+ subscribers at this point, as well as where most of the growth came from in 2023? And any color just on your expectations for sub growth this year, in total and anything on mix would be helpful. And then just the last one was just, if you could give us any sense for where the relative ARPUs are for domestic and international now, that'd be great? Thank you.
Robert M. Bakish: Yes, sure, Bryan. This is Bob. I'll take the sort of the first part of that with the content and let Naveen take the second part on what I'll call the metrics. So, with respect to content, Paramount, as you know, has a robust content engine and look it's really been delivering. And, now that we're through the strikes, it's again in full operation. On the TV Media side, we commented on the CBS slate earlier. Obviously, that was a delayed launch, but we're up and running now. And we will run a shorter slate in terms of number of episodes, but I want to highlight just how strong it is. We had the top 16 shows, all of the top 16 in the first week and we had 18 in the top 20. And that's really stunning for one network. So, feeling really great about where CBS is. And we will have a traditional fall slate launching again in the fall. So, that's CBS. In terms of the cable side, also have a whole set of programming coming there, things like Yellowstone and the new Yellowstone, call it Yellowstone 2024 for now coming to Paramount Network in the fall, a bunch of animation coming to Comedy Central, plus Jon Stewart by the way, which is Episode 3 this week continues to grow nicely, that whole set of programming with MTV, etcetera. Moving to streaming, we feel very good about the first half. Now the first half, we are still dealing with some strike delays with respect to content. So, we've been a bit creative. But if you look at the first quarter, obviously, you had the NFL and the Super Bowl, that's performed very well for us. The CBS slate, I talked about that. Also Halo, the Mean Girls movie, we're back in the UEFA business and we got March Madness. So Q1 looks good. Q2, add the Masters, the Bob Marley movie, Star Trek: Discovery, The Challenge: All Stars, the reality show originally from MTV, now broader, Dora, Sonic spin out called Knuckles, the return of The Chi. And then once we get into the back half of the year, we're really finally operating at full strength and frankly, it's chock full. Things like Mayor of Kingstown season 3, a new Ninja Turtles series, SEAL Team, Tulsa King, Special Ops, Frasier, The Chi for season 7, The Donovans, which we announced today, a spin-off of Ray Donovan, another Taylor series, Landman with Billy Bob Thornton, Jon Hamm and Demi Moore, plus of course the NFL and Big 10 come back. So we're feeling very good about Paramount+ and frankly, linear from a content perspective. Naveen?
Naveen Chopra: Yes. Thanks. So Bryan, I'll try to give you a little insight on streaming subs. So, maybe just starting with Q4, as you saw, we added 4.1 million subs to Paramount+ in the quarter. I think it's fair to characterize that growth as being relatively balanced as between domestic subs and international subs. On the domestic side, I think the content slate performed really well despite, obviously, some strike impact. I think that speaks to the benefit of having a balanced sports and entertainment portfolio. So that worked well for us. We also saw some nice performance in the quarter from partnerships like what we do with Walmart and the bundle with Walmart+. And then on the international side, we launched a new hard bundle with JCom in Japan. So that obviously contributed to sub growth. In terms of what we're seeing this year, 2024 sub expectations, I do think sub growth in 2024 will be lower than 2023. Though importantly, I'd point out we do still expect very healthy Paramount+ revenue growth. And of course, revenue is the more important metric than subs. But just to give you a little color behind my comment on the sub trends themselves, there are a number of factors at play. First, you got the Super Bowl. We were very excited about the magnitude of starts that we saw from the Super Bowl. I think it's a little early to assess exactly what that means in terms of how many we retained. Obviously, you do have high churn on an event like that. But we're encouraged by what we've seen thus far. The content slate, because of the strike, as you heard Bob describe, is a little bit back half loaded and so that kind of affects the timing of subs coming on. And then international, which as you heard in our prepared remarks, we've made a number of changes. We talked about dialing back on local content and marketing. That has some impact on subs. We'll also likely be exiting some hard bundle relationships where, quite frankly, the economics just weren't that compelling. And that can probably represent a loss of a couple million subs, if you will. But in both of those cases, while it impacts subs, doesn't have a material impact on revenue or EBITDA. And so that's why, as I said, there's a little bit of noise in the sub trends, but feeling very good about the revenue growth trend on Paramount+. Oh, and sorry, you had a question on relative ARPU between international and domestic. As you know, we don't disclose specific numbers there, but I can tell you that domestic ARPU continues to be higher than what you see in international. The other thing to keep in mind is that international really has a number of different components to it. So there's territories in Western Europe, for example, where the ARPUs look a little more like they do in the United States. And one of the things that has contributed to overall ARPU growth, both in 2023 and will continue to do so in 2024, is the fact that we'll be seeing more growth in those call it, higher ARPU international markets than what we've seen in the early days of Paramount+.
Jaime Morris: Thanks, Bryan. Operator, next question please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question goes to Michael Morris with Guggenheim Partners. Michael, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Michael Morris: Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. Two topics, one on sports and one on content, if I can. On sports, the sports JV between Disney, Fox and Warner Brothers has been pretty high profile. I'm curious if you can share your thoughts on what you think that means for the competitive marketplace, whether you expect it to impact you and whether it might spur you to look for a partnership yourself. So that's my first question. And then my second on content, as we talk about kind of repopulating the slate, the licensing revenue at the company has been pretty stable until this past year when it came down. I think during the strikes, do you expect it to return to a level that you saw in 2021, 2022? And just one other thing, Bob, when you were talking about windowing, you mentioned, Tulsa King and maybe putting that on linear before you put it on streaming, which seems a little inverted from what we would expect. So did I hear that right? And maybe if you could speak to that strategy a little bit, I would appreciate it. Thank you.
Robert M. Bakish: Yes. Sure, Michael. So starting with the sports topic, look, start with the fact that there's still a lot we don't know about this service, things like price, packaging, consumer appetite. And to the consumer point, for a true sports fan, this product only has a subset of sports. It's missing half the NFL, a lot of college, has virtually no soccer or golf, etcetera. So look, that's hard to believe that's ideal, especially at the price points that have been speculated. In terms of our view on sports, first, we serve true sports fans through our MVPD and virtual MVPD partnership that provides the full complement of sports really year round. And second, we see clear value to an integrated sports payment strategy, true both for CBS and Paramount+ by the way, but if you look at the streaming side, Paramount+, we clearly see consumers watching both. I referenced this 90% factor, i.e., people that come in for sports on Paramount+, 90% of their engagement is with non-sports. So that's a clear opportunity that we're continuing to exploit and we like. And our sports are Marquee, NFL, NCAA, UEFA, those are locked up into the next decade. So we have a real sustainable advantage here. Bottom line, we very much like where we are with respect to sports execution and see the Paramount strategy creating substantial value therein. Let me briefly comment on Tulsa. You missed, Herdie. What we're going to do is we're going to put the 1st season of Tulsa on CBS prior to the second season of Tulsa dropping on Paramount+, really using it as a broad marketing engine. And as you know, we did a variant to that idea with Yellowstone and we really saw continued broadening of the audience. And so we think that's a real opportunity for Tulsa as well, given Stallone, etcetera. And we also think it's attractive from an economic perspective. You want to comment on the licensing thing, Naveen?
Naveen Chopra: Yes, sure. Mike, I think for the most part, your thesis is correct on licensing. We do expect licensing to grow this year. As I flagged in the past, the quarter-to-quarter trends revenue recognition. But given that licensing was impacted by the strike last year, this should be, call it, a more normal year from a licensing perspective. Probably does mean it's a little bit back half loaded because it will take a little time to be able to produce and then deliver all of that content. But in general, we're looking forward to the year. I'd also note that our licensing revenue includes things like studio rentals, which were also impacted by the strikes. That's another place where we get a benefit in 2024 versus 2023.
Jaime Morris: Thanks, Mike. Operator, next question please.
Operator: The next question goes to Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley. Ben, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you. Questions are on Paramount+. Thank you for all the guidance that you laid out in your prepared remarks. Maybe for Naveen, you haven't talked about sort of international versus domestic EBIT or EBITDA in the past. And if there's any way to help us think about what domestic profitability means at the segment level or any way to dimensionalize that disclosure? And then on the $1 billion charge, it sounded like that was programming and restructuring. I just wanted to make sure that was true and if you had any rough sense of relative sizing. And if you could just tell us, is that programming tied to the sort of international strategy shift that you guys have talked about? And then lastly, also in Paramount+, you said programming cost growth at Paramount+ or D2C should be significantly lower than the ARPU growth of over 20%. That's a pretty wide range of outcomes. I was wondering if maybe you could put a finer point on your expectations for Paramount+ programming costs for 24. Thank you.
Robert M. Bakish: Yes. Thanks, Ben. Let me try to hit all those. So first of all, in terms of our comments on Paramount+ profitability and in particular sort of the domestic trend, if you will, versus the linear, I'd say a few things. So first of all, most of the year-over-year improvement in the D2C P&L in 2024 will be driven by the domestic Paramount+ business. That is driven by benefits we talked about, sub growth, ARPU growth to a slightly lesser extent, content efficiencies. While domestic is the bigger contributor, I do also expect to see some pretty material improvement in profitability at Paramount+ International. The drivers there are a little bit different. That's going to be more about the evolving sub mix and what that does to ARPU. I kind of touched on that on the prior question. Along with the benefits that we get from the content and marketing efficiencies related to really leaning into the global content and dialing back on local. There are some significant dollars to be saved there, not just on the content side of it, but on the marketing side as well, because the local stuff typically requires a pretty healthy dose of marketing to get to, call it, sufficient levels of awareness. So I think the international business, we generally think of as being, call it, 12 to 18 months behind the domestic business. We obviously launched outside of the United States later than we did domestically. And we're continuing to optimize that business in the same way we are the domestic side to get it to profitability soon after. So that's the first part of your question, your second question on the $1 billion charge, you're correct that includes programming charges as well as restructuring charges. I think you'll see some of the details around that in the K, but you should assume there's about $200 million of restructuring charge in that number. And the programming piece does include charges related to the changes that we're making in International. And then with respect to your last question on the, call it, trend line of programming costs relative to ARPU, we weren't trying to be cute in the sort of the 20%. You should assume that the growth rate on, I'll say, cash programming for Paramount+ is going to be significantly lower than the growth rate we talked about on ARPU. The Amor piece will be also lower than ARPU, but we'll still see some, call it, slightly abnormal growth because of the unwind from the strike in 2023.
Jaime Morris: Thanks, Ben. Operator, next question please.
Operator: The next question goes to Steven Cahall of Wells Fargo. Steven, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Steven Cahall: Yeah. Thanks. So first, I was wondering if I could just get your comment on, Skinny Bundle and how you're thinking about an industry push towards more Skinny Bundle. Kind of follows on the earlier question about the sports streaming JV. It seems like MVPDs are going to continue to look for this. I think you traditionally, often looked for CBS to be distributed with a lot of your cable networks. I'm wondering if you have any change in thinking in terms of sort of meeting MVPDs or consumers, especially as you have some renewals, I think, coming up this year. And then on the advertising market, I think after Q3, you said that you were seeing some modest improvement in domestic ads. It seems like that in Q4, that didn't quite come through. You seem more positive on stabilization, in the Q1 outlook that you gave. So would love to just, hear about what's changed to cause that and then specifically, anything on Pluto's sequential advertising growth trends as well? Thank you.
Robert M. Bakish: Yes, sure, Steve. So on the Skinny Bundle side, since we brought the companies together, we've obviously been distributing a full package, CBS plus the cable networks, by the way, including streaming products, advanced ad sales, etcetera. We are in some of the Skinny Bundles, if you will, Charter Spectrum Essentials, Sling, etcetera, with a set of cable networks. That is from deals that were done a while ago, which we continue to roll forward. So, it is a piece of the market we participate in. And look, we've seen some nice growth, particularly at Charter, but that's that point. Second, in terms of domestic advertising, look, in terms of the current ad market, strikes and political were clearly a headwind in Q4 and thankfully we're through the strikes and that's behind us. As I indicated in my remarks, we are seeing signs of stabilization, notably healthy scatter premiums. Sports clearly remains a bright spot, NFL, Super Bowl, and I'm thrilled that we have the NCAA and UEFA and Masters as we get into this continue in 2024. And more broadly, we are seeing healthy growth in many categories, including consumer products, quick service restaurants and retail. I'd also say that that's all domestic. The international side was tough last year. We are seeing stabilization there as well, but currency does really remain a headwind. In terms of Pluto, that's really part of our broader digital business, digital ad sales there. I'd start by knowing we have strong trends in digital ad revenue. We were up 14% in the fourth quarter. And while it's true, there's more competition in the connected TV space, that's a $25 billion plus business, a lot of spend out there and we're certainly not standing still. We like our positioning. If you want to take it in pieces, look at content in the eyes of advertisers, content matters and our offering of Hollywood content plus sports, which by the way is true on Pluto 2, Pluto being more of a library service, Paramount+ being first run plus library service. But our content resonates and people like to be in those environments. IQ, which is how we sell our digital product, the combination of Paramount+ and Pluto and some other full episode video. It's one of the industry's largest high quality digital video platforms. So we have real scale to compete there, and that's a very good thing. And third, we're doing a lot of work as we evolve more and more into the performance space, advancing our data and measurement. We talked about a bit in the script, but working with retail media networks, attribution providers to really enhance the bottom of the funnel piece of our offering. We've already talked about what we're doing there with Walmart Connect, combining Walmart first party data with our premium inventory, seeing early benefit there. Beyond that, there are other attribution players in the pipeline that have real scale that includes retailers, credit card providers. So there's more to come there. And you'll really see this all come together in the next upfront. But we continue to be very excited about the digital space in general and positioning Paramount ad sales for success in what is and continues to be an expanding market.
Jaime Morris: Thanks, Steve. Operator, next question please.
Operator: The next question goes to Jessica Reif Ehrlich with Bank of America Securities. Jessica, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you. Couple of things. One, I mean, there's been tons of press on M&A interest. I was wondering if you could maybe talk about how you're thinking about strategic options and what the time frame would be to put this aside or move on. And within that, maybe some bundling options for Paramount+, how are you thinking about that? And then on the restructuring or the charge that you're taking in first quarter, it sounds like you're attacking costs. I'm just wondering is there do you feel like there's more to go? And post the $1 billion charge, how much will the cost base be reduced? And then finally, you do have a big contract coming up in the spring. Can you give us some help in how you're thinking about, if you think about what happened with Disney, if the diginets go away, can you size or help us think about what's the financial impact?
Robert M. Bakish: Yes, sure, Jessica. Let me take the first part of this and Naveen will pick up some of it. So first in terms of M&A, look, at Paramount, we're always looking for ways to create shareholder value. And to be clear, that's for all shareholders. But I'm not going to get into commenting on any speculation or time line, etcetera, but it's obviously something we are focused on. But this call is really about talking business, which goes to your second question, I guess, bundling or options for Paramount+. As you know, we're big believers in bundling. It is one of the tried and true methods of value creation in media. It's certainly the case in streaming. When you think about streaming, the benefits or potential benefits of bundling include, look, it's strengthening your consumer proposition that allows you to drive subscribers, enhance your share, reduce your churn. You get access potentially to an existing subscriber base that lowers or potentially eliminates SAC. As an offset, it does require some form of revenue concession, might be a revenue share, might be wholesale pricing. So it does have an ARPU effect. But if you look at LTV, the result is a clear win. And I'd point out that this is not a conceptual theory for us, we already have substantial experience with the power of bundling and streaming. As you know we have hard bundles internationally with people like Sky, Canal and others. They've been key to our market entry strategy. They are unquestionably additive to our Paramount+ sub base and economics. There's also things like Walmart Plus in the U.S., which is another form of a bundle. That partnership has been incremental to our overall Walmart relationship. It's clearly additive to subs and engagement. And by the way, it's now creating incremental opportunity in ad sales as we expand into retail media. Even Sky Showtime is another version of a bundle, albeit in a joint venture structure That again enhances the consumer proposition and actually allows us to reduce investment levels in a set of markets because it's a combined product we're going at. So net-net, we strongly believe in bundling and the associated value creation opportunity, and we continue to look to incremental opportunities in that regard. Naveen, you want to talk about the restructuring point?
Naveen Chopra: Yes. So look, I think the short answer is that we believe there is continued opportunity to find efficiencies in the business. That's true both on the traditional linear side of the business and on the streaming side. On the streaming side, it's really more about how we grow even more efficiently. And on the linear side, it's really about how we preserve the margins in that business. And you've seen us take a variety of actions, not just the elements that we spoke about today, but over the past few years where we have combined organizations, we've taken out overhead, in some cases, we've leveraged programming across different platforms, and you'll see us continue to do more of all of that going forward. Content is still the single biggest cost item for us, and that's one of the reasons why, as I noted, we're focused on programming our linear nets as efficiently as we can while maintaining a strong volume of high-quality content. And on the streaming side, we're using what we've learned about viewership to really figure out where to place our bets and how to continue to drive engagement without having to significantly increase the amount of cash content spend that we're using for Paramount+. So this is something that we continue to be focused on, and you will see us unlock further efficiencies across the board going forward.
Robert M. Bakish: And then Jessica, in terms of your last question, we don't really comment on individual deals, but I'd ask you to remember three things. First, our content offering is strong. It's really must have in the eyes of U.S. Pay TV consumers. Second, as you know, we have many levers to pull in these distribution deals to address client objectives, linear networks, advanced advertising, streaming products, both free and pay, etcetera. And as you know, objectives vary across companies, so it's important that you can get to, if you will, bespoke solutions. And third, it's allowed us to get all of our deals done. In fact, we've now lapped every client multiple times over my tenure as CEO. So it's a lot to work with there. In terms of a U.S. deal that potentially involves D2C, I'd say the following. It is along the lines of our international hard bundle deals. And as we just said, we like the benefits of that structure, benefits are increased reach, ad monetization opportunity, reduced churn, lower SAC, yes, trade-offs a lower wholesale rate, but net-net, the LTV can be compelling. And again, beyond D2C, there'll be lots of levers to pull in this discussion. And in terms of the carriage question, the reality is these deals represent a combination of factors, so that's not necessarily the way future deals will play out. Net-net, lot to work with, demonstrated ability to get things done, and we're always focused on getting to a win-win solution for a partner, and we'll get there.
Jaime Morris: Operator, we have time for one last question, please.
Operator: The next question goes to Robert Fishman of MoffettNathanson. Robert, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Robert Fishman: Hi. Good afternoon. I have one for Bob and one for Naveen, please. Bob, can you talk more about the potential licensing opportunities? I'm thinking specifically for Paramount+ exclusive original content, to potentially third parties, and your view on keeping that original content and even your bigger library that's already in Paramount+ to yourselves versus looking to monetize that content to help drive upside to cash flows going forward? And then, Naveen, any way to help frame how much the Hollywood strikes benefited either the quarter or the full-year 2023? And then on the related note to the first question, as you think about growing free cash flow in 2024 despite the increase in content spending, just if you can help us think about how much licensing helps drive that growth?
Robert M. Bakish: Yes, sure, Robert. So, start with the fact that we continue to believe building a scaled streaming business is an attractive value creation path. If you think about it historically, networks of which streaming is the next or current iteration have had superior value characteristics relative to studios. They allow more control over monetization, particularly in success. They allow control over marketing and promotion, which importantly allows you to use one hit to build another, think the old concept of lead in. And you have direct connectivity with viewers and that's particularly true in streaming. And I'd remind you that Paramount+ our network really has sustained momentum. It's ahead of time in terms of the past profitability and it is poised for domestic profitability in 2025. That being said, we recognize the inherent value of our content and we know that others do too. And that is optionality we maintain, which we believe has real value because the market for high-quality content, feature films, signature series, kids franchises, which is really our wheelhouse in general and certainly with respect to Paramount+, that market remains strong and it just relate back to being at Mipcom in October, where countless clients that I met with and the whole team was there, were looking for great content and needing our partnership, if you will. So, there is a tremendous opportunity there. Again, we think using our content to drive asset value creation in the form of Paramount+ given the momentum we have, is the right Plan A, but we have optionality in that regard and we clearly have valuable product.
Naveen Chopra: Let me try to hit your question, Rob, on free cash flow, licensing, strikes, etcetera. And I'd start by just saying we are intending to deliver free cash flow growth in 2024. That's very important. And the biggest driver of that is significant improvement in OIBDA, and we've talked about the various contributors to that. Licensing is one of the contributors. As I said, I expect licensing revenue to grow in the year, and that benefits both OIBDA and cash flow. But I wouldn't say that it's sort of an inordinate impact relative to what it has been in prior years. I'd also note that our cash spend in '23 came in at about $16.5 billion. That was lower than the prior year as a result of the strikes. And our plan for '24 contemplates spending really only about 50% of, call it, the strike savings back. And, that's a critical ingredient in our ability to drive healthy growth in free cash flow in the year. So, that's something we're looking forward to executing against.
Robert M. Bakish: Yes. So in closing, we're really proud of what we accomplished in 2023. And as we look ahead to 2024 and beyond, we're focused on disciplined execution and in doing so, positioning the company to return to significant total company's earnings growth this year and Paramount+ domestic profitability next, generating more value for our shareholders. With that, thank you for joining us. Be well, and we'll talk to you soon.
Operator: Thank you. This now concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-02 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Nadia, and I'll be the conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Paramount Global's Q3 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would now like to turn the call over to Jaime Morris, Paramount Global, EVP, Investor Relations. You may now begin your conference call.
Jaime Morris: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for taking the time to join us for our third quarter 2023 earnings call. Joining me for today's discussion are Bob Bakish, our President and CEO; and Naveen Chopra, our CFO. Please note that in addition to our earnings release, we have trending schedules containing supplemental information available on our website. Before we start this afternoon, I want to remind you that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in more detail in our filings with the SEC. Some of today's financial remarks will focus on adjusted results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release or in our trending schedules, which contain supplemental information and in each case can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Now I will turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Bakish: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. There's no question the media industry remains dynamic and in many ways, complex, but our performance this quarter demonstrates clear progress against strategic goals, as we set the company up to return to significant earnings growth in 2024. In the third quarter, we grew streaming revenue in Paramount Plus subscribers while narrowing D2C losses. Multiple lines of business benefited from a franchise strategy powered by Paramount Pictures, and our licensing business continued to be an important component of content monetization. At the same time, we remain disciplined in our approach to cost management, helping maximize earnings of our TV media business. Finally, as you can see, we delivered strong free cash flow in the quarter. Beyond operations, our delevering plan continues to be a priority. And on Monday, we closed on the sale of Simon & Schuster for $1.62 billion. The net proceeds of which we will use to pay down debt. While we remain focused on executing our strategy to make world-class content with mass popular appeal, delivery across platforms and monetize it across multiple revenue streams, there's never been a more important time for us to remain agile and adaptive as the industry continues to evolve. We are applying this thinking to every market we operate in, every line of business and every decision we make about the best use of our content. Today, I'll provide more color on how we're doing that with a focus on our D2C momentum. I'll also share our perspective on the distribution and advertising landscape. Two topics we know are top of mind with everyone on this call. With that, let's dive in. Q3 was yet another significant step in our building of a scaled, profitable streaming business. Paramount Plus crossed 63 million subscribers, and we delivered 38% D2C revenue growth aided by a successful price increase. We also narrowed our D2C adjusted OIBDA losses by over 30%. In fact, we now believe 2022 was our year of peak streaming investment meaning D2C losses in 2023 will be lower than in 2022. We're clearly advancing on the path to streaming profitability and this continued D2C improvement will be a key driver of the total company earnings growth we expect next year. Related to that, our integration of Paramount+ and Showtime continues to deliver as we expected. Since it launched at the end of June, the combination has driven increases in acquisition and engagement, ARPU and operational efficiency. The power of partnerships is also a meaningful contributor to our momentum. The majority of Delta's daily domestic customers now have in-flight access to Paramount+. Also, we recently completed the first year of our partnership with Walmart+ which continues to add to Paramount+ subscribers and grow viewer engagement. It's also an incremental driver of consumer products franchises like Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, PAW Patrol and Yellowstone. And we continue to expand our participation in the global streaming market, leveraging a variety of different models tuned to market dynamics. In major territories like the U.K. and Australia, for example, we have an owned and operated streaming presence that benefits from cross promotion and programming with our local broadcast networks, much like we do in the U.S. with Paramount+ and CBS. In certain smaller markets, we're now prioritizing partner-centric distribution to further unlock the international streaming opportunity. Here, partners will ingest a subset of our content into a Paramount+ branded area on their platform. That way, we have a local partner fully engaged in driving the business forward and we can monetize our content and amplify the Paramount+ brand without the investment in local content, marketing or operating infrastructure. So the financial benefit is quite accretive. This new phase of expansion is just getting underway. In the past few weeks alone, we've locked deals in Belgium and in Greece with more on the way. And speaking of geographic reach Pluto TV continues to be in more countries today than any other fast service, and it had the highest total viewing hours ever in Q3, both domestically and globally. And like our partner-centric Paramount+ strategy, Pluto allows us to tap into international streaming consumption in an economically efficient way. Moving on to distribution more broadly. Recent negotiations in the industry have raised questions about whether the hard bundling of streaming and pay TV will become the norm in the U.S. and what that could mean for companies like ours. The reality is, operators have different priorities, but we've shown that we can adapt our partnerships to accomplish common objectives. As we go forward, it is possible that some of our partners will embrace the strategy that more tightly integrates DTC into the Pay TV bundle. And we expect that if they do, the bundles would have many of the same advantages we've observed in the various hard bundles we've deployed internationally, namely a dramatically lower cost of acquisition and improvement in streaming churn, and it may improve TV ecosystem trends as well. In addition, adding the scale of U.S. pay TV to Paramount+ ad supported tier would bring incremental benefit to our digital advertising offering as well as an additional marketing and promotional value and it would provide an opportunity to upsell to Paramount+ with Showtime. As a result, these deals, when structured with the right economic value have the potential to be additive to our model while improving simplicity and increasing value for the consumer. As a related point, it's worth noting that we have already finalized agreements with multiple distributors to offer Paramount+ with Showtime to their customers as a true multi-platform product. Importantly, this includes linear subscribers getting app credentials. That's where we are and where we're headed on distribution. Now let's talk about advertising. There's no question that the broader ad market continues to face challenges, impacted by inflation, economic uncertainty and weaker demand from some categories. And while the industry isn't seeing the second half recovery we expected earlier in the year, there are a number of positive catalysts ahead that give us confidence as we continue to navigate the headwinds. As in distribution, we have prepared for the advertising transition from linear to digital, and we've built the asset base and the team to prosper in it. On the supply side, continued growth in our streaming users and engagement means we will extend our position as one of the market's largest sources of high-quality digital video through IQ. In fact, we're now reaching over 100 million full episode monthly unique viewers in the U.S. alone. This audience will continue to grow as we launch Paramount+ Essential on Amazon channels in the U.S. in the coming months, and we're about to launch IQ globally allowing marketers to operate multinational campaigns across Paramount's domestic and international digital platforms, all with a user-friendly single point of entry. In 2024, we will create even more opportunities for global ad growth. For example, in the U.K., we're launching a consolidated ad-supported offering that combines Channel 5's broadcast video-on-demand platform, My5 with Pluto TV. We're also rolling out a new ad-supported tier for Paramount+ in select other markets including Australia and Canada. Simultaneously, we're strengthening our hand to better serve the demand side. We're enhancing and expanding the collection of first-party data across Paramount+ and Pluto TV. And we're continuing to bring in new advertisers into our digital video ecosystem from the large and growing small and medium business market. There are currently tens of thousands of longer tail advertisers buying across IQ as part of a programmatic only cohort, a cohort that only continues to grow. The fact is, CTV can compete for media budgets previously earmarked for other formats like social. And while we expand our business with long-tail video advertisers, Paramount remains very well positioned to serve larger clients through our direct sales force. There are a number of other bright spots anticipated in 2024 and including the Super Bowl, where inventory is virtually sold out and it's an election year, so we can expect to see the benefit of higher political spending. Powering all of these opportunities is our world-class content both our scale collection of first run and library IP. It's what draws viewers in and keeps them coming back. It's what makes us a first choice partner and what drives the continued success of our strategy. It's our greatest strength and remains our greatest focus. And as we're talking about content, I'd note that we're happy that WGA deal was reached and ratified. It's a deal that's good for our company and our industry. At the same time, you saw that we recently made some changes to our film slate, which has been impacted by the continued SAG-AFTA strike. And while late night is back up and running, the scripted side of TV is still strike impacted. Obviously, we all hope to be back at work soon. Despite the dynamics we're navigating, you saw the power of our content in the quarter, whether it shows on Paramount+ like Special Ops: Lioness and Shy both of which were significant sources of fibers and engagement or CBS shows like Survivor, Amazing Race and 60 minutes as well as sports like the NFL, all of which drove audiences on linear and streaming. In fact, I'm happy to say the NFL on CBS is delivering its best season in viewership in years and its most streamed season to date on Paramount+ which, among other things, illustrates the power of our platforms in terms of reach and consumer engagement. It's also about our kids and family franchises like Turtles and PAW Patrol, both of which had successful feature films. Films, which also drove a broader ecosystem of consumption on linear, streaming and at retail. And we look forward to future extensions, including the release of a new Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle series next year and a third PAW Patrol movie in 2026. I also have to mention the Yellowstone universe. Over the last 5 years, over 100 million viewers globally have watched the Yellowstone franchise across platforms. Not only is Yellowstone a top franchise in the U.S., it's a top show for Paramount Plus in markets, including the U.K., France, Canada and across Latin America. And it's another perfect example of how we use the combined power of our platforms and partners to extend reach, revenue and relevance of our biggest hit. This first-run content, combined with our massive library of titles from Spongebob to NCIS drove momentum across our platforms, including Pluto TV as well as our third-party licensing business. This unique collection of world-class content is driving consumers, platforms and commercial activity with partners broadly speaking, and it's what makes Paramount one of the preeminent media companies in the world. Finally, I want to leave you with two points. First, with content at the core, Paramount's combination of advertising, subscription and licensing revenue streams continues to provide attractive growth opportunities and diversification. This is particularly important during a period of rapid industry evolution. And second, now that we remain laser-focused on execution and our return to earnings growth in 2024. With that, I'll hand it to Naveen to walk you through our numbers and provide additional commentary. Naveen?
Naveen Chopra: Thank you, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. As Bob outlined, we've made substantial progress in improving DTC earnings year-to-date and now expect to deliver lower full year DTC losses in 2023 than in 2022. The with further improvement next year as we return to consolidated earnings growth. Broadly speaking, Paramount's Q3 results reflect two important takeaways strong momentum in our D2C business, and our ability to navigate in a challenging environment by focusing on operational efficiencies across the company. In my comments today, I will provide additional insights on key elements of our Q3 results. I'll also discuss our expectations for Q4 and outline our path ahead. Let's begin with our Q3 results. We delivered total company revenue of $7.1 billion and adjusted OIBDA of $716 million. You'll find a comprehensive review of our key financial results in our press release. But let me walk you through a few important areas. First, affiliate and subscription revenue, which grew 14% in Q3. This demonstrates the power of our multi-platform strategy and affirms that the combination of traditional and streaming continues to yield growth for our business. In TV media, affiliate revenue reflects a continuation of the trends we saw in the first half of the year. This quarter, affiliate and subscription revenue included two pay-per-view events, which benefited both our TV media and D2C segments. D2C subscription revenue grew 46% in Q3, anchored by over 60% growth in Paramount+ subscription revenue. This growth was achieved through a combination of healthy subscriber additions and global ARPU expansion. Paramount+ added 2.7 million subscribers this quarter, even as we lost 1.3 million Latin American subs due to the restructuring of a legacy hard bundle deal, which we previewed on our last earnings call. Q3 was also the first full quarter in which the new Paramount+ with Showtime service was operational. As expected, this offerings expanded content proposition led to increased engagement among premium tier subscribers. In fact, for premium subs, hours of engagement grew 17%. Simultaneous with the launch of Paramount+ with Showtime we increased monthly pricing, which helped Paramount+ ARPU grow 16%. I should note here that the price increases took effect at different times for different subscriber cohorts throughout the quarter. meaning we won't see the full ARPU benefit of the price increase until Q4. In addition, we were pleased that domestic monthly churn continued to improve year-over-year despite the price increase demonstrating the popularity and stickiness of our content. From a bottom line perspective, strong revenue trends, together with significant improvements in our D2C operating leverage contributed to a 31% year-over-year improvement in D2C OIBDA in the quarter. Looking ahead, we expect strong D2C revenue growth with another quarter of healthy sub growth. That said, Q4 D2C losses will be similar to the year ago period. This reflects higher sports costs as well as higher marketing costs to support our broader geographic footprint as most of our Western European launches occurred late in the fourth quarter of 2022. Nonetheless, as I noted earlier, we now expect full year D2C losses in 2023 to be lower than 2022. Meaning we are ahead of plan in moving the D2C business toward profitability. The ongoing execution of our streaming strategy will yield further improvement in 2024 as we continue to drive subscriber growth user engagement and Paramount+ global ARPU growth in excess of 20%. In addition, we remain focused on building operating leverage by capturing the benefits of integrating Paramount+ and Showtime, optimizing our programming strategy to efficiently target key audience segments and further expanding our international footprint in a financially efficient way. Now let's discuss advertising. Direct-to-consumer advertising growth remained strong at 18%, benefiting from 46% growth in total viewing hours across Paramount+ and Pluto TV. This quarter's growth continues to position Paramount as one of the largest digital video advertising platforms with a unique direct programmatic business that leverages deep relationships with advertisers and agencies. TV media advertising revenue declined 14%. We did see strong sports demand and healthy year-over-year growth in key categories like automotive, CPG and alcohol. But significant categories like tech and pharma were weaker than we would like. Additionally, reduced political spend, strike-related impacts and international headwinds, including from FX negatively impacted the year-over-year performance. Looking ahead to Q4, advertising growth will continue to be impacted by a sizable decline in political advertising. We're seeing modest improvement in domestic linear advertising, but we continue to deal with strike impact and international weakness, which will limit improvement in the year-over-year trend. Shifting gears a bit, I'd like to provide additional detail regarding the financial impact of the strikes. In Q3, total company OIBDA included nearly $60 million of strike-related idle costs. These are incremental expenses incurred to retain production capabilities while the strike is ongoing. These costs impacted both our TV media and filmed entertainment segments. We expect to incur additional strike-related idle costs in Q4. However, the magnitude of these incremental expenses will depend on when the active strike is resolved, which, of course, we hope happens soon. Now I'll turn to Filmed Entertainment. Revenue was up 14%, benefiting from the theatrical performance of Mission Impossible-Dead Reckoning and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Mutant Mayhem. OIBDA was a loss of $49 million, which reflects release timing and film performance but also includes the impact of the strikes. In addition to the idle costs I described above, the strike also negatively affected revenue from third-party studio rental and production services. This had a roughly $20 million impact on Filmed Entertainment OIBDA in the quarter. Bob has spoken about how we're remaining adaptable and strategic in the face of industry-wide change. That includes proactively managing our cost base as we transform our business for the future. Earlier, I mentioned some of the initiatives we're prioritizing to improve D2C operating leverage. We also continue to identify new efficiency opportunities through disciplined expense management across segments, in content, in marketing and overhead. Our decisions to reduce real estate footprint, prioritize content investments with global appeal, combined international broadcast video-on-demand platforms with Pluto TV and centralized more marketing activity are just a few examples of our ongoing and relentless focus on expense management and will all contribute to earnings growth next year. Moving on to free cash flow. Free cash flow in Q3 was $377 million, and we expect strong free cash flow in Q4 as the strike continues to limit the production of content. Some of the programming changes we've made in response to the strike will be sustained, resulting in lower steady-state production spend and improved cash flow across the two year period of 2023 and 2024, which will also benefit leverage. We also closed on the sale of Simon & Schuster earlier this week, which generated approximately $1.3 billion in after-tax proceeds. These proceeds will improve year end net leverage by approximately one-half turn. Today, we announced a $1 billion tender offer for some of our upcoming debt maturities. Not only will this reduce gross debt, but it will extend our maturity profile thereby enhancing financial flexibility. Additionally, next year, the full year benefit of the dividend reduction, together with our expectation for growth in total company earnings will improve leverage even further. In closing, I want to reiterate that despite a changing environment, our commitment to investors remains the same. We are well-positioned to deliver significant consolidated earnings growth in 2024. We'll continue to improve D2C earnings through a combination of subscriber growth, healthy global ARPU expansion and operational efficiency. And we remain highly focused on maximizing earnings from our traditional networks by proactively managing expenses in these areas. We continue to believe that successfully transitioning Paramount's business will yield significant long-term value creation for our shareholders. And with that, operator, can you please open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today go to Michael Morris of Guggenheim. Michael, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Michael Morris: Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. Thank you for all the details. Bob, you talked about the carriage agreement. The new agreement between Disney and Charter and the streaming app side of the business. But can you share thoughts about the elimination of carriage of some channels that came in with that agreement and whether that's something that you expect to work through as you do renewals in the future and how that might impact the business? And sorry, if I could just add one other. If we look at the 2024 outlook for returning to earnings growth, Naveen, could you maybe talk a little bit about what that assumes for the advertising environment and cost growth at direct-to-consumer? Thank you.
Bob Bakish: Yes. Sure, Mike, happy to. Look, there's been a lot of conversation about this topic, Disney Charter, if you will. And if we end up going in this direction with some partners -- and by the way, it's not clear that all partners want to go this direction. But if we go this direction, we think it could be an accretive development. And I'll talk about the DTC side and the channel side. So first, in many respects, this is a domestic hard bundle idea. And we've seen clear benefits with international hard bundles, namely increased subs, no acquisition cost and lower churn. That is offset by a lower potential D2C unit revenue, given that in some shape or form, you'll be dealing with a wholesale structure. But still, when you net it all, we see the LTV as compelling. Also, I would point out importantly that we've seen these hard bundles actually catalyze DTC growth through channel stores and O&O, et cetera, which is obviously a positive. So there are puts and takes to this piece, but the aggregate value that we've seen is clearly positive. When you extend the question to the broader distributor economic relationship, obviously, that includes linear channels, if you will. Remember, all major deals include premium networks, advanced ad sales and data relationships, as well as marketing partnerships, plus in some cases, there are film and other types of content output deals. So there are a lot of levers here to pull as you get to what ends up being a bespoke solution. And again, I'd look to international. We've done this internationally, as discussed on prior earnings calls, the result was D2C was launched, revenue was remixed a bit, total revenue increased. And importantly, to your question, no linear channels were dropped. So in aggregate, that's clearly a positive outcome. And lastly, on a related point, I'd note that we've already done a number of P+ with Showtime deals with major operators in the U.S. where they get credentials for the Showtime linear subs, as an example. And we like those very much. So again, we think this is an interesting accretive -- potentially accretive development. We don't know if it applies broadly, but we're excited by it. And to you, Naveen.
Naveen Chopra: Yes. Mike, with respect to earnings in 2024, I'd note a few things. I mean, first, we remain very focused on delivering consolidated earnings growth next year. In terms of the composition of that, the TV media side of the business, we assume we'll continue to benefit from cost reductions. Obviously, get some tailwind on the advertising side from the Super Bowl and political, all of which help offset continued evolution in the linear ecosystem. I would say that we -- with respect to the advertising market specifically, we do expect it to improve in 2024. Obviously, the exact magnitude of that would be a little too early to call but we have a number of levers that we can pull to adjust our plan depending on what we see in the advertising market to ensure that we're achieving our desired level of earnings. On the B2C side of the business, we continue to expect significant improvement in the D2C P&L. That is a combination of both top-line growth and improved operating leverage. I've talked about some of the drivers there in the past, includes things like growth in subs, continued improvement in engagement and ARPU both on the subscription and advertising side. It improves -- it involves continued improvement in churn as well as lower growth in content, marketing and operational expenses. So those are the drivers. It's, I think, too early to put specific numbers around that, given some of the uncertainty, both in the advertising marketplace as well as timing of content availability, but doesn't change the fact that there are a number of levers that contribute to year-over-year earnings growth.
Jaime Morris: Thanks, Mike. Operator, next question, please.
Operator: Our next question goes to you, Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley. Ben, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ben Swinburne: Good afternoon. I guess two questions. Bob, could you talk a little bit about your kind of longer-term ambitions for Paramount on the film slide? I know the slate has been impacted -- excuse me, by the strike, but there's a lot of momentum in the IP there. I'm just wondering if you could talk about maybe over the next couple of years, what you think the studio should be doing in terms of number of wide releases and what your strategy is to maximize value for the studio. And then Naveen, since you're being very helpful with 2024, I thought I would push a little further just to take a swing. Is there a way you could help us think about like total cash content spending year-on-year 2024 versus 2023 or even total OpEx for the company growth? Because the allocation between segments gets pretty tricky for us externally. So, just kind of think maybe more bigger picture on cost in 2024 would be helpful. Thank you guys.
Bob Bakish: Yes. Sure, Ben. Obviously, let me start there. When you look at Paramount and you look at the slate, the word that comes to my mind is balance. And what I mean by that is a mix of titles for target market and a genre perspective -- by the way, they saw five titles opened at number one in this year. We've obviously got a range of budget levels in there from modest to larger and a mix of franchises and new ideas. And so let's talk a little about franchises since I think that's part of your question. Look, we continue to believe in them. We have seen our franchises contribute significant value really across the business because, again, we use Paramount Pictures as part of an integrated strategy. Theatrical window is very much a launch pad, but it yields other benefits beyond theatrical. Look at the kids and family genre, clearly, a strong point in the quarter. You had Turtles and PAW Patrol. Those are both successful feature films, but they really drove a broader ecosystem of consumption on our platforms and at retail. In terms of consumption, it's worth noting that, but again, both in linear and streaming, we saw a significant library benefit as well as traction from the new releases. And the retail value creation has been significant. On the Turtle side, it's actually the fastest-growing action figure brand in the U.S., and it was number one in August. And on the PAW side, we've got the biggest pre -- brand in merchandise. So that's clearly additive, it's part of the reason we feel great about our franchise strategy. In terms of where we go over the next couple of years, we like the slate. It continues to be balanced. It continues to have range from genre and target market perspective, it continues to have range from -- on budget. And again, it's a mix of franchises and new ideas. If you look in the near term, we have Bob, the Bob Marley picture, One Love. That looks like a good sort of original idea, but clearly, a topic that people know. We got another Gladiator movie that we're very excited about and then more franchises, A Quiet Place, Mean Girls, Smile, Transformers, Sonic. So there's a lot going on there in the near term. But again, you can assume the slate continues in that vein, but scales a bit. We're probably in the 8-ish release volume in the last year or two, that number probably ticks up marginally over time. Maybe we get up to a dozen in a couple of years. But again, I think we're going to -- I know we're going to feel a very balanced slate. We're going to continue to drive franchises. We're going to get value across the business. And we're going to demonstrate what an incredible asset Paramount Pictures continues to be. Naveen?
Naveen Chopra: Yes, Ben, with respect to your comment on long-term content spending, I won't answer it in the context of 2024 specifically because, as you know, 2023 and 2024 are going to be materially impacted by the effect of the strikes. And I think what you're actually more interested in is what is the sort of more organic long-term trend. And to that, I would say that we've got a long-term baseline in which cash content spend grows at low-single-digits. However, as I noted last quarter, our long-term content strategy is not about solving for some specific volume of content. It's about having the right content for the right audience at the right time. And we are laser-focused on continuing to find ways to further improve the efficiency of our content spend in both linear and streaming, and there's a variety of things that we're doing to accomplish that. It includes things like finding new ways to leverage content across both our streaming and linear platforms across geographies. You've seen us do a lot of that over the course of the last couple of quarters. It includes leading into franchises, which are fundamentally more efficient from the perspective of building awareness, driving engagement and such and it includes leveraging partners for local content, particularly in smaller international markets, as you heard Bob mention earlier. And now we've got a whole lot of data that we're able to use to better understand how to super serve these key audience segments in the most efficient way possible. So when you put all those initiatives together, from my perspective, it means there's an opportunity to improve the long-term growth rate of cash content spend relative to that low single-digit baseline.
Jaime Morris: Thanks, Ben. Operator, next question please.
Operator: Our next question goes to Jessica Reif Ehrlich of Bank of America. Jessica, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Two may retail. So first, impairment appears to have walked away from a number of potential asset sales in the last year or so. What would you consider the optimal portfolio mix for Paramount? And then just on advertising, advertising for DTC grew 18%, but you're viewing hours were up 46%. I'm not sure what's Paramount+ and what's Pluto, but maybe you can talk about what -- it is a tepid market, but how do you think you can close that gap?
Bob Bakish: Yes. Sure, Jessica. I'll take those. Look, on the -- weird echo. On the M&A side, two points. One is we continue to look to non-core asset dispositions, and we do that principally as a value unlock to reduce leverage. And that was clearly the case with Simon & Schuster and we continue to look at some additional opportunities, but I'm not going to comment on anything specific in that regard. I think second, on a big picture level, we've really honed the core asset composition of this company, and it is dare I say, strategic and logical. It's fundamentally long-form video-centric both with robust production and very large libraries and our clear synergies in terms of how we maximize revenue and drive operating efficiency across the business. So again, these pieces work together. That said, when it comes to M&A, we're always open-minded, and we look at opportunities -- potential opportunities through the lens of really how can we maximize shareholder value. In terms of the ad market and the digital ad market, in particular, as you know, digital growth was 18% in the quarter. Quite strong in the grand scheme of things. It is a meaningful business for us in terms of size. IQ, which is the fundamental trading umbrella for it. It's a multibillion dollar business. Product reaches over 100 million full episode viewers in the U.S. So, it's a very meaningful complement to linear. We're doing a number of things, which gets to your question, to continue to drive this going forward, and they really tied it to both the supply side and the demand side. On the supply side, we are focused on continuing to grow engagement. And as you point out, viewing hours grew 46% in the third quarter. We're also going to launch Paramount+ Essential on Amazon. That will be an additional inventory creation vehicle. And as we noted in our remarks, we're expanding internationally both in the context of Pluto TV and Paramount+ ad-supported peers, including what we're doing in the BVOD space in some of our broadcast markets. So, we'll unquestionably grow supply, then we go to the demand side, i.e., filling that supply with advertising business. Start with the undeniable appeal of premium content to advertisers and we do deliver it in a brand-safe, high-quality environment and we prosecute that and facilitate access to it through both direct and programmatic channels, making us easy to do business. We are also enhancing the quality of what we call signal, and that's increasing the amount of data associated with streaming consumption and that enables more precise campaigns for marketers. We believe that's important to monetizing the incremental inventory we're creating. And we'll also have a whole initiative targeting the SMB sector, small and medium-sized business. That's bringing new advertisers into our digital video ecosystem and also giving them improved self-service tools, that's been growing plus. We see a lot of potential there. And we're actually adding some incremental expertise to the sales force to prosecute it. So, we're doing a bunch of things to ensure that we're continuing to create supply, maintain our scale position in this market and then drive the monetization by increasing further the appeal of that to our clients and their respective agencies. And I'm quite confident that, that combination will serve us well in the marketplace in 2024 and beyond.
Naveen Chopra: And Bob, if I could just add one thing to clarify. Jessica, with respect to the numbers you mentioned. Just keep in mind that the engagement growth that you saw there at 46%. That includes a significant amount of engagement growth in the premium ad-free tier of Paramount+. So you should not expect that to necessarily be a proxy for advertising growth.
Jaime Morris: Thanks Jessica. Operator, next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question goes to Rich Greenfield of LightShed Partners. Rich, please go ahead, your line is open.
Rich Greenfield: Question. Bob, Naveen, when you think about sports, I think there's really no debating the direct link between the NFL and retrans, not just for Paramount, but for everyone in the industry. But I think what a lot of investors are trying to figure out is sort of what happens with all other sports. And just given what's happening in the pay TV ecosystem, and you obviously talked pretty openly about the challenges facing the ad market. I'm just wondering, as you think about other sports, things like the NBA are coming up. Obviously, there's been sort of live entertainment programming like WWE available. I'm just curious, as you think about sports licensing costs going forward, do you believe that they have to sort of be justified fully on advertising revenue alone? Or like how do you think about how you buy sports rights or licensed sports rights going forward? That would be really helpful. Thanks.
Bob Bakish: Yes. Sure, Rich. So, a couple of points. One, as you know, sports is integral to our strategy, but it's not a stand-alone business. It's a slice of the wheel, so to speak, both for our CBS network and for streaming. Second, as you point out, the NFL in that is clearly a Juggernaut and I can give you chapter and verse on how it's driving our business, but you already know that, so I'll skip that. But it's not the only sport that matters. One of the great things about Paramount is our collection of sports is truly A caliber. And so if you look at other element, it's college football, like now the Big 10, which is going to be the best college football league in the U.S., the NCAA and golf, like the Masters, I mean, the fact of the matter is -- and I know this because Ray Hopkins, who runs Distribution regularly brings clients to them. Those events matter from a distribution standpoint to, AKA retrans and reverse comp. It's not strictly the NFL. And clearly, to your point, they're also valuable in the ad business. The third point I'd make is, for us, remember, sports is a piece of the wheel. And we're actually in excellent place where we don't really -- we don't need nor are we active in looking at any more sports. Instead, what we're focused on is kind of the conjoint use piece, getting people who come in for sports to consume other products, be that on linear or on streaming and because, again, we're in a great place. We have the volume of A caliber sports that we need, and we've got stability too. Our deals are locked in the U.S., the vast majority of them and the ones that matter, through 2030 and beyond. So, with respect to these other sort of auctions in the marketplace, we'll watch them. But again, we're in a very fortunate place that we got what we need and they're working really great for us.
Jaime Morris: Thanks Rich. Operator, next question please.
Operator: Our next question goes to Brett Feldman of Goldman Sachs. Brett, please go ahead, your line is open.
Brett Feldman: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Naveen, when you were answering Jessica's question, you made that point at the end about how a lot of that engagement growth was on the premium ad-free tier. So, the follow-up question would be maybe give us your updated thoughts on the merits of launching a premium ad supported tier in the U.S. And then just a housekeeping question. You identified two pay-per-view events in the quarter that helped out. I was hoping maybe you could just carve out what that revenue contribution was? Thank you.
Naveen Chopra: Yes. So maybe in reverse order, Brett, in terms of the impact of the pay-per-view events in the quarter. I think if you were to adjust for those, what you'd see is the linear affiliate revenue trend would look pretty similar to sort of the trends you've seen in the last couple of quarters where you've got some ecosystem decline being partially offset by rate increases. So, really no change the trend there. With respect to a premium ad-supported tier, that's really not something that has been a major priority for us. We like the configuration that we have right now as between an ad-supported tier at six spots and then Paramount+ with Showtime at $12. I think, if anything, one of the places where you are seeing some traction in the market is even higher-priced tiers, which we're going to continue to assess because those could be quite incremental from an ARPU perspective. So -- but we're really not focused on a more expensive ad-supported tier.
Bob Bakish: Yes. And Brett, it's Bob. Just for the avoidance of doubt, I mean, when we launch Paramount+. We were a bit of an outlier. We launched it with an ad-supported version and a premium version. And other people have since followed us. So -- and we're super happy with how the ad-supported version, we call it Essentials works. But there's not really an incremental thing to do there because we basically have the product lineup in the space.
Jaime Morris: Thanks, Brett. Operator, next question please.
Operator: Our next question goes to Phil Cusick of JPMorgan. Phil, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Phil Cusick: Hi, guys. Thank you. A couple of follow-ups. Nice move on the DTC ARPU growth and cost. Can you think about the further impact of pricing from here, both in the U.S. and international? How should we think that carry through in the fourth quarter, which you talked about a little bit? And then with this lower level of DTC drag, how do you think about the path to DTC EBITDA breakeven over time? And then just finally, Naveen, you had talked in the past about an improvement in free cash flow in '24 outpacing the improvement in EBITDA. I wonder if that's still the case or if the strikes are sort of going to move those things around. Thank you.
Naveen Chopra: Yes. Thanks, Phil. There's several questions in there. I'll try to tackle those. So first of all, in terms of the ARPU trajectory, we do expect that to continue to benefit Q4, as you heard in my comments. That really just has to do with the timing of when various subs convert to new pricing. Moreover, we see a very compelling pricing opportunity longer term, which is to say this won't be the last price increase that we do. We think there is a continued opportunity for pricing to play a role in growing both revenue and earnings in our streaming business. I'd note a few things related to that. One, relative to competitors, Paramount+ is still positioned at a very compelling price point, and that's true both on our ad-supported tier and our ad-free tiers. Also, the price increase that we did in June has actually performed better than we expected. And what I mean by that is that the impact to churn and starts has not been as large as we forecast such that on a net basis. The price increase is actually more accretive to earnings than we originally anticipated. So that gives us some confidence. And Paramount+ is all about Cornerstone, high-value content. I mean, historically, Consumers have paid significantly more than $6 or $12 a month to watch live NFL games, live Big Ten football, big Hollywood movies, not to mention this incredible universe of very high-quality entertainment franchises, both for kids and adults. So there's no question that, that continues to be a very strong value proposition and the data we've seen coming out of our first price increase suggests that, that value proposition and the stickiness of the content does give us additional room for growing price over time. In terms of the -- your question on the path to streaming profitability, I just very briefly reiterate some of the things I mentioned earlier. We do anticipate significant improvement in the D2C P&L next year. There's both top line as well as cost elements to that, subs, ARPU, engagement, churn reduction, content efficiency, et cetera. So I think you're familiar with the drivers there, and that is something that we expect to be material in 2024. And then I think the last part of your question related to free cash flow trends relative to EBITDA. And I think the short answer, as you sort of hinted at in the short term, that trend is, I'll say, a little bit noisy just because of the impact of the strike. But longer-term, we expect to see healthy free cash flow growth. I mentioned that in -- when we look at this on a two-year basis, we feel very good about free cash flow being higher than we had previously expected. And that's really a function of the fact that we're going to deliver consolidated OIBDA growth next year. That obviously contributes to free cash flow. And importantly, only a portion of the cash benefit that we are capturing in 2023 from the strike, is going to be spent back in 2024. So that's also helpful from a free cash flow perspective.
Jaime Morris: Thank, Phil. Operator, well take the next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question goes to John Hodulik of UBS. John, please go ahead. Your line is open.
John Hodulik: Great. Maybe a quick follow-up and then another question. First on the cost side, you are making a lot of progress, obviously, on both media and in D2C. On the D2C side, is the full $700 million in synergies that you guys laid out from the combination of Showtime and Paramount+ already in the numbers at this point. And then, Bob, in your prepared remarks, you guys seem to talk a little bit about sort of leaning more into licensing. Just maybe update us on your view on further licensing and maybe how that should progress, especially coming out of the strike, just given the sort of softness in the market today. Thanks.
Bob Bakish: Yes. Well, maybe we'll do them in the reverse order, John. So really two related points. In my remarks, I more characterize it as leaning more into partners in streaming at Paramount+. And obviously, we are scaling rapidly. You saw that in our numbers. We have today a run rate business of over $6.5 billion in D2C. And we are advancing quickly on the path to profitability. We are ahead of plan. Losses narrowed 30% in the quarter. That's really through focused execution. Obviously, peak losses now, we think were in 2022, not 2023. So we feel great about that. But we continue to look at streaming expansion. And in that regard, we think there is an opportunity to lean more into licensing. We talked about that in -- again, in my remarks, but that's really about going after incremental markets, focusing our contribution on, call it Hollywood content, content that we're already creating for Paramount Plus in our O&O markets and doing deals with partners where they take that content, ingest it on their platforms. So that is really the principal extent of our participation. We also provide them value through the Paramount+ brand. They set up a branded area, and then they do the local content, local marketing, local infrastructure, local organization. And we think leaning in incrementally to partners in that way really is quite compelling from an expansion standpoint. And I was at MIPCOM transitioning to your -- the second part of licensing, at MIPCOM a couple of weeks ago, and there is clear demand for that and recognition of the value of that content and the interest in having Paramount+ as an international global supplier in that regard. Related to licensing in general, we continue to feel good about that market for -- particularly for high-quality content, feature film, signature series, kids franchises really our wheelhouse. Again, at MIPCOM, our stand was very busy a couple of weeks ago, and we do see content licensing revenue continuing to grow both in the U.S. and internationally, and it does continue to be an important component of our model. Naveen?
Naveen Chopra: Yes. Just briefly on your question regarding the $700 million synergies related to the Showtime, P+ integration. Short answer, we're not done capturing the benefits of that. Those synergies are important ingredient in the earnings improvement that we expect to deliver next year in the D2C segment. And in fact, -- as I think I've said recently, I believe we will exceed the $700 million in future expense savings.
Jaime Morris: Thanks, John. Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. The final question goes to Bryan Kraft of Deutsche Bank. Bryan, please go ahead. your line is open.
Bryan Kraft: Hi. Good afternoon. I wanted to ask a little bit about the Paramount+ subscriber outlook. How are you thinking about the pace of Paramount+ subscriber growth in 4Q and next year given the content pipeline as well as the international ad-supported launches. And are you starting to plan or to think about your own account sharing crack down along the lines of what Netflix has done and Disney started to do? And if so, any thoughts on timing or scope of that effort? Thank you.
Bob Bakish: So start, Bryan, with -- we're feeling great about Paramount+ in general. As you can see in the quarter, again, real momentum. We continue to grow. The Paramount+ with Showtime integration is clearly working for us. We see value from that Showtime content being added to Paramount+ and we see usage kind of in both directions, Showtime users using Paramount+ content and vice versa. So that's totally working. And as we look forward, including into Q4, we definitely see continued growth of Paramount+, both at the Essentials and the premium level. So we're feeling great about growth. Again, as we look at it on a year-to-year basis, also churn continues to improve. And that's a good thing for our sub base. And as we look at the content slate, yes, there's a bit of uncertainty given the strength, but our fourth quarter content slate is very strong. We got another piece of the Yellowstone universe coming very shortly in batteries. We got Frasier, obviously, NFL is working. We got the PAW Patrol movie coming and some other goodies. So we're good there. And as we look into 2024, we're feeling very good about that as well. So again, overall, great on the Paramount Plus growth trajectory. And importantly, we're accomplishing that while accelerating our path to profitability, which we also talked about today. Naveen?
Naveen Chopra: Yes. Just on the second part of your question around password sharing. Right now, we don't see that as a major headwind to our growth efforts. Obviously, something that we will continue to monitor. And the good news is, I think there's a template for how we could address that in a value accretive way. But right now, we've got really powerful growth drivers, as you heard Bob describe.
Bob Bakish: Yes. And look, everyone, in closing, we're really proud of our progress in the quarter, particularly given the dynamic environment we're operating in. As you can see, we continue to execute on our strategy prioritizing prudent investment in streaming and continuing to maximize the earnings from our traditional business, know that we remain confident in our plan to achieve significant total company earnings growth in 2024, and we're laser-focused on delivering value for our shareholders. And with that, thank you for joining us. Be well, and we'll talk to you soon.
Operator: Thank you. This now concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-07 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Nadia and Ill be the conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Paramount Globals Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would now like to turn the call over to Kristin Southey, Paramount Globals EVP, Investor Relations. You may now begin your conference call.
Kristin Southey: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for taking the time to join us for our second quarter 2023 earnings call. Joining me for todays discussion are Bob Bakish, our President and CEO; and Naveen Chopra, our CFO. Please note that in addition to our earnings release, we have trending schedules containing supplemental information available on our website. Before we start this afternoon, I want to remind you that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in more detail in our filings with the SEC. Some of todays financial remarks will focus on adjusted results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release or in our trending schedules, which contain supplemental information, and in each case, can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Now I will turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Bakish: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Naveen and I are looking forward to walking you through Paramounts results for the second quarter and our views on the business. Before we get started, I want to touch on some exciting breaking news. Today, we announced an important milestone with our agreement to sell Simon & Schuster to KKR for $1.62 billion. Naveen will walk you through some of the details. But in short, we are thrilled with this transaction, which is an important step in our delevering plan. With that, lets turn to todays business. Let me start by saying this. Without question, there is an incredible amount of change happening across our industry. But what Ive learned is that when you have a coherent strategy, strong execution and the ability to stay nimble, your business will be built to weather periods of change and transformation. That is our approach at Paramount, what we remain focused on every day. And starting with a key part of the transformation, our direct-to-consumer business this quarter our D2C business continued to scale with increased revenue and engagement and an improvement in earnings. In addition, with 2023 being our peak investment year in streaming, we remain on track to deliver significant total companys earnings growth in 2024 but let me zoom out a bit. Ill start with the vision weve laid out for Paramount, how were making progress on it and how we are continually fine-tuning our execution to navigate market conditions. Then, Naveen will talk through the financials and provide additional color on the business. Despite whats happening across our industry at a fundamental level, what we do at Paramount is what weve always done, create high-quality content with mass popular appeal and monetize it across multiple platforms and multiple revenue streams. We do all of that with an unwavering focus on building a sustainable business model, one built for growth. Let me break that down further. First, content. As Sumner Redstone famously declared and as we often echo, content is king, and at Paramount, content is certainly what we do best. In fact, in Q2, we were the #2 in the industry in terms of total U.S. TV set viewership of our content across TV and streaming. It starts with our library, one that spans over 100 years and includes more than 200,000 TV episodes and 4,000 movies. That irreplaceable library is a critical driver of Paramount+, Pluto TV, linear and licensing. This is coupled with our production capabilities that span the world from Hollywood to key global markets, including the UK and Australia, in scripted and unscripted, in animation and live action, in features and episodic and in live, including news, sports and events. All of this helps to create, extend and localize enduring fan-favorite franchises and formats from Transformers to Mission Impossible to last weeks Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles release to unscripted hits like RuPaul and The Shores and to powerhouse CBS crime procedurals like the NCIS and FBI families, or the expanding set of Taylor Sheridan originals. In fact, Taylor Sheridans newest series, Special Ops: Lioness premiered a few weeks ago. And Paramount+s most watched global series premiere in its first 24 hours on the service, a new season, a fan favorite to Chi premiered this past weekend, and the highly anticipated season premiere of Billions is coming later this week. Our franchises continue to grow in number and scale. We have a growing roster led by more than a dozen franchises that have grossed over $1 billion in revenue. Add to that, popular originals such as yellowjackets and some of the bigger sporting events in the world, including College Football, where well soon have the debut of the Big 10, plus March Madness, the PGA, UEFA and of course, NFL with the Super Bowl coming in February on CBS, Paramount+ and for the first time ever on Nickelodeon with a kid-centric alternate telecast, something we and the league are very excited about. I also want to note that given our international production capabilities, we have more than 85 international scripted and unscripted Paramount+ originals already produced  in production or green lit, as well as more than 20 local versions of global unscripted formats slated to debut through 2024. In fact, we just announced a slate of internationally produced originals coming to Paramount+ in the U.S., including Bargain, a Korean crime thriller thats already generating strong bus and a number of British series like the gangster drama Sexy Beast. The breadth of our content serves an impressively large addressable market within the household across the country and around the world. That is the power and quality of our content engine, and thats a key competitive advantage for us. Beyond quality, we continue to focus on being one of the most efficient content producers in the world and we expect to demonstrate continued gains in this area in 2024 and beyond. As part of that, as you will hear from Naveen, we are evolving our streaming content slate to super serve key target audiences more efficiently. This based on all weve learned since Paramount+ launched. Speaking of content, Id like to take a moment to address the issue that is top of mind for all of us, the ongoing writers and actors strikes. Were saddened that as an industry, we couldnt come to an agreement that would have prevented this. Our partnership with the creative community is critical to the health of our industry. So we remain hopeful for a timely resolution, and we are committed to finding a path forward. At the same time, we have a responsibility to minimize disruptions to our audiences and other constituents. To that end, weve adjusted our CBS fall slate by leaning into the full power of Paramounts content capabilities. On top of a strong sports lineup, new additions to the CBS schedule include Paramount Network hits like Yellowstone and Paramount+ favorites like SEAL Team as well as pairing the British hit Comedy Ghost with CBS own popular version of the show, to name a few. The slate illustrates the strength of our global multi-platform asset base and strategy, and its one of the ways were staying nimble. The second pillar of our strategy is using multiple platforms and multiple revenue streams to get the most value for our content. This allows us to monetize our content in more ways while giving us flexibility as market, audiences and economics continue to evolve. That means accessing revenue streams across subscription and advertising. And tapping into the very large global market of third-party platforms through our strategic approach to content licensing. And it means distributing our content across linear TV, theatrical and streaming, leveraging our powerful owned and operated assets, including the largest broadcast footprint in the world, one of the fastest-growing premium SVOD services with Paramount+ and the most widely distributed fast service globally with Pluto TV. Let me give you a few examples of how this creates value for our company. Just look at CBS, which, as you know, is the number one network in all of television for the 15th straight season. Whats let her known is that CBS content accounted for nearly half of total minutes viewed on Paramount+. And one of the most underappreciated contributions of CBS value to our company is its power in content licensing, both domestically and abroad. To put a finer point on it, CBS produced content accounted for over $600 million of licensing revenue in the quarter. This is an incredible asset. Paramount Pictures, starting with its extraordinary library also drives a significant multi-platform and multi-revenue stream advantage, and its pay 1 films are the most efficient programming in driving acquisitions on Paramount+ in the U.S., a key asset as we continue to scale rapidly and move forward on the path to profitability. And as you know, weve always embraced the combination of streaming and strategic licensing to third-party platforms, both in linear television and streaming, something that unquestionably produces economic value for us. In fact, over the past 18 months, the top 20 engagement drivers on Paramount+ also drove hundreds of millions of dollars in incremental third-party licensing revenue through windowing and secondary market exploitation. And when it comes to generating revenue, I have to spend a minute on our strong position in the ad market. Paramount has seen sequential improvement in year-over-year advertising in Q2. And in the upfront, we just wrapped, Paramount saw positive low to mid-single growth on volume. And in both cases, digital is a point of strength. Paramount is a leader in the digital video ad space, and I want to ensure you understand the extent and depth of our digital ad capabilities. Our direct digital revenue is up by strong double digits year-over-year, powered by the premium content offerings on Paramount+ and Pluto TV. 3 years ago, we launched EyeQ, our digital ad platform as a simple and effective solution for advertisers to connect their brands to consumers at scale. Since then, it has seen incredible growth. The EyeQ footprint now stands at more than 90 million full episode viewers domestically, and we expect to generate revenue approaching $3 billion this year, rivaling the best  the biggest players in digital video, and were building upon that strength internationally as well. Weve just announced that were expanding the global Pluto TV footprint with our launch in Australia. And well be launching ad-supported tiers of Paramount+ in certain international markets as we move forward. Importantly, the strength of our proposition is not just digital. Our portfolio of sports, including Super Bowl 58 and tentpole events like the GRAMMYs are differentiators for advertisers, as are our industry-leading capabilities in branded content, simply put, world-class brands want to be part of Paramount, where advertisers like Dodge Ram, whos been ingrained in the fabric of Yellowstone since Season 1 or Pizza Hut, a key partner in the new Turtles movie turn to our branded content capabilities to break through the quarter. This combination of strength brings Paramount advertising key advantages for the long term and helps to mitigate any near-term challenges. Finally, I want to speak to our hyper focus on creating a sustainable business model built for growth, an achievable goal and one that powers our entire mission. As we said over the past quarters, there are a few key levers were focused on here. First, revenue growth through continued subscription growth, price increases, ad monetization and more. Second, cost and operational efficiencies with a big focus on content and marketing spend and improving our operating leverage. While Naveen will speak to our efforts to build a sustainable model in more detail, I do want to touch on how Paramount+ with Showtime integration, which commenced on June 27 is an example of pulling all of these levers. Yes, it allowed us to secure consolidation-driven cost savings that extend across streaming and linear, more than $700 million, in fact. It also enabled price increases to further drive streaming ARPU. Perhaps most importantly, it is creating a stronger product for consumers and our partners, one that is more engaging with less churn. Consider this. For the last year or so, weve had a bundle of the Paramount+ and Showtime apps in the market. Customers of that bundle consumed over 40% more titles. So we have clear predictive data that the integrated product will deliver enhanced consumer engagement in streaming and soon in linear. In closing, let me take this opportunity to say how proud I am of this company and the incredible team at Paramount who continue to power us forward. Our strategy, underpinned by compelling content and powerful platforms is working. And our approach fine-tuned to navigate the realities of the market is focused on efficiently maximizing our business. Were doing all of this, of course, with driving shareholder value as our highest priority. With that, I will now turn it over to Naveen. Naveen?
Naveen Chopra: Thank you, Bob. Good afternoon, everyone. Our Q2 results reflect strong momentum in our D2C business and continued focus on company-wide expense management. In my comments today, Ill provide additional insights on key elements of our Q2 results and discuss our expectations for the remainder of 2023. Then before we take your questions, Ill share some more color on our path to streaming profitability and improved financial leverage. In Q2, we delivered total company revenue of $7.6 billion and adjusted OIBDA of $606 million. In our press release, youll find a comprehensive review of our key financial results. What Id like to focus on today are 4 important areas: affiliate and subscription revenue, advertising trends, filmed entertainment results and free cash flow. Lets start with affiliate and subscription revenue, which grew a strong 12% in Q2, demonstrating once again that the combination of traditional and streaming yield net growth for our business. We delivered strong D2C subscription revenue growth of 47%, largely driven by Paramount+ where we benefited from subscriber additions, improvements in ARPU and reductions in churn. Paramount+ net adds in the quarter reflected seasonal softness as well as a strategic shift of content releases to better align with the launch of Paramount+ with Showtime. Looking ahead, we expect healthy levels of year-over-year affiliate and subscription revenue growth to continue. From a subscriber perspective, we expect Paramount+ growth will be higher in the back half of the year than the first half. The quarterly cadence of net adds will reflect the timing of our content slate and the rollout timing of Paramount+ with Showtime with our third-party distribution partners. In addition, Q3 net adds will reflect the loss of just over 1 million subscribers relating to the restructuring of a unique legacy Latin American hard bundle deal, which will have an immaterial impact on revenue. Now lets turn to advertising. Year-over-year revenue performance improved 150 basis points compared to Q1. D2C advertising growth accelerated to 21%, fueled by subscriber growth and strong engagement across Paramount+ and Pluto, along with improvements we are seeing in direct programmatic buying activity. Looking ahead, we expect to see continued acceleration in D2C advertising growth in Q3 and were also bullish about the long term, which Ill speak more about in a moment. The year-over-year change in TV media advertising was similar to Q1. In the national domestic market, we are seeing strength in key categories, including pharma, retail, movies and travel. That said, we see linear advertising recovering more slowly than digital and we expect the Q3 rate of change for TV media advertising will be relatively similar to Q2 with improvement in Q4. Moving on to Filmed Entertainment, quarterly revenue and OIBDA were down year-over-year, reflecting the tough comparison to Top Gun: Maverick, which was released in the prior year period as well as the timing and mix of other releases. OIBDA of $5 million was better than expected due mainly to the timing of licensing deals, which benefited Q2. As weve noted in the past, licensing in any given quarter can be somewhat lumpy based on deal timing and the schedule of content deliveries. Turning now to cash flow. Free cash flow was a use of $210 million in the quarter, which included modest impact from the strikes. We anticipate continued delays in production for the duration of the strikes. And as such, we estimate free cash flow in the back half of the year will be significantly higher than previously expected. Next, Id like to touch on leverage. The $1.62 billion transaction we announced today to sell Simon & Schuster to KKR is an important step in our delevering plan. We expect the transaction to yield approximately $1.3 billion in net proceeds, resulting in a roughly 0.5x improvement in net leverage when the deal closes following regulatory review. We expect to use the proceeds from the sale to pay down debt. The transaction demonstrates significant value capture for Paramount. Between the $1.62 billion sale price, the $200 million termination fee paid by Penguin Random House and the cash flow we received during the pendency of the deal process, we will realize approximately $2.2 billion of gross proceeds. In addition to the impact of the S&S sale, we expect leverage will further benefit from the dividend reduction and significant total company earnings growth in 2024. Now Id like to shed more light on our path to profitability and streaming. Earlier, Bob described the 3 key pillars of Paramounts operating strategy, our strong content, our multi-platform and multi-revenue content monetization and our commitment to deliver long-term growth. In 2024, improved streaming economics will be key to delivering earnings growth and will be accomplished through a combination of continued subscriber growth, healthy ARPU expansion and significant improvement in the efficiency of Paramount+ investments. Let me dig a little deeper into that combination, starting with ARPU expansion. In 2024, we expect to deliver more than 20% growth in global Paramount+ ARPU. As you know, we implemented our first domestic price increase this quarter, and well see a full year benefit in 2024. Internationally, we will also be rolling out new tiers and revised pricing in certain markets. ARPU will also benefit from increasing D2C penetration in Western Europe, Canada and Australia, where new subscribers are being added at a significantly higher ARPU than our existing international subscriber base. Paramount+ with major Hollywood movies, top-tier sports and world-class entertainment remains an incredibly attractive value proposition relative to other SVOD services and to other forms of recreation. This compelling value proposition, plus the stickiness of Paramount+ content gives us confidence in our ability to further improve ARPU over time. We also see an opportunity to drive ARPU higher through enhanced ad monetization. As Bob highlighted, this year, EyeQ will generate digital advertising revenue approaching $3 billion across our business, a size and scale that are comparable to best-in-class peers in the domestic connected TV advertising market. And the opportunity to enhance ad monetization extends beyond the United States. Weve just begun to scale our international ad-supported streaming business, having now launched Pluto in over 35 markets. We also plan to launch ad-supported tiers of Paramount+ in certain markets and monetization will benefit from expanded local partnerships and deeper integration with our own free-to-air broadcast stations. Today, were growing our digital advertising platform faster than many peers, as demonstrated by the 21% growth rate weve achieved in DTC advertising in Q2. Similarly, we saw 35% growth in total viewing hours across Paramount+ and Pluto. The combination of rapid inventory expansion and broad integration with leading buy-side ad tech platforms, means we are now growing DTC advertising not just as a replacement for linear, but as a compelling video alternative for the long tail of advertisers who have historically relied on social media and short-form video advertising. Why is this important? Simply put, it means that TAM for connected TV advertising is much larger than typically imagined, and were proving it by giving a whole new class of advertisers the ability to tell their story on the TV glass. In order to drive accelerated earnings growth, were focused not only on revenue, but also on delivering captivating consumer experiences while using innovation to improve efficiency. In streaming, were focused on optimizing spending in content and marketing, the two largest expense categories in our streaming P&L. As Bob pointed out, theres no question we make great content, but it matters just as much that we do it efficiently. And when it comes to streaming content, weve learned a lot from Paramount+ subscribers over the past 2.5 years, what attracts them to the service, what keeps them there. And therefore, what we want to invest in. And weve learned that success is not purely a function of content volume. Its having the right content for the right audience at the right time. For example, we know that if a Paramount+ subscriber watches 4 hours or more of content in a month or engages with more than two different series, they are over 30% less likely to churn from the service. With these types of learnings, weve carefully defined specific audience segments and have evolved our programming strategy to super serve them in an even more efficient manner. Our programming slate is designed to ensure that each key audience segment has compelling content to enjoy throughout the year, not too little, but also not too much. The content charges we took in the first half of 2023 reflect this go-forward targeted programming strategy. The benefits are already apparent in Paramount+s content efficiency ratio or the services content expense relative to Paramount+ revenue. In the first half of 2023, we have seen nearly 10 percentage points of year-over-year improvement in this ratio. The integration of Paramount+ with Showtime, together with an optimized programming strategy, will continue to drive this ratio lower and will be a key driver of the margin improvement we expect to realize in D2C over the next several years. Beyond content, we also see room for efficiency gains in our marketing spend. The approach I just described, a targeted programming strategy also allows us to focus our marketing on key audiences and fewer shows. And when it comes to marketing, we also leverage our huge O&O linear and digital footprint to promote our content at scale. In fact, in the United States, our O&O platforms have contributed over 30% of incremental Paramount+ starts since 2022. As a result, we also expect to see significant improvement in marketing spend as a percentage of revenue in 2024. In closing, I want to underscore what we have said previously that we expect 2023 to be our peak year of D2C investment with significant growth in consolidated earnings in 2024. We remain confident that the strategy we put in place will enable us to maximize earnings from our traditional networks while successfully building a profitable streaming business. Moreover, successfully navigating this transition positions Paramount for long-term growth and shareholder value creation. With that, lets open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question today goes to Jessica Reif Ehrlich of Bank of America Securities. Jessica, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you. Hi, everybody. You  since you talked about a lot, but just focused on asset sales. With the sale of Simon & Schuster, you said youd pay down debt. Can you give us an update on other potential asset sales, including BET or anything else? It just feels like this is time where industry assets may move around. Other companies have talked about maybe doing stuff with their sports portfolio, linear assets. Can you just talk about where you see your assets in the next couple of years and what you would do with the proceeds?
Bob Bakish: Yes. Sure, Jessica. Let me take that. So on Simon & Schuster, we are very happy with this deal. Its a great outcome for our company. As weve discussed before, Simon & Schuster is a fantastic asset. But from a strategic perspective, its not core to our mission of creating and monetizing world-class video entertainment. And we think we found a very good home for S&S with KKR. Importantly, this transaction checks all the boxes from a financial perspective. Were selling the asset at an accretive valuation and the deal will meaningfully help de-lever our balance sheet. And as weve said, were going to use the proceeds to pay down debt. So again, thrilled with this transaction. With respect to other assets, look, were always looking for ways to maximize shareholder value. And as we said before, that might involve divesting, acquiring or potentially partnering on assets all of which weve done. But other than that, Im not going to comment on anything specifically.
Kristin Southey: Thank you. Operator?
Operator: The next question goes to Michael Morris of Guggenheim. Michael, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Michael Morris: Thank you. Good afternoon. I want to ask you maybe a couple of questions about the direct-to-consumer business. I appreciate all the details you just gave us. First, so your subscription revenue growth in the second quarter outpaced your subscriber growth. So it seems like youre already seeing that ARPU benefit or ARPU acceleration. Can you talk about what drove the acceleration in the second quarter. And then as we look to the back half of the year, I know this year is  youve guided us to peak losses, but given these top line drivers and the fact that youre already pretty similar year-over-year in your level of losses, whats going up on the cost side in the back half of the year thats making you think that 2023 will be peak losses instead of 22? And maybe if I could just ask lastly, strategically, Bob, there is some discussion about potentially seeing different media companies looking to possibly bundle their streaming services in the future for consumer benefit. Do you see that on the horizon? Is that something that you think could happen? Thanks.
Bob Bakish: Yes. Sure, Mike. Let me take the second part and then have Naveen talk about the first part. So on the bundling side, I mean, look, weve been believers in bundling for a long time. Bundling has been one of the tried and true methods of value creation in media. And certainly, as we enter the streaming space, bundling is part of our strategy. And weve really pursued it in different ways. We, for example, bundled Paramount+ with Showtime originally as a price bundle than sort of an upgraded tier. This predates obviously the integration. And we saw value creation there. When you look at the deals we do with distributors, particularly outside the United States with respect to the streaming product, we pursued hard bundles, that is bundling Paramount+ in as part of a, if you will, peer that an MVPD might offer. We did that with Sky. Weve done that with Canal. Weve done that with some others. We more recently did another form of bundle with Walmart where Paramount+ became the video service inside of Walmart+. Thats another bundle. And so we believe in bundling. We are continuing to look at incremental opportunities in this regard. And the only thing we know for sure is it will be a growing part of what were doing. As to the specifics of partnerships and timing, etcetera, well see. But bundling is definitely a value-added element of streaming because it gives you access to consumer connections with other have, AKA allows you to penetrate a TAM and it has certain attractive margining characteristics. So we like bundling. Naveen?
Naveen Chopra: Yes. So with respect to the questions on ARPU and what it means in terms of the D2C trends in 23 versus 24, Id point out a few things. So first, the ARPU growth in Q2 was really driven primarily by improvements in, Ill say, subscriber mix, particularly in international markets, but also a little bit as between our ad-supported and premium tiers here in the U.S. And also was benefited by growth in digital advertising, which obviously enhances ARPU for both Paramount  for Paramount+ and also in Pluto. The thing to realize about the trajectory sort of on more of a full year basis is that there is some seasonality in content expense. So as an example, in Q3 and Q4, we have more sports in season. And so you tend to see slightly higher content expense there, which is the answer to your question of why is 23 expected to be peak losses as opposed to 2022. Now that being said, I think the important takeaway here is that there is significant earnings improvement expected in D2C as we move into next year. There are a number of levers that will contribute to that, obviously, continued subscriber growth, significant ARPU growth. Ive talked about that a bit in my prepared remarks. Thats a combination of the price increase continued, what Ill call, accretive sub mix, continued improvement in advertising ARPU, churn reduction and very importantly, getting more leverage on our content investments. Weve already made a lot of progress on that front. And I expect to see additional large efficiency gains there next year, particularly as we focus on our key audiences, our key franchises, and find more ways to leverage content across platforms. So were really looking forward to what we will be able to deliver next year, but also encouraged by what were seeing in 2023.
Kristin Southey: Operator?
Operator: Thank you. The next question goes to Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley. Ben, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you. Good afternoon. Maybe just picking up on a couple of the discussion points so far. Can you guys talk about the 20% plus ARPU growth next year? And sort of  I know you mentioned a few of the drivers, Naveen, but a little more detail would be helpful on sort of what delivers that. And how are you thinking about elasticity or inelasticity of demand? Thats probably more ARPU growth than weve seen from any other streaming service that I can think of always off the top of my head. Im trying to figure out if you think youre going to drive it, you can still grow customers with that level of price increases next year. And then I wanted to ask about cash content spend. Obviously, you guys are highly focused on deleveraging. Thats pretty clear from your prepared remarks. And youve taken, I think, a $2.4 billion cumulative programming charge this year, which would suggest to your point, you dont need too much content. So whats the outlook for cash content spending as you look out? Lets put the strike aside over the next couple of years? Thanks a lot.
Naveen Chopra: Yes. Thanks, Ben. Theres a few questions in there, so Ill try to hit all of those. First, with respect to ARPU, I think we laid out most of the drivers in our prepared remarks. But just as a reminder, theres a significant benefit there from price increase, which we will get a full year of benefit in that in 2024. We do also expect subscriber mix to be favorable, particularly in international markets. Our base historically started in some, Ill say, some lower ARPU markets and a lot of the growth next year will be in higher ARPU markets. That probably explains some of the delta between our ARPU growth rate versus what you may have seen elsewhere. And also advertising. We pointed to the fact that we are delivering very high levels of digital advertising growth. Theres a significant piece of that is driven by Paramount+, and we expect that to continue to be a driver next year. In terms of the elasticity of the business as we have started to raise price, Ill share a few things that weve observed thus far although keeping in mind, its still relatively early days since we implemented the price increase. Thus far, weve seen that new subscriber starts have basically been in line with our expectations. And were seeing some really encouraging data around engagement, including a double-digit increase in daily hours per sub since we launched the combined product thats obviously consistent with our thesis for putting these services together. And were optimistic about the net churn impact, but its probably a little early to have enough data to really measure that. And all of those metrics are driven by very strong content lineup, which weve talked about. So were encouraged by what we see in terms of, call it, the consumer value proposition. And then with respect to your question on what it all means with respect to cash content spend, Id say a few things. First, weve historically talked about cash content spend on a total company basis as growing, call it, low single digits. But as you heard in my remarks, we are laser-focused on improving the efficiency of our content spend going forward. And thats true for both linear and for streaming. Were accomplishing that goal by leveraging content across platforms more and more by leaning into franchises. And now that weve got more data, were increasingly able to use analytics to understand how to super serve these key audience segments. And so we can get away from, call it, a volume-focused game and be more focused on making sure that we have the right content for the right audience at the right time. Financially, that means that there is opportunity to further improve the long-term trajectory of cash content spend. Now keep in mind the strikes, obviously, will create some timing shifts between how cash gets deployed in 23 versus 2024, but it doesnt change our commitment to improving that cash spend over a multiyear period of time.
Kristin Southey: Thank you. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. The next question goes to Rich Greenfield of LightShed Partners. Rich, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Rich Greenfield: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Theres a bunch of major sports rights are coming up, including NBA, WWE, and College Football Playoffs, which I guess saw some pretty dramatic changes to conferences over the weekend. I guess the question sort of is as you look at sort of the balance sheet and even sort of the headwinds facing the traditional media businesses, how are you thinking about what you spend on sports versus what you spend on entertainment programming? Curious like sort of how that mix shifts? And then just  I think if I looked at overall advertising both, if I combine both D2C as well as your media networks, it was down about 6. It sounds like you think  based on  I think your comments that, thats going to get a little bit better on a blended basis as the year progresses. What is happening with Pluto inside of that without the disclosure anymore? Just curious if theres anything sort of in terms of Pluto year-over-year that you could help us kind of within those numbers, it would be really helpful to understand. Thanks.
Bob Bakish: Yes. Sure, Rich. Let me take the sports part and Naveen will add on the Pluto side. So a couple of things on sports, really embedded in your question. One, on the announcements over the weekend. Look, we view that as a very additive development for the Big Ten and Paramount in particular, meaning our Big Ten deal looks even better today than when we did it. In terms of specific impact, there will be no change in the fees that we pay or the volume of the games that we get for CBS and Paramount+. But the expansion of the Big Ten clearly enhances the quality of games, the portfolio, if you will, that we have to pick from and that we carry. So essentially, it increases the quality of our deal. And Id add that we very much look forward to beginning our partnership with Big Ten in the fall. And frankly, given everything else going on, timing couldnt be better. So thats part one. Part two is sports is, as you know, integral to our strategy. Its really a component of both CBS and Paramount+ from a content offering. We like that. We find sports working very well for us, driving distribution, attracting viewers and subscribers, enabling strong monetization in the ad market, providing powerful promotion and schedule lead-ins, etcetera. And we are in a great place because that works. And our schedule is essentially stable. Our deals are all locked through the end of the decade. So, we are not in a place where we need to do anything. And if you look at what we have, we have broad and top-tier quality sports. We dont need or frankly want to do anything incremental. Sports, intentionally, as I have said, are part of the equation. And we do view sports and entertainment as a synergistic mix, both in streaming and on linear. And we spend a lot of time thinking about how do we connect sports viewers with other types of content, including our original slate to maximize the ROI for both. So, for us, the marketplace is what it is, but the answer is not more sports. We are in a great place from a mix standpoint. Instead, its about continuing to focus on maximizing the impact of these highly valuable rights that we already have. And again, we have stability. We are locked through the end of the decade. Naveen, on Pluto?
Naveen Chopra: Yes. Thanks. So Rich, as you know, we delivered very strong overall digital advertising revenue growth in the quarter. And that was a combination of Paramount+ and Pluto. So, Pluto is absolutely a key ingredient to driving that growth. And by the way, we expect that growth rate to accelerate next quarter. And its really all about driving engagement on both of those platforms that allows us to do that, particularly in a world where, as we talked about, we see an opportunity to bring a whole new class of advertisers onto our digital advertising platforms. There has been a lot of conversation about sort of the cannibalization of television advertising by other forms of digital. We think thats not the right way to look at this. We are very bullish about the volume of engagement that we are creating and what that means in terms of the digital advertising opportunity that exists in the future. And that will be enabled by both Paramount+ and Pluto. We sell them together to our advertising clients and that gives us a lot of opportunity to sell to both large and small clients. So, Pluto is performing well, and we are very excited to have it as part of our portfolio.
Kristin Southey: Operator?
Operator: Thank you. The next question goes to Brett Feldman of Goldman Sachs. Brett, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Brett Feldman: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I am going to ask about churn. Naveen, you have shared some interesting anecdotes about different types of subscriber cohorts and how much lower their churn profile can be than the base. Sort, of a two-part question. One, what are the principal churn initiatives you have underway right now? In other words, if investors are going to be walking your KPIs, I would say, in the next year or so, where are we going to see it? Is it mostly going to be something that supports sustained net adds, or is this really about getting a lot more efficiency out of your marketing dollars, if there is a little bit of both. I am curious how you think about that. And then since you are talking about sports, how does sports consumption factor into churn? In other words, whats the churn profile of your customer cohorts that you clearly know are coming to Paramount+ for sports versus people who are a little more general entertainment focused? Thanks.
Naveen Chopra: Yes. Hey Brett, its Naveen. I will take those, but probably in reverse order. So, first, starting with sports, one of the reasons we like sports on Paramount+ is that those do tend to be some of our highest LTV customers. And that may be a little counterintuitive because some people assume that sports viewers come in during the season and then they disappear. But the reality is sports viewers are not just sports viewers, they like other forms of content, but you got to program it in a smart and thoughtful way. And so thats where we are able to use a lot of the data that we have collected over the last couple of years to understand what are the types of programming that an NFL viewer or a Champions League viewer is most likely to engage with. And as long as we can get them to engage with one or two additional titles, as I mentioned earlier, the churn rate drops dramatically, hence the attractive LTVs that we get from those types of subscribers. With respect to the second part of your question, in terms of churn initiatives, it shouldnt surprise you to hear, its multidimensional. Its first and foremost, about content, making sure that we have the right content for the key audiences that we are focused on, but also timing that content correctly and then programming and promoting it correctly, which is really about figuring out if an audience is starting with Show X, what is the next thing that you want to put in front of them to ensure that you can engage them once a particular series comes to an end. So, it starts with content, but it is also about getting smarter on the marketing side and then also using bundles and partnerships to further improve the churn dynamics. We have talked in the past about some of the benefits of doing that. So, we are going to be using multiple angles to continue to make improvements on churn. And we have seen a great track record there to-date.
Bob Bakish: But Brett, just to jump in, I think it also goes to the fundamental premise behind our thesis, and that is broad. We talked about Paramount+ as new sports and amount of entertainment. And the fact of the matter is when we look at the data under the covers, we are seeing conjoint analysis, if you will, of sports viewers watching entertainment programming. And to Naveens point on efficiency, for example, we probably need to do less for that viewer who is an NFL viewer in the fall and do more for that viewer outside the fall because we can rely on the NFL. Thats an example of fine-tuning our strategy. And really, that also goes to why we are doing Paramount+ with Showtime. Again, that broad product, which we are seeing 40% more titles consumed when Showtime and Paramount+. Its all about studying the data and leveraging this combination of sports and entertainment, not doing either naked. That is, I believe the path to success because, among other things, it helps you lower your churn, but it has broader benefits as well and ad monetization and subscriber acquisition, engagement, etcetera.
Kristin Southey: Operator.
Operator: Thank you. The next question goes to Robert Fishman of MoffettNathanson. Robert, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Robert Fishman: Thank you. Good afternoon. One for Bob and one follow-up for Naveen. Bob, earlier this year, you provided thoughts on the TV advertising landscape in terms of the secular and cyclical headwinds and recovery expectations. I would just be curious to get your updated point of view on the mix between the cyclical and secular headwinds and if anything has changed over the past few months? And then, Naveen, can you just help us think about any timing benefit or maybe one-time in nature. I think it was the $600 million that was called out from the CBS licensing deals in the quarter or how we should think about licensing in the second half of the year, especially factoring in any strike impact possibly impacting the regular delivery of your programming internationally or even domestically? Thank you.
Bob Bakish: Yes. Robert, so on the advertising side, you are right, we see a combined impact of cyclical and secular. On the cyclical side, look, rates are coming down a bit. Things are marginally improving. But what we have really been focusing on is the secular side. And you see that in terms of how we are participating and really driving the digital ad market. For us, direct digital is very strong, and it wouldnt be had we not configured our product line to prosecute it basically. And we are going after that with EyeQ, which is a combination, of course of Pluto TV and Paramount+. We are seeing direct digital strong, and we are seeing improvement in programmatic, and we expect both of those things to continue. So, thats all about secular. And as we roll forward through the year, in Q3, we expect to see a slight improvement overall on a year-to-year basis, but that will be driven by D2C, so back to the secular piece. And then as we get to Q4, there, sports are going to be a key driver, including the NFL, the Big Ten that  by the way, that timing has turned up to be great for us as well as our modified CBS slate, which is strong and has plenty of scripted programming. That should add meaning multiple benefit on the linear side. And yes, hopefully, we continue to see some cyclical improvement. But we are very much focused on this secular trend, and we think we are extremely well positioned given the impression scale we have in the marketplace with EyeQ, and the revenue growth trends we are seeing. So, we are very excited about the road ahead.
Naveen Chopra: Robert, just real quick on the licensing questions that you asked. I think the $600 million number that you referenced, just to clarify, that was just an indication of the contribution of CBS content to licensing in the quarter, not a timing benefit. And next quarter, CBS content will also be a major contributor to licensing. The timing benefit that was called out was really in relation to the Filmed Entertainment segment, where we did have deals that ended up getting closed in Q2 as opposed to Q3. So, that accelerated some of the revenue. But as I have said, the licensing business in general tends to be lumpy, so its very possible you could have something similar next quarter or thereafter. So, really no major timing issues to call out.
Kristin Southey: Alright. Thank you. Operator, we will take our last question.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question goes to Bryan Kraft of Deutsche Bank. Bryan, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Bryan Kraft: Thank you. Good afternoon. I wanted to ask you on the film side, I realize we dont know at this point when the strikes will end, but if we were to assume it ends at the end of the third quarter, I was curious how you are thinking about your upcoming Paramount film releases for the remainder of the year and next year and maybe even into 25. Would you expect any disruption or delays? And on the Paramount+ side, assuming that same timing, would you expect any disruption to sub growth at some point from the strike, or do you think based on producing in advance and being able to kind of catch up, you can make up for that five months disruption in production? Thank you.
Bob Bakish: Yes, sure, Bryan. So look, I think we are all of sound as an industry that we could not get deals done with the writers and actors to avoid the situation we are in. And I would reiterate that our partnership with the creative community is critical to the health of the industry. So, we remain hopeful for a timely resolution. That said, with respect to our film fleet, the good news is we have a significant number of films, of which production is complete. That includes Killers of The Flower Moon, Bob Marley, John Krasinskis IF, as well as A Quiet Place Day One and Dear Santa with Jack Black. We also have a Mean Girls musical for Paramount+. Strikes do present some marketing challenges, something we are working to assess with respect to our lease strategy. But again, we are well stocked. And you heard the commentary on the CBS alternate schedule. That too draws from our global multi-platform asset base and is very strong. So, from a content perspective, we are in pretty good shape. Again, it all comes down to duration. And I want to reiterate that we are hopeful that we can solve this as an industry sooner rather than later because we would all like to get back in the content production business. But in the near-term, we are working to mitigate the impact to our consumers and other constituents.
Naveen Chopra: And then I will just jump in on the P+ impact specifically. Its similar in the sense that we actually feel pretty good about our slate. Our back half plan does include a number of formats that are either unaffected by the strike or things that were already in the can that include shows like Special Ops: Lioness, which is now on the service, the next season of Billions as well as our next Taylor Sheridan original women [ph]. We will continue, obviously, to get the benefit of NFL Football, the SEC and Big Ten, all three of which will be in full swing during the fall. And then we will still have our theatrical movies coming to the slate. Transformers is doing well right now and then both Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and PAW Patrol will be on the service later this year. So, we still feel good about the slate. There will be some originals that were previously planned to hit Paramount+ in Q4 that will move into 2024 due to strike-related production delays. But its really too early to sort of estimate what the impact of that will be. But we feel pretty good about our distribution plan and the slate in general.
Bob Bakish: Yes. And I would just add in closing, I want to emphasize that we remain focused on executing our strategy, and that means continuing to scale streaming while maximizing our traditional business to deliver significant total company earnings growth in 24 and create a more sustainable growth model in the process. Through it all, we will be nimble in navigating the current environment in the near-term, while focusing on creating shareholder value for the long-term. And with that, thank you, everyone, be well, and we will talk to you soon.
Operator: Thank you. This now concludes todays call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-04 15:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Nadia, and Ill be the conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Paramount Globals Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would now like to turn the call over to Kristin Southey, Paramount Globals EVP, Investor Relations. Kristin, you may now begin your conference call.
Kristin Southey: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking the time to join us for our first quarter 2023 earnings call. Joining me for todays discussion are Bob Bakish, our President and CEO; and Naveen Chopra, our CFO. Please note that in addition to our earnings release, we have trending schedules containing supplemental information available on our Web site. Before we start this morning, I want to remind you that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in more detail in our filings with the SEC. Some of todays financial remarks will focus on adjusted results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release or in our trending schedules, which contain supplemental information, and in each case, can be found in the Investor Relations section of our Web site. Now, I will turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Bakish: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Today, my remarks will cover Q1 highlights, as well as some perspective on the balance of the year, but let me start with the big picture. The media landscape is evolving, and we are executing on our plan to transform Paramount with it. We are leveraging our traditional media base, both financially and operationally, to invest in, build, and scale, [as to have] (ph) streaming networks for the 21st century. With the robust content engine at the core, all-in service are delivering long-term value to our shareholders. We are also navigating a challenging and uncertain macroeconomic environment. And you see the impact of that in our financials, as the combination of peak streaming investment intersects with cyclical ad softness. All of this makes us even more focused on making the necessary decisions to return the company to earnings growth and positive free cash flow in 2024. And to that end, we continue to hone our cost structure, align resources with growth areas, and divest non-core assets, because at the fundamental level, our strategy is working, and our momentum is strong. We are producing popular content, adding subscribers, increasing engagement, growing streaming revenue, and progressing towards key business objectives. As we do that, we see several things that encourage us. First, we are seeing signs of stabilization in the ad market, but perhaps more importantly, we are seeing the unquestionable and growing value of our content platforms to both the consumer and business community as exemplified by growing usage, as well as a broadening range of deals and partnerships. Paramount is transforming. We are confident in the companys execution, and shareholder value creation remains our top priority. With that, lets dive in. Ill begin with a look at our popular content, the foundation of Paramount and the engine thats powered our company for decades, and today that engine is stronger than ever. Its this content that underpins our DTC momentum, where revenue grew 39% year-over-year to an annual run rate of more than $6 billion. And this quarter, we reached two big global milestones for our flagship streaming services. Paramount+ grew to 60 million total subscribers, adding 4.1 million subs, while Pluto TV hit 80 million monthly active users. Importantly, both are resonating globally, not just in the U.S. Paramount+ saw a 65% year-over-year revenue increase, while total global viewing hours across Paramount+ and Pluto TV increased over 50% year-over-year and over 20% sequentially, and viewers dont just subscribe to Paramount+ or watch Pluto TV because of a single hit. They come for our broad bold slate of content, the film franchises they crave, the news they rely on, and the TV series and sporting events they are obsessed with. In the quarter, we saw Paramount+ subscriber growth driven by newly released originals like Tulsa King, Mayor of Kingstown, 1923, and Teen Wolf: The Movie, as well as some theatrical movies like Top Gun: Maverick; in sports, like the NCAA and UEFA Champions League Soccer. And on Pluto, we see the engagement of our broad and deep libraries led by the CBS brand, as well as great content we source from third parties. In Q1, the Paramount+ with Showtime bundle also benefited from strong show time content, including Your Honor and Yellowjackets. Not only were they both top acquisition drivers in the quarter, the two shows also dominated consumption, driving nearly 30% of the hour streamed on Showtime. This thanks to our devoted enthusiastic fan bases. We see this as an extremely good sign as Paramount+ is about to transition to Paramount+ with Showtime. Looking at the quarter more broadly, CBS programming strongly attracts viewers across linear and streaming. To illustrate the power of CBS, I would note that CBS programming accounted for 281 billion minutes of viewing in the quarter. Thats nearly 50% more than closet broadcast competitor, and nearly four times more than the combined total minutes spent watching original content on Amazon, Hulu, Disney+, and HBO Max, a testament to the power and scale of CBS content. I would also note that CBS with its powerful entertainment lineup, essential news offerings, and marquee sports is on track to be the most watched broadcast network for the 15th consecutive season. And in film, Paramount Pictures released the latest installment of Scream franchise: Scream VI, which opened at number one in March and is not the highest grossing installment domestically in the franchise. This to us is yet another example of the power of our franchises, and how that power keeps growing. And its not just a theatrical story, it extends to streaming too with Scream VI debuting on Paramount+ on April 25th to great results; more on its performance next quarter. Big picture, our franchises delivered consistently excellent content and drive high fan base engagement, advantages that you will see it play out again and again as we look ahead. But its not just content. Its how do we go to market and deploy that content, including in streaming. Since launch, our streaming strategy has been built on a dual revenue stream model, one that spans both subscription and advertising, and benefits from strong innovative partnership with iconic brand. To that end, we are very happy with our Walmart partnership. And we are thrilled it now includes Pluto TV. And in March, Paramount+ launched on the subscription hub for Verizon +Play customers. This partnership is another step forward, as we continue to introduce third-party partnerships to deliver ubiquitous distribution to consumers. And coming soon, Delta loyalty members on planes originating in the U.S. will have access to a special free trial of the Paramount+ premium service. Members will have the opportunity to customize their in-flight entertainment experience via Paramount+ on their personal mobile device, with big, broad and beloved hits across every genre. These powerful partnerships represent just one component of a multifaceted strategy, a strategy that has led to a streaming business with total revenue that's more than double what it was two years ago and a subscriber base on Paramount+ alone, that has grown over 3.5 times since launch. This business is in fact scaling at a rapid rate, and one that benefits from a TAM that is much bigger than TV. Yes, this takes investment. And as we've described, 2023 represents our peak investment year, but there is no question that our investment is producing results. And as we scale, we are very much on a related path to streaming profitability. Advertising the health of the market and where we are in the cycle is a topic of industry conversation. As I mentioned earlier, there are signs of stabilization in the ad market. We like what we're seeing in many categories, and we like what we're seeing in the direct side of digital. And as the market continues to turn, ad growth will improve. As it does, we are confident that the strength of our multi-platform strategy puts us in a unique position to capitalize on it. Something my recent conversations with agency and client leaders during our series of upfront events has been more convinced of than ever, we have the right strategy, assets and team in place to succeed in the evolving landscape. For example, EyeQ, our integrated suite of streaming and creative ad solutions helps brands place ads across all of our digital platforms, with a combined reach of 90 million full episode monthly unique viewers. This proprietary advertising product is built on our investments in Pluto and Paramount+. And it is a product whose reach has grown more than 50% in two years, whose ad tech and targeting capabilities are advancing at a rapid pace. That is only one example. And across our company, there's no question that our investments are creating compelling, sought after products for consumers, advertisers and distributors. But at the same time, we recognize how these investments on top of the macroeconomic headwinds that have impacted the ad market also impact earnings and our balance sheet in the short-term. So, with creating shareholder value, and financial flexibility as fundamental goals, we're deploying three key tactics, all of which, Naveen will provide additional color on. First, we are implementing significant cost saving measures across certain parts of our business. Second, we're assessing and executing on the value creation opportunities associated with the divestiture of non-core assets. Like with respect to Simon & Schuster, where we have restarted the sale process. Finally, we are amending our dividend policy. This decision will further enhance our ability to deliver long-term value for our shareholders as we move towards streaming profitability. As we look ahead, we're producing popular content across genres and platforms. And while the writer strike may cause some disruption, we are confident in our ability to manage through it given the many levers we have to pull. We will continue to deploy content across platforms in an efficient way. From theatrical movies that create revenue at the box office then move to Paramount+ to CBS Entertainment, news and sports content, which drives massive reach and engagement in broadcast and in streaming, and more. This multi-platform approach starts with our strong upcoming theatrical film slate, including four franchises in just the next four months. The highly anticipated Transformers: Rise of the Beasts in June, the Return of Tom Cruise in July and Mission Impossible - Dead Reckoning Part One, Seth Rogen's Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Mutant Mayhem in August, and PAW Patrol: The Mighty Movie in September, all of which have incredible buzz including coming out of last week CinemaCon in Vegas. Paramount+ is increasingly a destination for excellent streaming content. Sure, the films I just mentioned will make their way to Paramount+ after a theatrical run, but there is much more than that to it. Fatal Attraction, just debuted on the platform, and we're excited to release Taylor Sheridan's next show Special Ops Lioness starring Zoe Saldana with Morgan Freeman and Nicole Kidman in the summer, we will also shortly see the unscripted side of Sylvester Stallone in The Family Stallone. And in sports the combination of CBS and Paramount+ has a strong slate coming, including the UEFA Champions League Final, and all of the PGA Tours FedEx playoff cup events, followed by Big 10 Football later in the year accompanying the return of the NFL and SEC. Likewise, news will power engagement both on CBS and Paramount+, including favorites like CBS Mornings, which has been consistently growing share, and from Nickelodeon Studios will have all new series and movies based on Classic Nick Properties, including Good Burger 2, Zoey 102, The Thundermans and the Loud House. Coming to Paramount+ and Nickelodeon Linear, finally, we're thrilled to begin to bring the integrated Paramount+ with Showtime product to market this summer, a game changing multi-platform offering we are very excited about. This product will integrate Paramount+ content with the Showtime slate, including highly successful series like the Chai, which will be returning for season six this summer, along with a collection of Showtime franchises as we look to the balance of the year and early '24. So, once again, there's a lot here for the whole household. And that will drive subs and engagement, as Paramount+ rapidly becomes a cornerstone streaming service. Before I hand it off to Naveen, I want to close by underscoring what remains our top priority, generating long-term shareholder value from our franchise fueled content slate to our innovative partnerships to the powerful scale of our platforms, this is a company that knows its strengths, knows how to build on them, and one that is positioned to succeed, including as the macro environment continues to stabilize, which makes us excited about the path ahead. And with that, I'll hand it over to Naveen.
Naveen Chopra: Thank you, Bob. Good morning, everyone. Our Q1 results reflect a combination of strong momentum from Paramount content, investment in our DTC business and the continued impact of macro headwinds. Today I'm going to cover three things. First, I'll provide additional color on a few elements of our Q1 results. Second, I will talk about optimizing our capital allocation. And third, I'll discuss our expectations for earnings and free cash flow improvement in the back-half of this year and into 2024. In Q1, we delivered total company revenue of $7.3 billion and adjusted OIBDA of $548 million. Our press release includes a comprehensive review of key financial and operational results for the quarter. I'm going to focus my comments here on four specific areas, affiliate and subscription revenue, advertising, our filmed entertainment results, and cash flow. Affiliate and subscription revenue growth accelerated to 12% this quarter, continued evidence that the ecosystem shift from paid TV to streaming yields material growth for our business. Notably, we saw improving trends in both linear and streaming. On the linear side, TV media affiliate revenue declined 1% year-over-year, an improvement versus Q4. And in streaming, DTC subscription revenue was up 50% year-over-year, Paramount+ subscription revenue saw even stronger growth driven by subscriber additions, an increase in ARPU and improvements in domestic churn. Looking ahead, we expect healthy levels of year-over-year affiliate and subscription revenue growth to continue over the next several quarters, aided in part by the integration of Showtime and Paramount+. From a subscriber perspective, we expect net ads in Q2 will be seasonally soft ahead of the release of key content titles and marketing initiatives aligned with the rollout of the integrated service, which will occur throughout Q3 and Q4. Now let's turn to advertising. The global ad market continued to experience weakness in Q1, resulting in a 7% decline in total advertising revenue. This consisted of 15% growth in DTC advertising, and an 11% decline in TV media advertising. The decline in TV media was impacted by international markets and fewer NFL games than in the prior-year. However, we are seeing signs of market stabilization. Within the domestic ad market, sports remains an area of strength, we also saw improvement in key buying categories including pharmaceuticals, food and beverage, travel and auto. Though categories like insurance, web services and big tech remain relatively weak. With respect to Q2, we expect the year-over-year trends in TV media advertising to be slightly favorable to what we reported in Q1. And in DTC advertising, we expect continued acceleration. Related to digital advertising, Pluto TV hit a new milestone in Q1, reaching 80 million MAUs. We're proud of this milestone and we expect global MAU growth to continue. However, the key driver of Pluto's future revenue growth will be the strong engagement trends we're seeing. In fact, total viewing hours on Pluto increased 35% in Q1 after growing nearly 20% in 2022. Going forward, we'll provide updates on engagement rather than reporting quarterly MAUs as we believe this is more indicative of Pluto's revenue growth opportunity. Moving on to Film Entertainment, revenue and OIBDA were down versus the prior year, due in part to the timing and performance of the film slate. In terms of timing, Dungeons & Dragons: Honor Among Thieves was released on the last day of the quarter, such that expenses were incurred without significant revenue contribution. And in terms of performance, Q1 included Operation Fortune from Miramax, which contributed to lower profitability of the film slate relative to the prior year. Filmed entertainment OIBDA was also negatively impacted by macro driven softness in consumer products licensing. Looking ahead to Q2, filmed entertainment revenue and OIBDA will be down significantly versus the prior year due to the tough comp against Top Gun: Maverick. This year, Q2 will include Transformers: Rise of the Beasts, our next big franchise film, which will be released on June 9. The quarter will also include significant marketing expenses related to Mission Impossible, which will be released in early Q3. As a result of these timing dynamics, we expect a filmed entertainment OIBDA loss in Q2 that will be somewhat better than Q1. Given that the expenses for our biggest films this year are weighted to the front half, we expect significant improvement in filmed entertainment OIBDA in the back-half of the year, driven by our strong lineup of franchise films including Mission: Impossible 7, PAW Patrol and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. Moving on to cash flow, in Q1, free cash flow was a use of $554 million. This reflects our previously shared expectations for negative free cash flow for the full-year 2023 with the first-half of the year showing a use of capital and the back-half of the year turning positive. The improvement in the back-half will be driven by the timing of our film slate, streaming ARPU growth, and improvement in advertising trends. Now let's turn to capital allocation. As we stated in the past, our capital allocation goals are threefold. First, we want to invest in organic growth. Second, we want to de-lever the balance sheet; and third, to return capital to shareholders. In order to continue to accomplish these goals in an uncertain macroeconomic environment, we're doing the following. First, with respect to organic growth, we're highly focused on efficiency. While growing our streaming business to an annual run rate of over $6 billion, we're capturing $700 million of future annual expense savings through the integration of Showtime. And as we progress through the integration, we're increasingly confident about our ability to get even more from our core franchise content investments, and believe we will ultimately capture more than the $700 million in future expense savings. In fact, the programming charge incurred in Q1 illustrates our ability to concentrate content investments going forward. Second, we continue to manage net debt by divesting non-core assets. We have restarted the sale process for Simon & Schuster. And we see a path potentially closing a transaction this year. The combination of initial interest and strong operating performance of the business over the last several years gives us confidence in our ability to maximize the value of this asset for our shareholders. With respect to capital returns, we will be reducing Paramount's quarterly dividend on common shares to $0.05 or $0.20 annually. This change provides additional financial flexibility and enhances long-term value creation while continuing to return capital to shareholders. The dividend modification will be effective as of our next payment and will result in approximately $500 million of annualized cash savings. We believe this combination of actions across organic investment and expense reduction, non-core asset sales and dividend policy reflect a prudent capital allocation strategy in an era which presents both macro uncertainty and tremendous growth opportunity. Finally, I would like to address our path to earnings and free cash flow improvement which starts with our world-class studios who continue to deliver popular franchise content and leverages our global distribution platforms to monetize content across theatrical, linear, streaming, and licensing channels. At the same time, we are keenly focused on commercial execution which preserves the earnings and cash flow from our traditional TV media businesses while also narrowing DTC losses. And there are several key levers that enable us to accomplish these goals. At TV media, OBIDA benefit from contractual rate increases as well as ongoing cost rationalization. Importantly, we expect to generate meaningful revenue and OBIDA in this large segment of our business for the foreseeable future. And in streaming, DTC earnings improvement will be a driven by a combination of subscriber growth and ARPU expansion as well as margin improvement unlocked by slowing growth in content expense and other operating efficiencies. Overall, we remain on track for peak streaming investment in 2023. In combination with continued cost optimization in our traditional business and recovery in the advertising marketplace, were poised to deliver meaningful total company earnings growth and positive free cash flow in 2024. We have taken steps to a build a stronger, leaner, more integrated one Paramount while positioning the company for earnings growth and value creation. With that, operator, lets open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today goes to Michael Morris of Guggenheim. Michael, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Michael Morris: Thank you, guys. Good morning. Bob, firstly Ill ask you on Direct-to-Consumer. You had strong subscriber and subscription revenue growth at Paramount+. As you look forward this year, can you expand a little bit more on the balance of subscriber growth and pricing power that you expect to drive that continued subscription revenue growth from here? And then, I apologize I have to ask you the second though on Naveen, I need to ask you why now was the time to reduce the dividend so significantly? So, based on your comments overall, it seems that the level of investment that you are going through is consistent with the plan had all along, and that dividend level is such an important outward signal of your sustained confidence. So, I am hoping you can dig in a little bit more and help us specifically with what drove that change now? Thank you, guys.
Bob Bakish: Sure, Mike. Let me start, and then Ill pass it to Naveen for a little more of DTC and then the dividend piece. So, look, were thrilled with the momentum we continue to see for Paramount+. We talked about the 60 million subscriber milestone in the quarter, and we do look to grow both on a subscriber side and very importantly revenue side, as we continue in the year and beyond, and that goes along the associated path to profitability. Focusing on Paramount+ growth in the back-half of the year, look, it starts with content. At the end of the day, [some news said] (ph) content is king. It is what people come to an immediate service for, including Paramount+. And you saw the success of our slate in the first quarter. And we feel really good about it for the balance of the year. And again, its entertainment, which is a great driver of subscriber additions and engagement. Its news, which is more of an engagement vehicle. And its sports, which has been great for us on both. As the year tracks out, the second quarter for terms of subscriber addition is probably seasonally a little softer. And then, we pick it up in the back-half of the year again. Part of that is in the U.S., the combination of Paramount+ with Showtime. We think that has clearly added to the Paramount+ sub base. And then - but part of it is just the content slate writ large. Add to that the revenue side of this -- oh, before I get to revenue, I want to also talk about the marketing. As you know, we continue to expand our partnership approach, including with Paramount+. The Walmart One is working very well for us. We are about to line up Delta. Thats going to be interesting as well. So, we are doing a bunch of stuff on the marketing side to add to it. And then, go to revenue. ARPU, as you know, we are effectuating a price increase as we move forward in the summer. We feel really great about that. So, the levers are in place to continue to drive Paramount+ subscribers, revenue, and ultimately continue down this path to profitability. Naveen?
Naveen Chopra: Yes. Thanks, Bob. And Mike, Ill just add a few things on the DTC point and then address your question on the dividend. As Bob said, on DTC, this is a combination of subscriber growth as well as ARPU growth. Bob talked about a number of the drivers on those. I would just add, particularly with respect to ARPU, we continue to see growth there both from a favorable mix shift in terms of tiers, channels, geography. Were also seeing some good trends from an ad ARPU growth perspective. So, thats going to continue to contribute to growth going forward. And it benefits from nice growth that we are seeing in terms of engagement, hours per sub, and the like. And then, the pricing piece, which Bob mentioned, and I think is really worth reiterating, all the pieces are in place for us to, I think, successfully raise pricing without a significant impact on churn and growth. The value proposition for P+ both relative to other streaming services and traditional pay television remains incredibly strong. And as I said, engagement on the service is only getting deeper. So, were very encouraged by what we can do there. And we are going to be taking really just the first step this year. I think there also future opportunities to grow price down the road, both domestically and internationally. So, thats DTC. And then, with respect to your question on the dividend, look, I think the capital allocation policy, the changes we made to our capital allocation policy are totally appropriate for a company that has both the compelling growth opportunity we see today, but operating in the current macro environment, there is no debate that our streaming momentum has obviously continued to build. But the reality is the macro environment has not gotten less complex. So, its prudent really for all companies to optimize their balance sheet for flexibility. And thats exactly what we are doing by reducing the quarterly dividend to $0.05. That does translate to significant cash savings. Roughly, $500 million annually as mentioned while still returning some capital to shareholders. And two, one of the elements of your question, I would emphasize that the reduction in the dividend does not mean that we intend to spend more than previously planned on streaming. You should really think of this as the cash benefit of reducing the dividend, along with other initiatives like non-core asset sales and continued cost management, is intended to help delever our balance sheet, which is generally a smart thing to do in an uncertain macro environment. And is also a key ingredient in creating long-term shareholder value which is, of course, the primary goal that we have.
Kristin Southey: Okay. Operator, we can take the next question.
Operator: Thank you. The next question goes to Brett Feldman of Goldman Sachs. Brett, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Brett Feldman: Yes. I think you have taken the question. Naveen, you expressed a great deal of confidence that youll continue to see significant cash generation at the TV media segment for a number of years. I think we all appreciate the rate dynamic that you highlighted in terms of the opportunity to continue to get good rate out of the affiliate fee, but if you could go little deeper into the P&L and talk about some of the opportunities to drive OpEx efficiencies in the business. We get a lot of questions about the flexibility to contain non-sports-related content cost. And then, there are any other operating cost within the P&L you think you can make headway against as you sort of grapple with the core cutting environment? Thank you.
Naveen Chopra: Yes, sure, Brett. Thanks for the question. And as you said that the top line dynamics are important here as well, because even though the traditional ecosystem is obviously evolving, the financial impact for us is somewhat mitigated, given the combination of rate increases in both linear advertising side and linear affiliate revenues, which offset some of that ecosystem shift. We saw that in Q1, where linear affiliate revenue declines were just 1%, which is much lower than what you see in terms of declines in the pay-TV sub base overall. But with respect to the cost base, which you specifically asked about, there are numerous levers that we continue to exercise. That includes variety of opportunities on programming, things like continuing to evolve the mix of genres, transitioning some of our programming to lower cost formats, moving more production offshore where factor costs are significantly lower, and we are even doing things like adopting AI for content localization, which by the way, produces some really high-quality results that's very, very compelling economics. So, lots to do on the programming side. Beyond programming, we are taking a highly disciplined approach to headcount and continuing to find efficiencies there. And also, evolving marketing budgets where it makes sense and where we can do so efficiently. Then we are also doing some things around licensing, which is little more revenue-related, but we do see opportunity to expand our licensing business in, call it, non-core international marketplace. So, the way I think about it, it's really the combination of our ability to mitigate some of the ecosystem declines on the top line, while also exercising a lot of these levers on the cost side, the combination of which means that TV media OIBDA will continue to be a source of significant earnings in cash flow going forward.
Kristin Southey: Operator?
Operator: Thank you. The next question goes to Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley. Ben, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you. Good morning. Maybe for Naveen, just on the content spending front, you talked about the dividends saving the company a lot of money, but obviously cash content spending is your biggest cash outflow. Can you give us any guidance on how you see cash content spending over time? That seems like another big lever, could that decline? And then just back on the dividend timing, I hear you on the macro, but do you guys are also talking about the ad market getting better? You just mentioned your affiliate revenues improving. The ad markets have been weak for a while. Were there other catalysts that the board and the management team looked at that determine this was the right time to cut the dividend in this magnitude, because a lot of these headwinds I think have been around for some time now, I just wanted to see if you had any more to add? Thanks a lot.
Naveen Chopra: Yes, look, I think I will go in the reverse order there, Ben. With respect to dividends, I just said it really is about providing as much financial flexibility as possible and finding ways to create the most value for our shareholders. And I think having a strong balance sheet is helpful to that. And the macro environment is something that we are cautious of as we think about what the balance sheet should look like. So, that is very much the motivation there. With respect to your question on content spend over time, I would say a few things, number one, really since we launched Paramount+ we have had a strategy which is very focused on being as efficient as possible in how we deploy cash related to content for building out streaming. If you remember, we embrace the concept of sharing content across platforms to reduce cost and maximize our ally. We lean very heavily into franchises, which are fundamentally more cost-efficient. We never abandoned third-party licensing, and we took a very capital efficient approach to international expansion. Now, we are always looking for ways to be even more efficient that content spend. That's one of the reasons that we decided to integrate Showtime and Paramount+, which as we said last quarter, means more than 700 million of future expense savings, not all of which is content. And I think I also noted that the time that does mean DTC content expansion 2024 should actually be less than what we originally indicated. And we are not stopping there. We are pushing even harder to unlock additional savings. That means even bigger focus on franchises, and some of the things I referenced earlier, genre mix, formats, order size, looking at the special effect budget, international development et cetera. And I think the combination of those things means we will likely find even more efficiencies in content spend across both linear and streaming than what we have assumed today.
Kristin Southey: Operator, we can take the next question.
Operator: Thank you. The next question goes to Jessica Reif Ehrlich of Bank of America Securities. Jessica, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you. Maybe moving over to advertising, you have taken a different approach this year. Can you give us your current upfront expectations, given the macro and secular challenges, and maybe talk about like a ward for linear? And then, on the writers strike, how prepared do you think you're, and will it potentially reduce care spend at least in the near-term?
Bob Bakish: Yes, sure, Jessica. I will take both of those. Let me do the writers strike first. It's a little bit shorter. Starting with, writers are an essential part of creating content that our audiences enjoy really across platform, and we hope we can come to a resolution that works for everyone fairly quickly, but it's also fair to say there is a pretty big gap today, and it's really a multifaceted ask. So, obviously we've been planning to this. We do have many levers to pull, and that will allow us to manage through the strike even if it's for an extended duration. In terms of those levers, we have a lot in the can, so to speak, content in the can. So, with the exceptional things like Late-Night, consumers really won't notice anything for a while. Add to that, a broad range of reality and unscripted where we are definitely a leader, as well as sports, and that's not affected. And so, look, we can do more in those areas if necessary, and again, we have a leadership position overall. Plus, we have offshore production, which we have been moving to leverage prehistoric anyway, as part of our broader strategy, and Naveen touched on that. Plus, finally one of the largest libraries in media features television series, multiple demographics, et cetera, which we can pull from to fill the schedules. So, we are well-positioned to navigate that, and by the way, in case, because I'm sure you're wondering in terms of financial impact, it really ultimately depends on duration of the strike, but at this point we think it's probably slightly dilutive to revenue, flat on OIBDA, and accretive to your question to cash. But again, ultimately really a function of how long it lasts. Over to the ad side, when you said we're doing something differently, you're referring to our upfront events, which I will come to, big picture retail grade about our proposition to advertisers in their agencies, I've been associated with it for a long time, and frankly I think it's strong as it's ever been, given our differentiated platform portfolio, industry-leading creative integration, advertising a lot on alternate measurement, and of course, a popular content, including sports, and by the way, we have the next Super Bowl, so that's August. We did realign our sales force in terms of doing something differently. Also we realigned it. So, now it's easier to do business with us, particularly if you are agency holding company, where you now have a dedicated team serving you that's knowledgeable about your business, and again, can give you turnkey access. With respect to the upfront, we did a couple of things differently this year. In fact, we just wrapped nine upfront events in a new format that really strong resonated with our clients in the room. They liked it. It's targeting specific buyer groups. It was more intimate. It was really quality two-way conversation, and that contracts kind of with the old model of one big presentation event and then a huge party after not really effective anymore for the day. By the way we did it earlier, that's clearly better. And for us, it's one of those rare move that's more effective based on the feedback we got, and more efficient because in aggregate it costs significantly less in the old model. So, we feel great about that. And again, we are in the very early stages of the upfront. I'm not going to comment on what's going on; price, volume, et cetera, because at the end of the day, it's an active negotiation, and it doesn't make sense to get into it live on the call. So, that's it. I will say, by the way, without getting into it, we definitely have a plan here, we are executing against that plan. And I do believe that when the dust settles, we will clearly demonstrate the power of Paramount in the ad space, so feeling good about it going in.
A - Kristin Southey: Okay. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. The next question goes to Rich Greenfield of LightShed Partners. Rich, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Rich Greenfield: Thanks for taking the question. I got a couple, I mean first on Paramount+, you're growing subs that are pretty healthy clip leveraging a bunch of the structural deals that you've done with partners. But I'm sort of wondering about through the engagement side of Paramount+, it looks like ad revenue is still relatively small on a personal basis, somewhat sub $2 versus your peers that are upwards of $9 or $10. And I assume that's engagement driven. And I'm just sort of wondering as advertising becomes a bigger part of Paramount+, what are you doing marketing spend or content production wise meaning more to drive overall time spent per user per day on Paramount+, I'd love to get your sense there. And then just sort of following-up on something that Bob and Naveen, you were talking about before in terms of headcount, or the cost side of the equation. I think you ended last year with like 24,000 employees, I'm just wondering is sort of you look at sort of the pressure on the cable network, media network, CBS, MTV, et cetera. What's the right, how much lower can that go without really eating into sort of the core strength like an employee count get cut in half over the next five years? Like how much smaller can the employee count get? How do you think about reducing headcount going forward? Thanks.
Bob Bakish: Naveen, why don't you start with the ad placement DTC?
Naveen Chopra: Yes, sure. So, Rich, as it relates to your question on engagement and ad monetization, short answer is we're very bullish about the opportunity to grow at ARPU on P+. That opportunity really begins with engagement. And we've seen really strong momentum there. In fact, if you look at our Q1 results, the viewing hours per sub actually grew double-digits, both sequentially, and year-over-year. And I expect we'll see further growth and engagement. As the content slate continues to expand as awareness continues to grow and frankly, as we get even better at optimizing the programming strategy, recommendations, and the like, I think there's a really interesting data point that is relevant there, in the form of customers who use the current Showtime P+ bundle, those customers spend about 20% more time on the service, and they watched 40% more titles than the folks in standalone Paramount+. So, there's clearly significant opportunity for us to continue to grow engagement, which means significant opportunity for ad monetization, particularly when the ad market improves. So, quite frankly, even the current trajectory is encouraging. I think domestic ad ARPU similar to engagement was up double-digits this quarter on both a sequential and a year-over-year basis. So, big value creation opportunity there.
Bob Bakish: Yes, and going to your question about the cost side, clearly start with it's something we are very focused on as an umbrella point, if you look and you could think Rich when we started this conversation seven years ago, at the time on the cable networks side, we had probably five fully built out groups organizationally programming each set of networks. Fast forward to today, through consolidation, call it economics, we now have one kind of master cable networks group here in the U.S. And I'm going to come back to the international side in a second. And they're running all the networks with a slight exception, and we're in the middle of effectuating the latest step on that which is the Showtime consolidation into effectively the U.S. cable group. And so, there's all kinds of economic savings there. And we continue to ask the question of how can we extract more from operating a set of networks as a portfolio managed in a single group and that goes to organization, that goes to how we use content, that goes to cross promo, et cetera. And again, we've seen significant benefit along the way. And we think there is further road to go. And right now we're just in the middle of integrating Showtime. And if you look at, for example, what we did with Your Honor, most recently, we launched that show on the back of this second season on the back of what we call the Yellowstone Launchpad on Paramount network. That probably would, that was much easier to do as we integrated the structure into one than it was previously. And those are the kinds of things we'll continue to model mine. As you look outside the U.S. and the International, there's two things you should know, again, going to the cost. One is we've now globalized management of those networks. So, Chris's team is ultimately thinking about how can we run that whole portfolio more efficiently and effectively. And related to that, we are going from a place where you have country specific feeds to in a way it's back to the future. It's shared feeds with local opt outs and multiple language tracks, which has all kinds of efficiencies. So, there is I'm not going to get into what the specific headcount could be. But rest assured, that is something we are very focused on and we will continue to extract benefits as we go forward.
Kristin Southey: Okay. Operator, we can take the next question.
Operator: Thank you. The next question goes to Robert Fishman of MoffettNathanson. Robert, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Robert Fishman: Hi, good morning. I got one for Bob and one related one for Naveen. First Bob, can you give us your latest thoughts on keeping your key IP exclusive to your own platforms instead of selling it off to third-parties, and specifically, maybe speak to selling the SpongeBob spinoff movie to Netflix, whether we should interpret that as like a shift away from keeping content exclusive to Paramount+? And then for Naveen, how much does licensing content to third-parties, or the international licensing, you called out earlier help in terms of getting back to that free cashflow positive next year?
Bob Bakish: Yes, sure, Robert. So, look there's been fundamentally no change to our views on content licensing. In general, we believe in a balanced strategy with two key components, keeping our franchise content for our owned and operated platforms on a first window basis. We think that's a real strategic advantage, it certainly drives subscribers. And you've seen that to great effect with Paramount+, but at the same time, and we used to be an outlier here, other people are pivoting back to the rationality of the approach, we do believe in monetizing content, mostly library content on a co-exclusive or non-exclusive basis with third-parties because the fact is it generates incremental revenues, incremental margins, incremental franchise impressions, which are good for that, and doesn't really adversely affect subscriber acquisition on the O&O side. Yes, we do things from time to time, particularly in international markets with a franchise remember, Paramount+ isn't fully penetrated yet on a global basis. It's very much. We're nine in the top 10 streaming markets. But the world is a pretty big place, as you know. So, content licensing can be very important on a rest of world basis. But the main thing is we haven't changed our point of view on licensing. We believe in this dual model of core IP and franchises to drive O&O particularly streaming, combined with a broader licensing strategy. And we continue to evaluate opportunities against that, that framework including we believe there are some broader licensing opportunities that have financial upside, but that's licensing. Naveen?
Naveen Chopra: Yes. So, Rob, with respect to sort of the financial impact of that, particularly the international component. Obviously, we're not going to give you any specific numbers there, though, I'd say a few things. Number one, that business is a high margin business, and so it can be a nice contributor. It's largely about licensing stuff that has already been produced for other channels. So, unlike the original production business, which is a little lower margin, this one can be a nice contributor. And I suspect it'll grow over time. More importantly, there are multiple drivers for earnings and free cash flow growth in '24. And I think it's important to remember what those are and the potential that they have. We talked about them last quarter, and they continue to apply. We were expecting to see significant growth in Paramount+ subscribers and ARPU, i.e. revenue growth. We are tracking nicely in terms of the integration of Showtime and Paramount+, which unlocks both top line benefit as well as significant savings in content and other places. That does mean you will see slowing growth in streaming content spend, as well as marketing efficiencies that we get through content leverage, more utilization and promotional inventory et cetera. So, those are the big drivers into '24, and we remain confident in what will deliver them.
Kristin Southey: Operator, we can take another question.
Operator: Thank you. The next question goes to Doug Mitchelson of Credit Suisse. Doug, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Doug Mitchelson: Thanks so much for taking the question. So, I'm curious, are there other assets that you're considering selling beyond Simon & Schuster, just sort of unclear from the preamble, if you are thinking more broadly there? And then, Naveen, on the positive free cash flow 2024, I was just hoping you could outline the bridge, and you kind of mentioned further on DTC, is it simple as flowing through EBITDA growth, or are there other drivers of free cash flow beyond operating growth? Thank you so much.
Bob Bakish: Yes, I will speak to the asset sales, and throw to Naveen. We are always looking for ways to maximize shareholder value. That might involve divesting, acquiring or potential partnering on an asset, and by the way, we have done all three of those things. So, we look at everything. As I indicated in my remarks, we are now back in the market with Simon & Schuster. We feel very good about the value creation opportunity there, given both its operating performance, which is substantially superior to what it was when we bought it to the market before, and frankly, the level of buyer interest, there is lot of interest. So, we feel good about that. And depending on who the ultimate buyer ends up being, we see a type of buyer really; we see a pack potentially closing that deal this year. I'm not going to comment on any other speculative -- there is a bunch of speculation out there, transaction is what we might do, all those again to reinforce we're always looking for ways to maximize shareholder value. Naveen?
Naveen Chopra: Yes. And Doug, with respect to your question on free cash flow, I think I just took it through some of the sort of operational levers, if you will, that will drive the business into '24. If you think about it through more of just a pure financial end, yes, OIBDA improvement is a big contributor to the improvements that we expect to see in free cash flow, but there are also benefits from a working capital perspective. We talked about this dynamic, where over the last few years as we have ramped up in streaming, you saw significant growth in sort of cash content spend. And then it takes a little while for the expense side of that to -- the P&L side of that to show up, because of the nature of amortization. What you will see going into '24 and beyond is actually that the cash content growth really starts to slow very significantly. And you start to get a place where the rate of growth in cash content and P&L expense will start to converge. But there is going to be real benefits from a working capital perspective over the next couple of years, because of those dynamics.
Kristin Southey: Okay. Operator, we can take our last question.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question goes to Phil Cusick of JPMorgan. Phil, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Phil Cusick: Hi, thank you for getting me in. I heard the comment around lower content cost in '24 from DTC. How should we think about your '24 goals around revenue and subscribers given the Showtime integration? And then, maybe Naveen, you have not talked about this before, but how is retail churn trending in the Paramount+ base growth overall, and does the cohorts mature? Thank you.
Naveen Chopra: Yes, thanks, Phil. So, first with respect to '24 goals, we talked about this a little bit on our last call, we've continued to be very bullish about DTC growth overall. There are some puts and takes in terms of what's going on in terms of the ad market, but we are, I would say, ahead of our plans with respect to Paramount+ growth subs revenue et cetera. I noted that with respect to content expense, the integration of Showtime and Paramount+, we think does puts in a position where we'll actually be spending less in 2024 than we originally indicated. So, I think in general, we continue to be very excited about the trajectory of the DTC business relative to our plan. Regarding the question on retail churn characteristics, I think the short answer is churn continues to improve. We saw that in Q1, and it's been pretty consistent theme as we see really nice improvements in engagement, the content portfolio continues to expand, we get more partnerships in place, all of those things are beneficial from a churn perspective, and that's definitely one of the key ingredients that's going to drive revenue growth going forward. So, we like what we are seeing there.
Bob Bakish: Yes. And with that, in closing, look, I want to emphasize that we have momentum, and importantly, we have conviction. So, we are going to focus on driving market-leading streaming growth, while navigating this dynamic macroeconomic environment, and know that the decisions we're making will position us well for our pack of streaming profitability, significant earnings growth, and a return to positive free cash flow in 2024. So, we are laser-focused. Thank you everyone. We appreciate your support, and be well, we will talk to you soon.
Operator: Thank you. This now concludes todays call. Thank you so much for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-16 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Nadia, and Ill be the conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Paramount Globals Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Anthony DiClemente, Paramount Globals EVP, Investor Relations. You may now begin your conference call.
Anthony DiClemente: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking the time to join us for our fourth quarter 2022 earnings call. Joining me for todays discussion are Bob Bakish, our President and CEO; and Naveen Chopra, our CFO. Please note that in addition to our earnings release, we have trending schedules containing supplemental information available on our website. Before we start this morning, I want to remind you that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in more detail in our filings with the SEC. Some of todays financial remarks will focus on adjusted results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release or in our trending schedules, which contain supplemental information and in each case can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. And now, I will turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Bakish: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, Im excited to provide our perspective on Paramounts performance as we closed out 2022, and Ill give you a preview of where were driving in 2023 and beyond. Let me begin by noting that almost one year ago, we announced that ViacomCBS would become Paramount, reflecting our determination to streamline operations and become a single integrated company. Weve increasingly worked together as One Paramount with one vision: to make popular content, to make that content popular and to drive long-term value for our shareholders. And our One Paramount has had one approach: a multi-platform strategy that leverages our existing business, our distinct content strategy and our expansive relationships to evolve successfully through an industry-wide transformation. That approach is delivering, and as well describe made 2022 a milestone year for Paramount with incredible momentum across our content and platforms. As planned, 2022 was also an investment year in our streaming business. Those investments, coupled with a challenging economic environment, including softness in the ad market, impacted earnings and cash flow. But it only sharpened our focus on delivering bottom line growth once we pass peak streaming investment this year. Im incredibly proud of our progress, hitting and in most cases, exceeding the key streaming metrics we set out to achieve. The differentiated strategy we committed to is working, and were going to continue to execute on our plan. As we moved into 2023, we see a year of continued content and platform momentum ahead of us, a year of further scaling streaming as we hit the peak investment point, a year where we further harness the power of One Paramount, including importantly with our Paramount+ Showtime integration and a year where we look to the ad market to turn as we get to the back half. Importantly, the execution of our 2023 plan will set the stage for a return to significant earnings growth in 2024 and a return to positive free cash flow. Let me get into this a bit more. First, looking back at 2022 and then looking ahead to 2023. In 2022, our content engine definitively proved itself at the highest level. Think the years biggest domestic film Top Gun: Maverick and five other number ones in the theaters; the number one show on television, Yellowstone and its expanding universe; mass market broadcast hits like FBI, NCIS and Fire Country; and popular Paramount+ originals like Tulsa King, 1923 and Criminal Minds: Evolution. We know our audiences, which enables us to efficiently manage content spend across platforms. To that end, we focused on developing, expanding and exploiting the premium content franchises fans love, an approach well lean into more and more. The results are powerful. Our world-class content engine has driven the biggest subscriber additions in paid streaming since launch, including an industry-leading 9.9 million new Paramount+ subscribers in Q4. It led to continued leadership in free ad supported streaming television with 6.5 million new monthly active users of Pluto TV in Q4. As Pluto TV grew not just in the U.S., but globally. In 2022, our content engine also drove huge success at the U.S. box office with six Paramount Pictures films opening at number one and the strongest performance in broadcast, fueling CBS 14-year streak as the number one network. When you combine that with our cable performance, its why Paramount regained the crown as the most watched media family on linear TV in Q4. And important to note that our content engine, combined with our disciplined execution and tight expense management, also enabled continued stability of TV Media earnings in Q4 despite ongoing ad revenue headwinds. 2022 was also an important year of expansion, where we gained important streaming footholds in international markets, including launches in the UK, Ireland, Italy, France, Germany, the Nordics, Canada and South Korea and where we created new and expanded partnerships with the likes of Walmart, Delta, Sky, Canal+, Corus, Amazon, Roku and others to rapidly become a streaming partner of choice in the transforming media landscape globally. Looking back at 2022, our differentiated strategy is clearly working, and our execution is strong. So lets talk about 2023. 2023 will be another year of content momentum. Our 2023 film slate is strong and driven by some of our most popular franchises, including Scream, Mission Impossible, Transformers and PAW Patrol. And CBS momentum is only getting stronger. The network is on the verge of achieving number one status for the 15th straight broadcast year. And we see great stability in the schedule with very few slots to fill and thus limited and very focused pilot activity, which is also good for our economics. On Paramount+, you will see all of this plus more great Paramount+ originals. Sure, Criminal Minds, Tulsa King, 1923 and all your other favorites will return. Add to that great new series like Fatal Attraction with Lizzy Caplan and Joshua Jackson, Rabbit Hole with Kiefer Sutherland and Lioness with Nicole Kidman and Morgan Freeman. 2023 will also be an important year with respect to advertising, where we are looking forward to an improvement in the market in the back half of the year. The ad market, as we know, has been cyclically tough. And like our peers, we felt its impact in 2022. But our portfolio puts us in an excellent position to build on the early stabilization were seeing, and we are seeing early signs of stabilization in advertising. The sports marketplace continues to be active across the NFL, PGA and NCAA. We like what were seeing in travel and pharma, and recent activity in auto is encouraging. More importantly, because we bring together broadcast, free and pay ad-supported streaming on a turnkey basis, Paramount is positioned to strongly benefit as the market improves. 2023 will also be an important year in the multiyear evolution of streaming as a business. We are now at the point where we are getting to scale with streaming generating over $5.5 billion in annual revenue on a run rate basis as we exit Q4. Since day one, we have executed against a plan to build a profitable streaming business, one that achieves TV Media-like margins. To get there necessitate an investment phase. And now in 2023, entering the third year of Paramount+ in the marketplace, we are at peak investment. And Id note again that the recent macro headwinds have only sharpened our execution and the discipline with which we are managing this investment. As in 2022, the combination of streaming investment and the current state of the ad market will impact earnings and cash flow in 2023, but we have the scale and flexibility to support it. And importantly, we see losses narrowing significantly in 2024, resulting in meaningful total company earnings growth and a return to positive free cash flow. As you think about our streaming path to profitability, its important to understand three distinct drivers: D2C revenue growth, content spending and operational efficiencies. Let me tackle each in turn. First, we will continue to drive D2C revenue growth. Subscriptions are important, and the number of subscribers will continue to grow in 2023, but the real focus is revenue. Revenue at scale is critical to building a profitable streaming business. Across the globe, we will pursue this first and foremost by leveraging our compelling content. Well also drive revenue growth with price increases. We all know streaming represents incredible value for consumers. And the Paramount+ offering is far from the industry price leader. We are on the value end of the pricing spectrum. And so in 2023, we will raise price, both for Paramount+ Premium and Essential, both in the U.S. and select international markets. Naveen will get into this a bit more. Growth in advertising will also benefit D2C ARPU. And finally, we see partnerships as another lever for revenue growth, including new relationships with Delta, 3 and Orange, among others. Second, we will drive towards profitability by continuing to efficiently manage our content spend. By far, our biggest lever to manage spending is to focus on franchises. The higher levels of consumer awareness and built-in fan bases associated with this IP drive strong subscriber acquisition volume, lower acquisition costs, lower churn and extend LTVs. Put simply, franchises give the people what they want. We see this with Paramount Films, with CBS series, with the Taylor Sheridan universe, with Nicks kids product and more. And while we will, of course, continue to take selective swings on new IP, theres no question that franchises are a powerful advantage. Well also manage spending by continuing to lean into our multi-platform advantage. This increases the size of our total addressable market, gives us access to broader revenue streams and maximizes our return on content investments. You see us doing this with Paramount Films crossing theatrical and streaming, which are among the most efficient on a cost per start basis. You see us doing this with the CBS slate, where we exposed product to a wider audience, including, importantly, a streaming audience that is nearly 20 years younger than our broadcast audience. As an aside, Id point out that CBS original cross-platform content is performing at a level comparable to Netflix. In Q4, U.S. viewers spent 370 billion minutes consuming CBS content alone on both linear and digital. Thats virtually the same amount of time as viewers spent with Netflixs substantially larger entire slate of originals. Youre also seeing us doing this more broadly across our multi-platform ecosystem as we have done with the Taylor Sheridan universe. To give you a sense of the power of this approach at the consumer level, in just a three-month span, from early November to late January, more than 58 million Taylor Sheridan fans around the world watched over 32 billion minutes of the Taylorverse on both streaming and linear on our platforms. The third way we drive to profitability is through a continued focus on operational efficiencies and portfolio optimization. As Ive mentioned, our transformation as One Paramount is ongoing with recent initiatives on studios, global operations and ad sales. In the journey to become One Paramount, our next step is to integrate Paramount+ with Showtime. As you know, later this year, both our premium streaming tier on Paramount+ and the Showtime linear network will become Paramount+ with Showtime in the United States. This move makes Paramount+ the definitive multi-platform service in the streaming space, where Showtime will contribute its distinctive content with more from the franchises you love. As Naveen will discuss in more detail, economically, the benefits include both revenue and cost. On the revenue side, the integrated product will be more engaging for consumers, supporting price increases and associated ARPU gains. We also expect that the integrated product will lower churn, something weve already seen with our bundles. On the cost side, there are multiple benefits, which include tech, organization, marketing and, of course, content. Put it all together, and it is accretive to the streaming path to profitability. And it also helps ensure a stable transition of our TV Media business, which remains a big revenue and earnings driver. Stepping back from the particulars, let me just say how incredibly proud I am of what our team has worked together to accomplish in 2022. And Im even more excited about whats to come in 2023. With that, let me turn it to Naveen to break down the financials in more detail. Naveen?
Naveen Chopra: Thank you, Bob, and good morning, everyone. Q4 demonstrated earnings resiliency in our traditional business, along with robust revenue growth in our D2C business, the combination of which puts us on a path toward meaningful earnings and free cash flow growth in 2024 as we transition out of peak streaming investment in 2023. Today, Im going to cover three things. First, Ill provide additional color on a few elements of our Q4 results. Second, Im going to address specifics of our Showtime-Paramount+ integration plan, including its contribution to future expense savings so you can better understand how it affects our financial model in 2023 and beyond. And third, I will explain how continued execution of our strategy delivers meaningful bottom line growth in 2024. In Q4, Paramount delivered total company revenue and adjusted OIBDA growth despite increased investment in streaming and a difficult macroeconomic backdrop. Todays earnings press release includes a comprehensive review of key financial and operational results for the quarter. Im going to focus my comments here on three items, which deserve specific attention: affiliate and subscription revenue, advertising trends and free cash flow. Affiliate and subscription revenue was a highlight in the quarter, growing 8% year-on-year, continued evidence that the ecosystem shift from pay TV to streaming yields net growth for our business. We benefited from record Paramount+ subscriber additions combined with ARPU growth, continued robust engagement and improvements in churn, resulting in 85% growth in Paramount+ subscription revenue and 48% growth in total D2C subscription revenue. In Q1, we expect similar levels of D2C subscription revenue growth, reflecting ongoing net subscriber additions and improvement in ARPU. At TV Media, we also expect the year-over-year trend in affiliate and subscription revenue to improve relative to Q4. Now lets turn to advertising trends. The ad market continued to experience weakness in Q4, resulting in a 5% decline in Paramounts quarterly advertising revenue. The majority of the decline came from international markets and FX impacts, while domestic advertising declined 2%. D2C advertising grew 4% despite the soft demand environment as a result of robust consumption growth on both Paramount+ and Pluto TV. As the marketplace improves, we expect this growth to accelerate. Were encouraged by the engagement trends in D2C and early signs of broader ad market stabilization. As a whole, we look to market recovery in the back half of the year. Shorter term, we expect Q1 to yield improved growth rates in the domestic national advertising business. The underlying local ad business is also improving, but lower political spend will be a headwind in Q1 relative to Q4. International ad markets remain relatively weak, and we expect a slower recovery there. One final note related to advertising. Weve now reached the point where our digital go-to-market strategy combines Pluto and Paramount+ in a fully integrated advertising product. As such, going forward, we plan to simplify our reporting to focus on total D2C advertising growth. This metric provides the best indication of progress against one of our key growth initiatives. And so starting in Q1 of 2023, we will no longer report stand-alone Pluto revenue. Moving on to cash flow. Free cash flow was a use of $500 million for the full year, reflecting streaming investment and weakness in the advertising market. This figure also includes $289 million in payments for restructuring, merger-related costs and transformation initiatives. Consistent with our plans for peak streaming investment in 2023, we expect cash flow to continue to be impacted in advance of meaningful year-over-year improvement in 2024 when we return to positive cash flow. We will continue to manage our balance sheet with an eye to navigating the short-term cash flow dynamic. Importantly, our focus on working capital optimization meant the year-over-year change in free cash flow in 2022 was better than the year-over-year change in OIBDA, a trend we expect will continue in 2023 as the gap between cash content spend and P&L content expense continues to narrow. Id also like to share some information to help you better model earnings in 2023. In terms of the quarterly cadence of earnings, we expect Q1 adjusted OIBDA to be similar to Q4 2022. And we expect the year-over-year growth rate to improve in the back half of the year, reflecting the timing of several drivers Bob and I have discussed today. In terms of some below-the-line items, our equity in investee companies line, which primarily represents our investment in Sky Showtime, will result in a Q1 loss similar to what we experienced in Q4. Additionally, were forecasting an adjusted tax rate of approximately 25% on a full year basis. Now, lets discuss the integration of Showtime and Paramount+. Were highly enthusiastic about this combination because it provides a better experience for consumers, while simultaneously unlocking material financial benefits for both our TV Media and D2C businesses. The most sizable of these benefits will be realized as a reduction in content expense and related marketing. Simply put, a single service requires less content to acquire and retain customers than two independent services. Additionally, our analysis revealed that an overwhelming majority of Showtime engagement is driven by key franchises, which comprise less than half of the services content amortization expense. By extending and evolving these powerful Showtime franchises and supplementing them with the breadth of content on Paramount+, were able to deliver a powerful consumer proposition in both linear and streaming formats, thereby preserving revenue while meaningfully reducing total content expense. This strategic shift will give rise to an impairment charge in Q1 of 2023 as we realign the content portfolio. We estimate this charge will be in the range of $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion. When we launched the integrated service in Q3, subscribers to the premium tier of Paramount+ will enjoy a greatly expanded selection of content, reflecting the full suite of Showtime and Paramount+ originals, library content, movies, live sports and events. At that time, pricing for Paramount+ will also evolve with our premium tier, which will then include Showtime moving from $9.99 to $11.99, and our essential tier, which will not include Showtime content, moving from $4.99 to $5.99. These price changes will apply to new and existing customers upon launch of the integrated service. A couple of other important notes on this integration. Our current Showtime OTT base includes subscribers who use the Paramount+, Showtime OTT bundle or subscribe to both services independently. This means there will be some reduction in total subscribers when the services combined. Importantly, we dont expect the subscriber dynamic to negatively impact our D2C revenue expectations. On average, subscribers to the premium tier of Paramount+ have higher ARPU and lower churn than Showtime OTT customers. And our planned price increase for Paramount+ will further magnify the benefit of migrating customers to a single service. Also, with the consolidation of Showtime and Paramount+ taking place later this year, we plan to remove total D2C subscribers from our external reporting starting in Q1 of 2023 as this metric will no longer be meaningful in tracking our subscriber growth trajectory. We will continue to provide subscriber and revenue metrics for Paramount+, which will comprise the vast majority of our D2C subscriptions and revenue. The Showtime-Paramount+ combination also represents an opportunity to reduce operating expenses in marketing, technology and operations. Over time and in combination with reductions in content expense, we expect to realize approximately $700 million of future annual expense savings. As Bob noted, the net financial result of the combination of Paramount+ and Showtime is a key component of our plan to return the company to earnings growth in 2024. Let me address that plan more holistically. While D2C losses will increase this year relative to 2022, were approaching an important inflection point where the revenue scale, multi-platform content strategy and distribution footprint weve established together with the integration of Showtime and Paramount+ allow us to turn the corner toward streaming profitability. In combination with continued cost optimization in our traditional business and recovery in the advertising marketplace, were poised to deliver meaningful total company earnings and free cash flow growth in 2024. As Bob outlined, on the streaming side of our business, there are three key levers for earnings improvement: continued robust revenue growth, slowing growth in content expense and other operating efficiencies. Ill touch briefly on each of these. As you now know, in 2023, we will implement a price increase at Paramount+, which we expect to be a key driver of revenue growth with 2024 incorporating a full year of this benefit. In addition to the domestic price changes, this year, we will also start to evolve pricing in core international markets from a single tier to a multi-tier offering, resulting in higher blended ARPU for P+ international. Our international distribution strategy will also contribute, where hard bundle launches have successfully catalyzed direct channel, higher ARPU growth. And we expect growth in advertising ARPU at Pluto and Paramount+ as engagement trends drive inventory growth and expanded monetization opportunities. And of course, we expect continued improvement in churn as our content slate expands and user behavior evolves. Beyond 2023, our D2C P&L also benefits from improved leverage on content expense. You heard Bob speak about the benefits of a content strategy that is inherently multi-platform and franchise-oriented. It means we can generate more revenue for each dollar of incremental content and marketing expense. By 2024, the benefits of these strategies will become apparent in the P&L as our expected D2C revenue growth rate exceeds a slowing growth rate in the content amortization expense. 2024 should also see operating leverage in other components of the D2C business. At that time, our plan includes reductions in the growth rate of headcount, product and technology expenses as we capture the full year benefits of integrating Showtime and Paramount+ and we lap a full year of costs associated with international expansion. On the traditional side of the business, we continue to expect rate increases to partially offset ecosystem declines. Were also intensely focused on operating more efficiently through execution of previously announced transformation initiatives like the reorganization of our ad sales team, the realignment of our international operations and improved marketing efficiency. Ill close by reiterating that the combination of what we built in 2022 and the financial impact of what we have planned for 2023 gives us confidence we can continue to deliver compelling content to consumers and distributors, grow earnings and free cash flow in 2024 and create long-term value for shareholders. With that, operator, can we open the line for questions?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question today goes to Bryan Kraft of Deutsche Bank. Bryan, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Bryan Kraft: Hi, good morning. Some of your peers are revisiting elements of their streaming strategies, whether its the amount and types of content theyre making, backing off from exclusivity and doing more licensing or resetting their approach in international markets. Are there any adjustments that youre looking to make to Paramount streaming strategy? Or is the current course the one that you plan to stay on from here? Thank you.
Bob Bakish: Yes. Sure, Bryan. So look, Id say two main things here. First, Id note that our streaming investment and differentiated approach is clearly producing returns at the consumer level. I mean, Paramount+ is going at the top end of the industry. Its clearly taking share. Our content on Paramount+ is on the rankers. People are talking about it. And really, in less than two years, Paramount+ has become a service to be reckoned with. And thats because its a compelling product for the whole household across the country and really around the world. And remember, weve always approached this space with a plan that was based on building a profitable streaming business, one with TV Media-like margins over time. And that gets me to my second point. Because we didnt have unlimited resources, we went at this differently. And in doing so, I note that many of these things, things weve been doing all along, are now being embraced by others. So, what does that include? Multi-platform, the power of films crossing theatrical and streaming of shows being what I call dual illuminated networks and streaming, clear advantage. Franchises, the power of IP that people know, an IP that you can grow on a multiyear basis. That gets you a superior content ROI, including in streaming. Advertising, both FAST, i.e., Pluto and lower-priced ad-supported tier, i.e., Paramount+ essential. It unquestionably grows the TAM, and youve seen other people start to move in that direction. Partnership, we believe in the power of partnership. Its a powerful element in leveraging their consumer connection. You see that in the performance of our hard bundles, channel stores and then add in D2C, its a powerful combination. International discipline. We never believed in a one-size-fits-all model. We believe in country-specific execution, including at the limit joint ventures as were doing with Sky Showtime. And finally, content licensing. We never took all our content and put in a walled garden. We continue to strategically monetize content outside our owned and operated ecosystem. And that drives incremental return and frankly, drives incremental awareness. Those elements are all important because they drive a mix of cost and revenue advantages that weve long pursued on the path to profitability because those advantages translate into lower aggregate investment levels and superior long-term strategy margins. So, we continue to execute. Were very happy with our momentum to date. We see the light at the end of the tunnel. And sure, others are seeing some of the things we saw early, but were continuing to execute, because we are going to be a profitable scale player in the streaming game, and its exactly whats beginning to happen.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks, Bryan. Operator, well take our next question please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question goes to Michael Morris of Guggenheim. Michael, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Michael Morris: Hi, thank you guys. Good morning. I wanted to follow-up a little bit on the subscriber component on this path to profitability. You guys are at about 56 million Paramount+ subscribers as of year-end. You had a number of market launches in 2022. How many subscribers does the Paramount+ product need to get to scale? And how does the growth trajectory for Paramount+ compared to the prior outlook you had for 100 million-plus combined subscribers by the end of 2024? And if I could also just on free cash flow. As you think about 2023 in the investment year, can you give a little more color around how much cash investment you expect in 2023 before you inflect into 2024, and whether that has any impact on how you think about your dividend payout? Thanks guys.
Naveen Chopra: Hey Mike, its Naveen. Theres a lot in there. So, Ill try to take those in order, starting with the questions on subscriber growth. So as you pointed out, 2022 was a very, very successful year for Paramount+ in terms of subscriber growth, and were enthusiastic about whats coming in 2023 as well. I would point out that the dynamics around subscriber growth in 2022 [ph] will be a little bit different. On the P+ side, that growth is going to come from two main buckets. First is organic sub growth, both in the domestic markets and internationally. Domestic piece will be driven by a lot of the same drivers that we saw in 2022: content, partnerships, churn improvement. Internationally, this year, were going to focus on growing within the flagship markets that we launched in 2022. And then the second big bucket of growth for Paramount+ will be the migration of Showtime subs later this year. And as I mentioned in prepared remarks, thats not a one for one. Theres a little bit of overlap there. We can take you through the details of that in the future. So there are definitely a lot of moving pieces on the sub front in terms of where we see that going long term. Were increasingly focused on D2C revenue. And so when you look at the goals that weve outlined there in the past, we  our goal was to hit $9 billion of D2C revenue by the end of 2024. Theres some puts and takes there. The advertising marketplace has obviously been a little soft. But on the other hand, when we look at the trajectory on Paramount+ growth, were extremely happy with that and I think have exceeded our expectations on that front. So thats kind of the story on subs. I think the second part of your question was around free cash flow in 2023, and theres some important things to note there. Most importantly, we expect the year-over-year change in free cash flow to be less than the year-over-year change in OIBDA. And theres kind of a strategic explanation for that and a financial explanation. The strategic explanation is really that it reflects the evolution of our streaming content investment. We obviously ramped it up quite a bit over the last couple of years. Now its starting to stabilize as we build scale, and you start to see our multi-platform franchise focus rolling in as well as the savings that were unlocking by integrating Showtime and Paramount+. Now the financial answer to that is really that it reflects a reduction in content working capital, meaning that over the last couple of years, cash content spend increased quite a bit faster than content expense because of the nature of amortization. But as were reaching more stable levels of content investment, that dynamic flips. So for the next couple of years, you will see content expense on the P&L will grow faster than cash content spend. And in fact, as we move from 2023 to 2024, this is important, we expect to see growth in free cash flow that is measurably larger than the growth in OIBDA. And then I think the last part of your question related to the dividend and what Id say there is that our capital allocation strategy is well aligned with our operating plan. Yes, cash flow will be negative in 2023. Thats sort of the nature of some of the context were operating in, including the fact that were going to be at peak losses for D2C in 2023, and there are some ad headwinds. But both of those things are short-term in nature. Were going to start to grow D2C earnings next year, and we do expect the ad market to recover starting in the back half of 2023, which means that were going to see significant improvement in OIBDA and free cash flow in 2024. And in the interim, weve got a very strong balance sheet that includes over $3 billion of cash on the balance sheet. Thats prior to incorporating any future asset sales. We finished last year with net leverage around 4 times. We dont have any near-term debt maturities, and we have a $3.5 billion revolver that remains undrawn. So we feel good about that plan both from a growth perspective and from a financial perspective.
Anthony DiClemente: Great. Thanks, Mike. Operator, well take our next question.
Operator: Thank you. The next question goes to Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley. Ben, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks. Good morning. Maybe two. Bob, could you talk a little bit about the outlook on film with Paramount? You have a big slate for 2023. And obviously, you had a lot of success last year. Can you just talk a little bit about the film strategy at Paramount and how you see that feeding Paramount+ growth over time? And then, Naveen, maybe just to try to finish the sort of 2023 conversation. You guys gave us some helpful guidance for Q1 OIBDA. Any help for the year on overall OIBDA versus 2022 just so we can think about the right free cash flow comparison as well? Thank you, both.
Bob Bakish: Yes. Sure, Ben. So the first part of your question, obviously, 2022, extremely successful year for Paramount Pictures, six number ones at the box office in the U.S. on an eight-picture slate, which gave us really a better hit rate certainly than the industry average. No question, our film investment is paying real dividends. As you know, we both monetize it in the theater and on Paramount+. And so we were early to that strategy, and others are sort of moving in that direction. When you look at Paramount+, movies are top performer on the service, extremely efficient, particularly on a cost per start basis. So we feel great about that. As we look forward to 2023 and 2024, were very excited about whats going on in Paramount Pictures. You look at the slate, its increasingly franchise-oriented. We believe in franchise, as you know. Talk about titles. Scream, which is coming this month. Its New York located. A lot of buzz on that. We got our first Dungeons & Dragons movie. Were excited about that. Next Transformer movie. When we released a trailer, that blew up the Internet. Next Mission Impossible movie, which is totally out of control and a thrill ride, probably be the biggest Mission Impossible yet. The next Turtles movie. And the next PAW Patrol movie, which I dont know if you hang out with any preschoolers, but they love PAW Patrol. And then theres more to come. So were very, very excited about whats going on at Paramount Pictures. And again, leveraging it both in the theatrical side and on the streaming side to great effect. Naveen, the second part?
Naveen Chopra: Yes. So Ben, with respect to 2023 OIBDA, were not providing any sort of specific numerical guidance today, but I can give you a few additional notes to help you model the year. If you think first about the D2C segment, as weve made clear, this is the year of peak losses. So you should think about it as really reflecting the full year impact of investments that we made in 2022, most of those related to content and market expansion. On the TV Media side of the business, we are looking to ad recovery in the back half of the year. I think TV Media will also reflect the impact of a number of the cost savings initiatives that we started talking about on our last call as well as some of the benefits that well unlock from Showtime and Paramount+ in the back part of the year. And then on the Filmed Entertainment segment, we do expect slightly lower OIBDA on a year-over-year basis there, just given the timing of our film slate, which is a little more back-end loaded in 2023 relative to 2022. And then, of course, were comping against 2022, which included Top Gun, which was obviously a very large contributor.
Ben Swinburne: Great.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks, Ben. Operator, well take our next.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question goes to Rich Greenfield of LightShed Partners. Rich, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Rich Greenfield: Hey, thanks for taking the question. I got a couple of sort of big picture questions for Bob and then a quick financial one. So Ive heard that there was credible multi-billion dollar offers for Showtime. Curious sort of how you thought about the value accretion of collapsing it into Paramount+ versus just selling it for cash? Disney then  I think Iger, if you listened to him on my earnings call and certainly on CNBC, hes backing pretty far away from general entertainment content. Hulus clearly for sale. Wondering, one, do you have interest in buying Hulu? Could that be an interesting asset for Paramount? And related to that, how do you react to sort of the  what I guess he called undifferentiated general entertainment programming not being a great place to be? And then the financial housekeeping is just on the free cash flow, are you committing to positive free cash flow in 2024 or just an improvement in losses in 2024? I wasnt sure how to take what you said. Thanks. I know thats a lot.
Bob Bakish: Sure, Rich, a three-parter. So on Showtime, look, we think there is enormous value to unlock with the integration of Showtime and Paramount+. Both Naveen and I talked about that some today. So relative to that, if we were to divest the asset, it would have to create more value than our own operating plan. And as steward to shareholder value, well always listen. But frankly, that bar is pretty high. So beyond that, I dont think anything to say. Moving to Mr. Iger and undifferentiated, et cetera, look, differentiation matters. And the general entertainment space may not make sense for everyone, but general entertainment clearly makes sense for us when you look at our asset composition and really the nuances of our content engine. And when we went to market with Paramount+, well, actually before we went to market, we thought a lot about this question because we knew we needed to be differentiated because we werent first to market. For us, news, sports and amount of entertainment was a clear route to differentiated position and one that we knew or at least strongly believed would resonate with consumers and appeal to the whole household. And thats across this country and really around the world. And when you look at Paramount+s consumer traction, including having the most ads of any SVOD service in the U.S. since launch and the most ads in Q4 combined with 81% revenue growth, look, that positioning is clearly working. You look under the covers at whats driving it, its the combination of Paramount films, CBS hits, Nickelodeon franchises, and our P+ originals, things like 2023 and Tulsa King, Criminal Minds, Wolf Pack, Star Trek: Strange New Worlds, I could go on, plus sports and news. So theres no question that our content engine is delivering against our position. And with respect to the cost of general entertainment, which you didnt specifically ask but certainly was built into that conversation that youre referring to, look, our multi-platform strategy and franchise focus ensure we can build a differentiated content slate and simultaneously create a compelling content ROI. So again, general entertainment, it totally works for us in general and streaming, and maybe were different because of our asset composition and strategy, but were leaning into it.
Naveen Chopra: And Rich, with respect to your financial question, thank you for giving us a chance to clarify that. Our plan is to deliver positive cash flow in 2024.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks, Rich. Operator, next question please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question goes to Jessica Reif Ehrlich of Bank of America. Jessica, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you. I just wanted to maybe a clarification on some of the things you said about pricing. Can you give some color on the economics of the partnership and how you would account for Delta in your sub numbers? But more specifically on the pricing, like how much  whats the amount that youre thinking of raising prices and the timing? And on the impairment charge, whats included in that $1.3 million plus?
Bob Bakish: Yes. Sure, Jessica. Ill take the first piece of that. Look, were super excited about the Delta partnership we did. It was a competitive process and obviously we won, it provides Sky members access to Paramount+ in the air and for a limited period on the ground. So you can think of it as promotional in nature. Importantly, the subscriber numbers will not be in our sub count. So they will only  what they do is they put in their frequent flyer mile, and that gives them temporary access. But its only if they actually become a real subscriber that it will start to go to our sub count and drive revenue and all that. But we think its an awesome promotional platform. And I know the Delta folks are really excited about it today could  really showcases what theyve done in broadband and their planes in the air. And we think its going to be a nice plus for Paramount+.
Naveen Chopra: And Ill jump in on the questions related to how were thinking about pricing. We  theres some, obviously, we have put a lot of thought into since the launch of Paramount+. That includes conducting a variety of conjoint analyses and also really studying some of the historical price increases that youve seen in the industry more broadly. What we learned from that was that Paramount+ remains an incredible value proposition for consumers, particularly given the upward trajectory that youre seeing with pricing across the industry. And of course, that value proposition will get even stronger with the addition of Showtime content into the premium tier of Paramount+. We also learned that the headwind from price increases tends to fall more on new subscriber acquisition and less so on churn. And thats something that has certainly guided our thinking around the price increases. So just as a reminder, the price on the premium tier Paramount+, which will now include Showtime, will go up by $2, so from $9.99 to $11.99. Well have a $1 increase on the essential tier from $4.99 to $5.99. And we think that makes sense because effectively, what were doing is tying a bigger price increase on the premium tier to a significant expansion of content while keeping an easily accessible entry point on the essential tier. And well continue to take advantage of promotional pricing, annual plans and bundles as a way of both maintaining the funnel for new customer acquisition while optimizing churn and growing ARPU. So were excited about the contribution from pricing. And from a timing perspective, that will kick in when the new service launches in early Q3. And then I think the last part of the question was on impairment. The impairment charge, which will come in Q1, is really all about content. And its driven by the fact, as I said, that when we combine Showtime and Paramount+, we dont need the kind of content that you would need if they were operating on an independent basis. So that will provide a benefit in terms of reduced amort on a go-forward basis.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks a lot, Jessica. Operator, next question please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question goes to Doug Mitchelson of Credit Suisse. Doug, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Doug Mitchelson: Thanks so much. Just a few cleanup questions. One, on the price increases, how does that function with the partnerships? Im just trying to figure out kind of what percentage of subscribers I apply that price increase to or how I think about the magnitude of the benefit to ARPU. The second piece is on that impairment charge, could you share how that impacts 2023 EBITDA? Or how that kind of feathers in over time in terms of improving the content amortization? And I guess these are all for Naveen. Sorry, Bob. I think the last sort of big one is, can you help us understand when does the cash content spend and the content amortization equalize? So I understand its going to improve in 2024 in particular. But can we look out, pick a number of three years and say, okay, we dont have a working capital burn related to content cash cost versus amortization? Thank you very much.
Naveen Chopra: Thanks, Mike. And I say that on behalf of Bob, so let him
Bob Bakish: Doug.
Naveen Chopra: Doug, excuse me, Doug. But thanks for letting Bob off easy. Ill take those in order. With respect to how the price increases applied to partnerships, a couple of things. The price increases will take effect across both our direct channels and all of our third-party platforms. So that includes channel partners like Amazon, Roku, Apple, et cetera. With respect to the bundles that we have with commercial partners, the timing of price increases in those relationships will be determined on a case-by-case basis. And obviously, were not going to comment publicly on each of those deals. Your question on the impairment charge and its impact in 2023, I think the way you should think about that is that in general, content on our streaming services has an amortization period of roughly four years, plus or minus, depends a little bit on the type of content. And so youre going to get the benefit over that period of time. Its going to be a little greater in 2023 and then start to decrease a bit because theres more amort to roll off in the first year than in subsequent years. And then I think your last question was about when we start to see sort of neutralization of the working capital drag on  between cash and OIBDA. I think the answer there is were going to move for the next couple of years into this mode where the growth rate in cash content spend is going to be much lower than the growth rate that youll see on the P&L. And then beyond that point in time, youll start to see them move much more in line with each other.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks, Doug. Operator, next question please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question goes to Phil Cusick of JPMorgan. Phil, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Phil Cusick: Hi, thank you for squeezing me in. Bob, first, can you expand on your comment about stabilization in advertising? How should we think about indications for the current quarter and how you think about deeper in the year comping versus the fourth quarter? And then second, can you expand on the contribution from international from  for Pluto? Thanks very much.
Bob Bakish: Yes. Sure, Phil. So in terms of the ad market, you look at Q1, which is probably the most timely were on the market. And as we said, we believe our domestic national ad sales growth will improve in Q1 relative to Q4. You look at whats going on in the categories, there are some bright spots for sure. Categories that are really working at the moment are food and beverage, pharma, travel and increasingly auto. So we like that. The strength really is much more so on the direct side of the business, and thats a place where Paramount has a real advantage. In fact, weve recently reorganized our ad sales force around specific teams aligned with holding companies to kind of streamline access for them, make it more turnkey. And thats been very well received. So direct side of the business is a place where were advantaged. The indirect, really the programmatic side, is still soft. And were looking for that to turn as the market improves. Id also say in Q1 related to it, the local  underlying local ad business is improving as well. Its not just a national thing, although when you look at local, obviously, you dont have the same political in Q1 that you had in Q4. So thats a bit of a headwind. But net-net, we  relative to Q4, we like what were seeing kind of right at the moment in Q1. And that does make us optimistic on this second half recovery. And by the way, the second half recovery, when we said its all about the growth rate, we believe there will be improvement in growth rate as the year goes on. And it is worth noting that the comps ease a bit moving forward. And so mathematically, that helps. But its really the underlying tone that we think has stabilized, and we think that  we know thats the first step before you get the real improvement, which again look into the back half of the year four.
Naveen Chopra: There was a question about Pluto international.
Bob Bakish: You want?
Naveen Chopra: Yes, I can take that if you like. Pluto in the  excuse me, the international markets is certainly at an earlier stage of development and monetization than where we are in the United States. But its grown at a nice rate. So, were enthusiastic about that. We saw a decent chunk of the MAU growth in Q4 was international, including in Canada, where we launched an exciting partnership with Corus. And from a monetization perspective, as I said, its still relatively small scale internationally, but very compelling growth rate. So, were looking forward to it being a bigger contributor over time.
Anthony DiClemente: Okay. Thanks a lot. So operator, we have time for one last question. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The final question goes to Kutgun Maral of RBC Capital Markets. Kutgun, please go ahead your line is open.
Kutgun Maral: Great. Good morning and thanks for taking the question. I wanted to follow-up on the international DTC outlook more broadly. Paramount has had a differentiated rollout strategy abroad whether weve gone at it alone, leaned on third-party distributors or have partnered with the likes of Comcast or Reliance in a fairly unique way. Some of your peers are exiting certain markets, and others have talked about plans to take a harder look at where they operate as they reset the economics. How do you see the opportunity abroad evolving? And are there any changes Paramount is looking to make in the strategy to best capitalize on the future of international streaming? Thank you.
Bob Bakish: Yes, sure. Kutgun, let me take that. And suffice to say, I was schooled in international, spent better  well, really spent a decade running our businesses. And so thats certainly informed what were doing here. Start with the fact that streaming is definitely a global opportunity, and thus the international markets are an important piece of the equation. And just to level set, as we come out of 2022, were obviously active in all Latin America, Western Europe as well as Canada, South Korea and Australia. And then we got our Sky JV, which is in Eastern Europe and the Nordics and the Netherlands, but not consolidating our numbers. So were pretty well penetrated, and were going to really focus 2023 on deepening our participation in those markets. But to your point, I believe in a global strategy, but local market execution. And you have to look at the nuances of the market as you go forward. I also believe in the power of partnership. That led us early on and really first to this hard bundle concept where we use existing relationships with what you could think of as MVPDs [ph] to kind of turbocharge our market entry. We do that in the UK. We do that in Germany. We did that in Italy. Weve done that a bit in Latin America. And thats all about getting a large chunk of subscribers out of the gate at zero acquisition cost. And then now, as Naveen said, it really also was intended and in fact, has catalyzed demand for channel stores and the more direct business, D2C O&O, which we really like what were seeing in the trend lines there. And that will certainly continue to play out in 2023. So, we are very much looking at this market-by-market. And part of the peak operating losses, by the way, in 2023 is driven by the fact that we launched all of Western Europe in the back half of 2022. So that had some spillover effect to our financials. But as we get past that, that helps as well. So really excited about the international market opportunity. We are going at it differently. And yes, youre right, Ive talked to some folks who are thinking about scaling back their presence, but they basically launched a D2C O&O in all these independent markets around the world themselves and arguably are subscale, too. So, Im not surprised theyre unwinding it, but we didnt go into it like that. We were very thoughtful in how we went into it, again, leveraging existing relationships and assets to both accelerate the growth of the business and really ensure its an attractive longer-term business. And with that, I just want to wrap the call and leave you with a few key points to keep in mind. We believe in our differentiated strategy, our unique portfolio of assets and our ability to make popular content efficiently. And I think you saw that in 2022, and you will see it in 2023. We are focused on the turn towards streaming profitability. Our plan always contemplated that, and we are very much executing against that. We look at our approach as already creating value for shareholders given the strong Paramount+ revenue and subscriber growth. Yes, youve got to break it out separately and look at it as some of the parts, but theres no question weve already created a very material asset, and its got a long attractive runway ahead of it. And as we continue to execute our 2023 plan, it really sets the stage, as Naveen said, for a return to significant earnings growth and a return to positive free cash flow, thanks Rich, in 2024. So thank you, everyone for your support, and be well.
Operator: Thank you. This now concludes todays call. Thank you so much for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning or good afternoon. My name is Adam, and I'll be the conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Paramount Global's Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been muted to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] In order to get as many of your questions as possible, we ask that you limit yourself to one per person. At this time, I would now like to turn the call over to Anthony DiClemente, Paramount Global's EVP, Investor Relations. You may now begin your conference call.
Anthony DiClemente: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking the time to join us for our third quarter 2022 earnings call. Joining me for today's discussion are Bob Bakish, our President and CEO; and Naveen Chopra, our CFO. Please note that in addition to our earnings release, we have trending schedules containing supplemental information available on our website. I want to remind you that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in more detail in our filings with the SEC. Some of todays financial remarks will focus on adjusted results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found on our earnings release or in our trending schedules which contain supplemental information and in each case can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. And now, I will turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Bakish: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, I'll share some highlights from our third quarter and give you my perspective on the road ahead. Naveen will then take you through the numbers, and then we'll open it up for questions. In the third quarter, Paramount continued to execute on our differentiated strategy, to deliver compelling entertainment experiences for the world's consumers while creating value for our partners and shareholders. That strategy is firmly grounded in three key strengths: first, our broad range of popular content; second, our unmatched array of platforms; and third, our truly global operating reach. I'm happy to report that our robust content engine fire on all cylinders in the quarter, producing a broad range of captivating stories, with engaging characters and settings for lovers of content of all kinds. As the only media company with five different platforms, we've delivered this content to an exceptionally large consumer market. Our businesses include the number one broadcast network, CBS; a portfolio of industry-leading cable networks, many of which are number one across their respective demographics like Nickelodeon and BET; the number one free ad-supported streaming TV service in the US, Pluto TV; a rapidly scaling subscription service, Paramount+; and a Hollywood studio with six number one hits this year, Paramount Pictures. And for us, it's not just about the US. Our global operating footprint includes the largest number of broadcast homes in the world, content production capabilities across Latin America, the UK, Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific, cable network reach in virtually every key market and deep commercial relationships. And once again, these assets delivered. In the third quarter, we sustained our strength in TV, grew nicely in film and drove rapid growth in streaming around the world. That said, as I think everyone is aware, this is a complex environment and economic period and our results for the quarter do reflect some macroeconomic headwinds that are affecting our industry. For us, however, managing through near-term volatility does not mean radically diverging from the strategy that is producing real momentum and positioning Paramount to win in the long run. As we execute, however, we are also taking aggressive precise actions to gain additional efficiency across our cable networks, streaming platforms, advertising sales, marketing and global operations. These will yield cost savings next year as well as long-term strategic benefits. And we're taking advantage of this current market to accelerate these efforts. With that, let's take a closer look at the quarter and our plans ahead. It all starts with our world-class content with a powerful mix of scripted and unscripted originals, hit movies, news and live sports, we've got something for everyone in the household. Let's start with the incredible run at Paramount Pictures this year. I can't talk about producing great content without mentioning our theatrical releases, where Paramount Pictures has dominated with six number one films. That string of hits is led, of course, by Top Gun: Maverick. It's now the fifth largest domestic release of all time and the only film in history to be number one on Memorial Day weekend and number one on Labor Day weekend in the United States. It was the number one title in the U.S. in digital home entertainment, its first week of release as well. And we know it will continue to draw big audiences once it comes over to Paramount+ later in the year. And now our horror thriller, Smile, released at the end of September has hit it big as our sixth number one box office film of the year. Made for just $17 million, it's now on track to gross over $200 million globally. Smile will also be the next example of our 45-day theatrical to streaming fast-follow strategy, which gives fans the chance to have the big screen experience before enjoying at home on Paramount+ and which gives us a very compelling return on investment. Next, we'll move to broadcast and CBS, 2022s number one broadcast network, whose fall season is off to a strong start. On the entertainment side, we have seven of the top 10 shows and more shows in the top 30 than all other broadcast networks combined. This performance is seen in returning favorites were close to 11 million viewers tuned to the season 2 premiere of Ghost, for example, and is seen in new shows like Fire Country, the season's number one new show. Fall also means football. And for us, that means the NFL on CBS and on Paramount+. The 2022 season kicked off in September with viewership off to its best start on CBS since 2015, and its best start ever on Paramount+. College Football is off to a strong start as well. And in August, we announced Paramount will air big 10 football games on CBS and on Paramount+ that will kick off next season. That means the biggest and best in college sports will continue to call Paramount Home through the end of the decade. We don't just have American football. We've got European football, too. In August, we extended the rights to air the UEFA Champions League keeping this marquee property on Paramount+ and CBS for the next eight years. And I'm thrilled that we did. As so far this season, Paramount+ had dramatic growth in average audience in streaming minutes and in total households. So the outlook is strong, and we are excited that some of the best soccer in the world will keep kicking it on Paramount+ with more games and an expanded playoff format, the deal creates an even more efficient investment for many years to come. Paramount+ also saw a strong acquisition in the quarter from our slate of original series like SEAL Team and from movie releases, including the psychological horror film, Orphan First Kill; and the triumphant return of our favorite losers in Beavis and Butt-Head Do the Universe. This powerful array of popular content is the fuel that continued to drive growth in subscriptions across our streaming platforms in the third quarter. Total global direct-to-consumer subscribers rose to nearly $67 million in the third quarter. And the key driver here was once again, Paramount+, which attracted 4.6 million new subscribers, reaching 46 million total subscribers for our flagship streaming service. In fact, year-to-date, Paramount+ has led the industry in US sign-ups and gross subscriber additions according to Antenna's September 2022 report. Year-over-year revenue from Paramount+ grew 95%. Importantly, these third quarter numbers only begin to reflect the impact of the exciting first-of-its-kind partnership with Walmart. As you probably know, we have a decade-long relationship with Walmart in merchandise and consumer goods. So when the world's largest retailer was looking to enhance its Walmart+ package with a streaming offering, we are thrilled they saw a natural fit with Paramount+. Starting in September, Walmart+ members could begin opting into a Paramount+ essential streaming plant at no extra cost. Early results have been very encouraging. Paramount+ has great potential to accelerate Walmart+ growth and retention, and we expect the partnership to grow as the marketing program ramps up, including an in-store presence for the more than 100 million retail customers who pass through Walmart in the US every week. Innovative partnerships like this are an important element of our pursuit of the largest total addressable market and it's a strategy we've taken global. In the third quarter, we joined forces with powerful partners to debut new streaming offerings in several international markets. We celebrated the Italian launch of Paramount+ in September in partnership with Sky Italia. And later this year, we'll introduce Paramount+ in Germany, Austria and Switzerland with Sky Deutschland; and in France with Canal+, and we continue to strike these kinds of innovative partnerships. In the UK, we are pleased to announce a new multi-year, multifaceted distribution agreement with Virgin Media. Under that agreement, Paramount+ will debut on Virgin TV in 2023. And Pluto TV will be more widely distributed on Virgin TV 360 and stream service. In the third quarter, we launched Sky Showtime, our joint venture with Comcast in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden. For us, this partnership represents a capital-efficient way to go after smaller markets. For the viewers, it means access to the best entertainment from the entire Paramount family, as well as from NBC and Universal Studios. Pluto TV, already the top free ad-supported streaming TV service in the US also continues to go global. In September, we announced that Pluto TV will launch in Canada on December 1. Here, too, we have joined forces with another long-standing partner, Corus Entertainment, who bring local content, Canadian audiences love and a powerful local ad sales channel to drive monetization. Of course, we are all aware of the ongoing macroeconomic pressures that continue to affect our industry and the ad market in particular. As we navigate this period, Paramount will continue to rely on the fiscally disciplined approach that has been our advantage in good times and bad. We have always been mindful of cost management as a company, and we are now taking additional steps to improve efficiency across our organization. For example, we recently announced our intention to reorganize Showtime Networks, Showtime OTT and Paramount Television Studios into other parts of the company. This will further align our studios network and streaming operations in ways that enable significant cost reductions and advance our strategic agenda. We're also doing work with respect to international operations, marketing and ad sales. And speaking of ad sales, we know that advertisers see us as a cornerstone marketing solutions provider in the US. They want to be where the top hits are and even more so in complex economic times. And our combination of the number one broadcast network, a rapidly growing streaming service and the number one free ad-supported streaming TV service offer a reach and frequently proposition that no one else can match. In the end, what matters most to our advertisers is the same thing that matters most to our viewers, the product on the screen. That's why we couldn't be more excited about the sensational content coming to Paramount+ and our other platforms in Q4. Of course, there is the much anticipated return of the biggest hit on television, Paramount Network's, Yellowstone. And through coordinated cross-platform marketing, we will capitalize on the excitement around the premier of the fifth season to help boost the launches of two new Taylor Sheridan creations on Paramount+. None other than Helen Mirren and Harrison Ford will lead 1923, the next installment of the thrilling origin story of the Yellowstone Saga, and Sylvester stallone is premiering in Tulsa King about mafia capo building a crew far, really far, from his old mob family. We're also excited to premier the revival of the popular FBI drama Criminal Minds this quarter, exclusively on Paramount+. With the help of several members of the beloved original cast, we are looking forward to activating the franchise's large existing fan base, which we see paying big dividends for Paramount+. As I mentioned earlier, our big theatrical hit Smile and Top Gun: Maverick will come to Paramount+ in the fourth quarter. And everywhere Maverick goes, it just crushes. So we think that will be a big draw on Paramount+ as well. All-in-all, we expect all these new titles and highly anticipated events will entice more and more subscribers to Paramount+ in the coming months. In closing, by delivering extraordinary experiences for our consumers, we will continue to demonstrate the long-term value of our broad multi-platform model. At the heart of it, that's the real proposition behind our strategy. And with the momentum we're seeing in the year and the quarter, it's clearly working. With that, I'll turn it over to Naveen to walk you through a more detailed look at our third quarter results, and I look forward to continuing the conversation in our Q&A.
Naveen Chopra: Thank you, Bob. Good morning, everyone. Our third quarter results demonstrate continued execution of our long-term strategy to create broad content for diverse audiences across multiple platforms on a global basis. It's a strategy that offers significant incremental opportunity relative to our traditional business in three important dimensions. First, as we've noted previously, streaming offers a total addressable market, which is more than twice the size of linear, excluding China and India. And the incredible ease of consumption with a vast array of content available at home or on the go, in whatever format you want, ad-free or ad-supported means we can connect more consumers with Paramount content than ever before. Second, we expect streaming to be accretive to ARPU over time. In fact, streaming ARPU already exceeds linear ARPU in some international markets. For example, in the UK P+ ARPU in the current quarter is over 20% higher than our UK linear pay TV ARPU, and our total reach has grown relative to the linear-only world. In the United States, it's worth noting that there are streaming services in the market today with ARPU comparable to or higher than the monthly revenue we generate per linear household. And we believe Paramount+ will achieve these levels of ARPU over time with the implementation of price increases and continued growth and engagement and advertising monetization. Third, we believe long-term operating margins in streaming will approach TV media margins as the benefits of our multi-platform strategy play out. This strategy yields significant efficiencies in marketing expense where our linear networks provide a great promotional platform for Paramount+ and in content expense, where we monetize content like movies and sports across multiple platforms. Our streaming content expense also benefits from a wealth of fully owned library content and world-renowned franchises that are a highly efficient driver of acquisition and retention. These cost efficiencies do not exist in a pure-play streaming business model. Of course, our investment in streaming does impact near-term profitability. But given the combination of a bigger market opportunity, incremental ARPU and compelling margins, we believe there is significant long-term shareholder value to be created, and we remain committed to this strategy despite the impact of near-term cyclical advertising headwinds. Now, let's get into our third quarter results, which reflect strong D2C growth and box office success, but also macroeconomic conditions and FX impacts on advertising revenue growth. Total company revenue grew 5% in the quarter. Affiliate and subscription revenue rose 8%, continuing to demonstrate that the ecosystem shift from pay TV to streaming yields net growth for our business. Theatrical revenue was also a significant contributor to total company growth in Q3. Licensing revenue declined 1% and advertising revenue declined 2%. FX was a headwind to advertising revenue in the quarter, resulting in a 300 basis point impact on the advertising growth rate. On a constant currency basis, advertising revenue grew 1% in the quarter. In direct-to-consumer, we added 4.7 million global subscribers, which drove 59% subscription revenue growth. As of September 30, we had a base of 66.5 million global D2C subscribers, including 46 million Paramount+ subscribers. Paramount+ added 4.6 million global subs in the quarter. Note that our quarter end total subscriber count reflects the elimination of 1.9 million Paramount+ subs in the Nordics, following the launch of Sky Showtime in September, which replaced Paramount+ in that market. Ubiquitous distribution remained a key theme for Paramount+ this quarter. Domestically, we became the video service for Walmart+. And in Europe, we launched Paramount+ in Italy, including a hard bundle offer with Sky Italia. These bundled distribution partnerships were both important contributors to Q3 sub growth. And despite a lighter slate of new original series in Q3 compared to Q2, other content formats, including sports like NFL and UEFA, movies such as Orphan: First Kill and core CBS programming were significant acquisition drivers. In addition to healthy subscriber growth, Q3 also saw robust engagement among Paramount+ subscribers. Daily viewing hours and paid conversion were strong. Paramount+ domestic churn improved both sequentially and year-over-year. Paramount+ ARPU was up year-over-year in the quarter. As we've previously indicated, we are benefiting from a dramatic increase in international ARPU as we continue to expand the P+ subscriber base in higher ARPU international markets. Subscriber additions, ARPU growth and improved retention helped Paramount+ deliver 100% subscription revenue growth. Shifting to the advertising side of the D2C segment, Paramount+ benefited from robust impression growth, improving CPMs and consistently high sell-through rates. Pluto TV added 2.4 million global MAUs in the quarter, bringing our global reach to 72 million MAUs and total viewing hours grew strong double digits year-over-year. In fact, Pluto TV became the first free ad-supported streaming service to represent a significant enough portion of monthly total US TV viewing to be included in Nielsen's monthly gauge report. Together, Paramount+ and Pluto TV delivered total DTC advertising revenue growth of 4%. Advertising revenue was impacted by the macroeconomic environment. But given the engagement trends across our D2C platforms, we are confident growth will reaccelerate when the digital ad marketplace improves. As a whole, the D2C segment delivered 38% year-over-year revenue growth, with total D2C revenue reaching over $1.2 billion in the quarter. D2C OIBDA was a loss of $343 million in the quarter, reflecting investments we're making in content, marketing and international expansion as well as the impact of macroeconomic advertising headwinds. Moving to the TV Media segment. Revenue declined 5% in the quarter. TV Media advertising revenue was flat on a constant currency basis. The combination of pricing growth and strength in local station advertising helped offset the impact of lower linear impressions and a softer scatter market. TV Media advertising declined 3% on a reported basis due to 300 basis points of FX headwind. TV Media affiliate revenue declined 5% in the quarter. Similar to last quarter, the trend in total affiliate revenue for TV Media was affected by the restructuring of international affiliate deals, which proactively shift revenue from our pay TV to D2C services. TV Media licensing revenue declined 9% year-over-year due to a lower volume of programs licensed relative to the year ago period. As we've noted in the past, licensing revenue in any given quarter can be lumpy based on the timing of program deliveries. TV Media OIBDA declined 11% in the quarter to $1.2 billion, largely reflecting the flow-through of lower licensing revenue and the decline in affiliate revenue. Our Filmed Entertainment results continue to benefit from the success of Top Gun: Maverick, which was a key contributor to a 48% increase in segment revenue and the delivery of $41 million in segment OIBDA. Top Gun continues to deliver at the box office, was a huge hit in the home entertainment market and we expect will be a driver of subscribers on Paramount+ when the movie comes to the service later this year. On a total company basis, adjusted OIBDA was $786 million in Q3, down 23% year-over-year, reflecting the investments we're making in streaming. Turning to the balance sheet. We finished the quarter with $3.4 billion of cash on hand and total debt of $15.8 billion. We also maintain a committed $3.5 billion credit facility that remains undrawn. Let's now turn to our outlook for Q4. Starting with D2C subscribers. We're enthusiastic about both domestic and international momentum at Paramount+ and expect to see healthy Q4 sub growth, driven by the combination of a powerful content slate, expanded partnerships and new market launches. We now expect to exceed our full year global D2C subscriber growth expectation of 75 million global subs, excluding the removal of subscribers to our services in Russia. With respect to financials, we expect continued macroeconomic weakness, particularly in the advertising marketplace, will affect Q4 TV media and D2C OIBDA, as we now anticipate the year-over-year rate of change in total company advertising in Q4 to be similar to what we reported in Q3. Longer term, while we continue to invest to support strategic growth, as Bob noted, we're also accelerating opportunities to improve efficiency in multiple parts of the business. In addition to reorganizing Showtime Networks, we're taking steps to further align our US and international operations, applying a more global mindset to content and platforms, which will yield both economic and strategic benefits. On the marketing side, we're prioritizing resources and media spend to those segments with the highest growth potential. And finally, we are taking the next step in the evolution of our advertising sales organization, streamlining our relationships with the major holding companies to provide single-point access to our industry-leading array of advertising solutions. The financial expression of these changes will start to manifest in 2023, while also benefiting us in future years. Bigger picture, our financial discipline, our unique asset mix, our differentiated strategy and the significant incremental opportunity presented by streaming give me confidence we can navigate the complex near-term macro environment, while positioning the company to maximize long-term value. With that, operator, we can now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And the first question today comes from Michael Morris from Guggenheim Partners. Michael, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Michael Morris: Thank you. Good morning. Bob, I'm wondering if you can share any updated thoughts on the Showtime service as compared to the Paramount+ service, maybe specifically how you feel about continuing to run them as separate businesses with the potential for a bundle versus having a more integrated service between the two? Where -- what are you thinking about that going forward? And if I could, Naveen, both you and Bob talked about a number of puts and takes going forward, including the potential for some more aggressive cost savings. Can you opine at all on how you're feeling about free cash flow into 2023, whether you think there's opportunity for any growth there with these savings or whether you think the -- you talked about peak losses at the D2C side next year, whether you expect that to be heavier? Thank you.
Bob Bakish: Yeah. Sure, Michael. So I'll take the first part of that. As you know, we've been offering a Showtime, Paramount+ bundle for a while. That was initially a price bundle, and there we saw some nice churn benefit, and now we have really early success with an integrated app bundle. It's definitely exceeded our expectations in terms of net ads and engagement. And the reason, which we've proven over and over again is that broad works, and upgrading to Showtime inside of Paramount+ adds even more to that experience. And if you haven't, you really should check out that version of Paramount+. It's the version I use, and it's great. Bigger picture, I think this next chapter of Showtime is going to be particularly compelling. As we mentioned, we have a set of in-process organizational moves, and that will see Showtime benefit from further integration with the rest of the company. It will potentially introduce new ways really to create incremental value for both consumers and for distributors. It's going to unlock some significant cost synergies. And I think beyond that, what I'm excited about, too, is how this slate of content for Showtime is going to evolve. There's been some early conversations around that. Start with the fact that the Showtime brand will stand really more than ever for thought-provoking, distinctive, often edgy content. And that means that it will continue to be a home for creative ideas. But in parallel, I believe you will see us extract more from some core franchises. We know that franchises work, and we think that's a good play for Showtime as well. And there'll be some incremental benefit from broader Paramount IP. So the road ahead for Showtime is really exciting, and we'll keep you up to date along the way. Naveen?
Naveen Chopra: Yeah. So to the questions on free cash flow in 2023 and what to expect there. I'd note a few things. I mean, first of all, in terms of the broad trends that are influencing free cash flow. It's really about the ramp in production and marketing investments related to streaming. And then, obviously, some of the macro impacts on the advertising marketplace, offset by improvements that we're making both with respect to the cost side of the equation, as well as improvements that we're seeing in working capital. And that's an important point because we are very focused on ultimately driving improvements in both earnings and free cash flow. And I think what you'll see in 2022 and both in 2023 is that the changes in OIBDA don't necessarily reflect the changes in free cash flow, which is to say the changes in free cash flow are better or lower than the changes in OIBDA because we have made improvements from a working capital perspective. So while it's premature to put any specific numbers on that for 2023, I would note that we are still focused on peak D2C losses next year and continuing to apply that formula of improved working capital and realizing the benefit of the cost reductions that we noted, all of which should put us in a position to ultimately improve cash flow and OIBDA trajectory.
Anthony DiClemente: Great. Thanks a lot Mike. Well take our next question
Operator: Sure. The next question comes from Bryan Kraft from Deutsche Bank. Bryan, your line is open. Please, go ahead.
Bryan Kraft: Hi. Good morning. I guess, I want to ask you, first, on the -- excuse me, the partnership. Just can you comment on how optimum performance has been so far since the launch in September? Are you finding that there's high awareness among Walmart+ subscribers and any other color on that? And then also, I just wanted to ask you, I mean, given the success you've had with the wholesale distribution of Paramount+, combined with the macroeconomic pressure on advertising, how should we think about Paramount+ ARPU growth and the trajectory it's on going forward? Thank you.
Bob Bakish: Yes, sure, Brian. So as I mentioned in my remarks, we really have a decades-long relationship with Walmart. It's a relationship that's rooted in consumer products and home video. And yes, we have an office in Bentonville, and so when they were looking to add a video offering, we were really thrilled that they saw Paramount+ as the right choice. And part of the reason there, as they really described to us was that, they see both brands, i.e., Walmart and Paramount, as representing all audiences. The coast, the center of the country, young, old, you name it. And yet again, I think that's confirmation of the power of our broad positioning built on popular content. So we launched our Walmart+-Paramount+ partnership in September, and just for the room, any Walmart+ customer can choose to opt into Paramount+, and that gives them access to the Paramount+ Essentials product at no incremental cost. Once they opt in, they become a Paramount+ subscriber, and we get paid. Partnership is off to an excellent start. We really -- I have not seen a more collaborative relationship between two big companies than what we have here right now, and that's phenomenal. And we are exceeding our early objectives in terms of number of subscribers that have joined through Walmart+. I think the more important point is, the partnership has a long multi-year road ahead of it. To date, we've only done limited marketing, really leveraging some e-mail lists they have and some of our media the full in-store Paramount+ presence, for example, which will reach, I believe it's $140 million-ish customers visiting a Walmart store in the US every week has yet to kick off. And by the way, their 1.5 million employees also get access for the ability to opt into Paramount+. And so, we look for this partnership to be driving not only Paramount+ subscribers, but importantly, Walmart+ subscribers as well, as they get access to this great benefit for quite some time. I'd note that we also plan to execute on a multi-platform basis around our IP, and that's things like in-store activations around -- I don't know, PAW Patrol and Turtles next year and many other great franchises. So this is a super powerful example of our belief in partnership. And again, we're thrilled with the early results.
Naveen Chopra: And I'll jump in on the ARPU side of that question. I think simply put, we are very bullish about the ability to continue to grow ARPU in the streaming business, particularly around Paramount+. As we've spoken about before, there are a number of elements to that, some of which you're already seeing and some of which you'll see in the future. So for example, as I noted in my remarks, we are already seeing the benefit of continued expansion in higher ARPU markets on an international basis, and that's already benefiting ARPU. And as we go forward, we see continued ARPU growth through the combination of both expansion and ad monetization and pricing on the subscription side. And the ad monetization piece, while in the short-term is impacted by the marketplace, the fundamental engagement metrics that we see there give us great confidence that increasing consumer engagement will ultimately drive improvements in ARPU as the market returns. And then on the subscription pricing side of it, we definitely see opportunities to increase price on Paramount+, and you will see us do that in the future. I think it's fair to say that pricing is moving higher across the industry, you see that with a number of competing services. And we think that, that means we have room to increase price and ultimately drive ARPU while preserving our value position relative to others. And I think that's true both in the US and in key international markets. That of course will be smart about how and when we raise price because we'll be looking to do it in ways that minimize any negative churn impact. And that means we'll definitely take advantage of our dual tier offering, which allows us to adjust pricing on each tier independently and means that the essential tier can continue to serve price sensitive users while still generating compelling levels of ARPU through ad monetization. And we'll also think about pricing in conjunction with how it interacts with our content slate. So we're, as I said, confident we can raise price and that's one part of the bigger ARPU equation that includes continued growth in ad monetization and sub-growth in high-value markets.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks Bryan. Operator, well take our next question please.
Operator: The next question comes from Rich Greenfield from LightShed Partners. Rich, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Rich Greenfield: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. When you look at the success of Top Gun and Smile, it clearly shows us that you made the right decision in pushing both or waiting for both of those titles, and putting them into the box office versus putting them directly on to the streaming service. I think when you talk about scale and reach of theaters, that was a clear benefit to both of those titles. But if you shift gears and you look at something like Halo or 1883. I guess, I wonder, would those titles have benefited from being on a platform with more scale than Paramount+, meaning something like Netflix, we just saw NBCU shipped Girls5eva from Peacock over to Netflix. And I'm just wondering, how do you think about the pluses and minuses tied to reach and scale when you're deciding whether to put a piece of content on to your own service versus sell it to a third-party? And how do you make that decision?
Bob Bakish: Yeah. Sure, Rich. Look, I actually think we and others have talked about this a number of times over the year because it's really -- in a way, it's the arms dealer question embedded in it. And I think it's fair to say people's view on that topic has moved around over time. So as you know, we have two objectives; producing cash flow and margins from traditional media; and simultaneously building scale in the most important growth sector in media, which is streaming, really the network for the 21st Century. So our strategy around film, to the first part of your question, which is really theatrical leading to streaming. It's absolutely the right call in general, and it certainly worked for those titles, TGM and Smile, because both titles really benefited significantly from the theatrical window, and that's both financially and from a marketing franchise building perspective. And as you know, both are coming to Paramount+ this year, and I'm confident they will be significant drivers, which will really continue our momentum as we scale streaming. So that goes to your second point. If we're going to build and scale streaming assets, which, as you know, we believe is fundamental in the long run. As I said, streaming is the network for the 21st century, and networks always had incremental economics to studio, and they will again. So if we're going to do that, we obviously need to leverage great content. So titles like 1883 and Halo, frankly, they need to be on Paramount+. And by the way, they've both proven very effective on the platform in terms of subscriber acquisition and engagement. So they are working. In that case, the objective is not about maximum reach. They're key to creating asset value in streaming. And again, we believe that's the superior strategy from a long-term shareholder value perspective versus being a studio-only operation. And that's really the studio only operation is the path you be on if you started moving those to other places. So bottom line, we remain committed to traditional, including theatrical and streaming, including through titles like 1883 and for that matter, our films. And we believe that's one of our advantages in the pursuit of shareholder value.
Anthony DiClemente: Thank you, Rich. Next question, please.
Operator: The next question is from Brett Feldman from Goldman Sachs. Brett, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Brett Feldman: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. So first, Naveen, thanks for giving us some help and some of the thinking about the relationship next year between cash flow and EBITDA. For this year, you're essentially breakeven on cash flow through the first three quarters of the year. What are the key swing factors we need to be thinking about for the fourth quarter, because sometimes nailing down working capital for us can be a little bit difficult? And then you've had a lot of momentum and you expect to still have some momentum in the Paramount+ subscriber base, leveraging the new distribution in the new markets you're in. I'm wondering at what point you're going to -- you expect to be fairly fully distributed, whether it's through partnerships or geographic, such that the incremental driver of subscribers is going to increasingly be about driving greater penetration through your content delivery in those markets? Is that something we should be thinking about in 2023, or do you still think you've got a lot of distribution opportunities as we move into next year? Thank you.
Bob Bakish: Naveen, do you want to start with the Q4 thing, and then I'll take the streaming one?
Naveen Chopra: Sure. So on expectations for Q4 cash flow, I'd mention a few things. Again, just going back a little bit to what's driving cash flow in Q3, which as I noted earlier, is really about the ramp in production spend and marketing and international launches. And I think of those as sort of negative working capital drivers. Q4 will obviously improve relative to that, because we'll get past some of those needs. Now some of that improvement, I expect will be offset by the macroeconomic factors affecting Q4 OIBDA as some of that obviously will flow to cash flow. And therefore, I think it's probably most helpful to think about free cash flow on a full year basis. And when you look at it through that lens, as I said earlier, you'll see that the year-over-year change in free cash flow will be significantly smaller than the year-over-year change in OIBDA, which again reflects the progress that we're making in improving working capital, which is very important to us. We're highly focused on the importance of generating free cash flow, while we continue to invest in growth. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of sense of how to think about the full year.
Bob Bakish: Yeah. And as to your second question on subscriber growth, et cetera, start at the high level. We have absolute confidence in our subscriber growth potential and really the length of the runway here. And it's not just an opinion. It's really informed by data. Remember, we led the US in 2022 in subscriber additions as we simultaneously expanded globally, notably this year to Western Europe. And with respect to the streaming opportunity, we really have a double benefit. Start with the market is large and it is still growing. And then add to that, we're clearly taking share. You see that in 2022 unquestionably through the numbers. I'd also point out, it's not just about sub growth for us. We see real ARPU growth, and Naveen commented on that a bit already. So in general, we feel good. Now when you unpack it and you look at streaming and you look at the drivers, and you start to think about 2023 and beyond, it's really -- and it sounds simplistic, but it's content, what's your slate doing? What are you doing in terms of market expansion and then how you think about partnerships? So our content slate continues to build. It's killer in Q4. We could talk about that some, if you want, and that's going to run right into 2023, and that's not just in the US, that's on a global basis. So we feel very good about that. And obviously, we have a longer term content plan where we continue to build series, Paramount movies, et cetera. If you look at market expansion, we're ending 2023 with the completion really of Western Europe, which means that's going to drive -- we're ending 2022, sorry, with the completion of Western Europe, and that's going to drive 2023. We're going to do some stuff in terms of additional market expansion in 2023, and we haven't talked about that yet. So put a pin in it. But I also want to point out that just because you launched in a market, that doesn't mean you get all the subs right away. Take the UK as an example. Sure, we launched with Sky in hard bundle, and that's performing very well. We're happy, our partners happy, et cetera. We've also launched in channel stores and direct D2C. And then now today, we announced that Virgin is going to put Paramount+ on Virgin TV. So these markets will build over time. So it's not just about the entry point. It's about deepening your participation market-by-market. And by the way, including in the US benefiting from both your content slate and incremental partners. So again, big picture, we feel very good about the size of this market. We feel very good about our ability to take share. We're doing that today. And we feel very good about the road ahead. This is going to be one of the cornerstone services for the world's consumers, and we are most certainly on that path.
Anthony DiClemente: Thank you Brett. Next question please.
Operator: The next question comes from Douglas Mitchelson from Credit Suisse. Douglas, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Douglas Mitchelson: Thank you so much. Good morning everybody. So Bob -- so a multipart question on advertising. So Bob, any further context around advertising trends you're willing to offer? Are you seeing broad weakness or certain categories pulling back? Anything on how that softness is sequencing in 4Q. Some companies are saying they're seeing stabilization the declines, others are saying, continues to weaken. So anything there? And then Naveen, you talked about improving advertising monetization. One of the big debates for streaming and free TV recently, obviously is, what level CPMs can be achieved, especially as targeting has improved. And I think some of the premium, the CPM goals out there for some of the newer services are well above what you guys might be getting currently. So I'm just curious, what are the ad monetization efforts? When do they start to layer in? And specifically, what kind of upside do you see as your targeting efforts improve? Thank you.
Bob Bakish: Yes, sure. So, look, as I said in my remarks, a difficult macroeconomic environment is certainly impacting ad sales in the quarter. It is a function of what we're seeing in the scatter market, where there is softness, more so on the digital side versus television. Worth noting that, as you know, TV has the additional benefit of a large upfront base. And our audience share growth or the performance of our brands, notably CBS in the broadcast year allowed us to take more dollar volume in the upfront, something I'm very happy about sitting here today. In terms of categories, we're seeing travel is good, Electronics are good. Auto still hasn't moved. But I would point out, auto is a very interesting study, because they've been building all the cars, they're just missing the last chip or maybe a couple of chips. And once those chips show up, there are zillions of cars out there that are going to have to move. So I don't know when that's going to happen, but when it does, it's going to be very good for the ad market, which goes to the broader point. And look, I'm not an economist, but I think history can be instructive here. If you look back, we've had three down out ad cycles since 2000, right? We had one coming out of 9/11, one in 2008 and then one more recently in COVID in 2020, and they're all different, but the similarity is, they all lasted a few quarters. It was all when there was negative GDP growth and each of those cycles led to a number of quarters with particularly robust ad growth coming out. So, yes, we do have some macro-driven softness and all the people are talking about it, but as it always does, this market will turn. And that's when you'll see real benefit from our positioning as a market leader with the number one broadcaster, cable group that includes leaders in young and diverse audiences, the number one fast service in the US, Pluto; rapidly scaling streaming service, Paramount+. It's all wrapped around compelling content that people want to be associated with and available more so than ever with what we're doing right now through a single point of access for the hold-cos and clients with best-in-industry creative support and ad tech. So it's powerful positioning. It will really show itself again as this market turns, which it inevitably will.
Naveen Chopra: And Doug, with respect to ad monetization, a few comments. First of all, I would say the main drivers of ad monetization from sort of an ARPU perspective, I mean, obviously, on the top line subscriber growth plays into it. But from an ARPU perspective, for us, it's really engagement driven. And I would say that we're really just getting started despite a lot of the great metrics that we're already pointing to in terms of consumption, both on P+ and Pluto and all of those trends moving up very positively. And churn continuing to come down. I think we have a lot of headroom to continue to drive engagement, which will ultimately result in higher levels of advertising monetization. Second thing I would note is that, with respect to CPMs and you asked about how realistic some of the expectations may be out there, I would note that we've been in this business for a long period of time. We're in it at scale. Our D2C businesses today are at $1.5 billion advertising run rate, and what that means is that we have been very focused on what is the largest part of that market. We're not necessarily going for the very premium CPMs. We don't think that's where the biggest pool of dollars exist. And that means that we are focused on two things; number one, continuing to drive scale and we price our advertising in order to achieve that; and number two, we're focused on packaging. And that's one of the big differentiators that we bring to the equation is the ability to package multiple types of D2C inventory, streaming inventory along with the full spectrum of both cable and broadcast inventory, which is ultimately, I think, the answer that advertisers are looking for.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks Doug. Operator, next question please.
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Ben, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks. Good morning. Just to pick on a couple of topics you guys have already covered a bit. Naveen, should we expect a restructuring charge or charges in the fourth quarter just given the cost activity you talked about any sizing of either that or what magnitude of savings you guys are targeting as you look into next year? I know it's probably early, but figured I'd ask. And then for either of you, just continuing on advertising, the linear business is holding up pretty well relative to digital. And Naveen to your last point on engagement, engagement was up a lot at Pluto, I think strong double digits, not sure what that means quantitatively but that sounds pretty strong. But we're seeing the ad revenues really slow. Why do you guys think linear is holding up better than digital? Is that all in the upfront, or are there other factors -- and Bob, do you have a perspective on how Netflix launch, which I think is this week and Disney coming impacts your business and how you position your inventory and your ad tech as those guys now come to market and compete for ad dollars?
Naveen Chopra: Yeah. Hey Ben, it's Naveen. I'll start on the cost side and then turn it over to Bob to take the advertising side of that question. So I guess, first, just to the specifics, and then I'll talk a little bigger picture on what we're doing from a cost perspective. As I said, the benefit of the moves that we're making on the cost side will mostly manifest in 2023. I do think that there's a potential for a restructuring charge in Q4. We'll see depending on exactly the timing of finalizing some of these decisions. I'm not going to put any specific numbers on those cost savings, but I would say that -- these are meaningful and sizable. They are things that we think not only have an economic benefit to us, but frankly, help put us where we want to be strategically in terms of both how we want to operate and where we want to focus our resources. And we shared some of the examples of what that looks like. It includes both labor and non-labor expenses. It spans a lot of different parts of the business. And I'd point out that incremental to the ongoing work that we've spoken about previously that helps drive efficiencies on the linear side of the business. So it is meaningful, and I think it can be a helpful contributor to 2023, particularly in light of some of the macroeconomic challenges that exist right now.
Bob Bakish: Yes. And Ben, on the ad market, you're right, the TV side has held up better than the digital side. I think there are a variety -- a couple of reasons for that. One is, yes, upfront base. And remember, our strategy in the upfront, because we didn't know what the market was going to be like, but we had some concerns that things could soften -- and we were in a place where we had taken, I think, 18 points of broadcast share year-to-year. So we decided to have a volume upfront versus a price upfront. And we did business at high singles, but we took significant volume, and that was a good thing, and that's certainly helping TV for us. Second, and somewhat related to that, you always have a place where TV has limited supply. Broadcast, obviously, the most limited supply than cable. But effectively, those vehicles are sold out, and that supply pool is not getting any bigger, let's say, -- and add to that, you've got proven effectiveness. If you're an advertiser with either product or servicing, certainly in the United States and you want to make an impact on a national level there really is no better demonstrated media than television and people know that. So when they have to make choices, TV still is relatively well positioned in that. More broadly speaking, the market at the moment is a bit demand constrained. And that definitely works against the digital side. That's kind of the flip side of the television. There is digital supply out there. When you have strong demand market, you can really benefit, and you've seen us benefit. But when there's demand constraint, that tends to be rougher. I would point out that based on the numbers I've seen reported, our D2C number of plus 4 actually compares quite favorably with some other large digital guys and what they've put on the table. So at least that's good, and we're happy about that. But at the moment, there's definitely some demand constraints we're working through. As to your question on Netflix, I'd say two things. I'd say, I'd start with the fact that new entrants going into the ad sports streaming, it's really validates again what we've long believed that adds our critical component of a broad streaming model. We see that as -- as you know, we have a totally free product in Pluto, and we have a lower priced product in Paramount+ Essentials. Those are enabled by ad sales, and they broaden consumer access and consumers make choices. Some pay more, some pay less, and ad helps you do that. So again, validation of our strategy. When you talk to advertisers, they really care about the content, and they want to be wrapped around popular content, but they want to also get the right mix of reach and frequency. It's not just reach, it's also frequency. And we have an integrated server that lets us deal with that. That's part of what Naveen was talking about when he said the value ultimately of our multi-platform strategy. People like our diverse collection of content, entertainment, sports, news. They like our track record in working with clients, integrated advertising. We're doing a lot in the advanced space. In fact, the fourth quarter is the first quarter ever where all the holding companies had at least one piece of business on non-Nielsen guarantees. So we're working with them on that. And we're dependable. We have a long track record of partnership. So yeah, there's new entrants. The ad market has always been competitive. We feel great about our position. We've been there for decades. We have an industry unique portfolio. No one else has broadcast network, fast and a high growth subscription streaming service, all wrapped around really the suite of content we have. So it's not about a new entrant. I think in the near-term, it's really about the state of the market that's going to -- the whole thing is going to pivot on. But we're not surprised they're joining the market, and we're happy to compete with them.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks Ben. Operator, we have time for one last question.
Operator: Our final question today comes from John Hodulik from UBS. John, your line is open. Please go ahead.
John Hodulik: Great. Thanks for the question. On the media side, yeah, we've hit the advertising piece. How about on the affiliate side, I guess for Naveen, can you quantify the impact that the reclassification of Sky had on the acceleration and the affiliate declines in the quarter, maybe what you're seeing in terms of cord cutting? And then just any outlook you could provide on that line item that would be great. Thanks.
Naveen Chopra: Yeah. Hi John, thanks for the question. I'd start by saying that with respect to the affiliate and subscription side of the business, particularly in TV Media, I actually don't think that the Q3 rate of change is a particularly helpful indicator of what we expect to see longer term. And the reason for that is that there are a number of non-organic factors that affect the year-over-year comps, it includes the suspension of our linear channels in Russia. There's a fairly sizable FX impact. There's differences in the number of pay-per-view events in the comp quarters. And as I mentioned, there's ongoing restructuring of primarily international affiliate deals that moves revenue from TV Media segment into the direct-to-consumer segment. I'm not going to size each of those independently, but I can tell you that if you adjust for that group of inorganic items, TV Media affiliate revenue would have been down 3% in the quarter versus the 5% reported. And I think that 3% is probably a better indicator of the underlying trend that we see on the linear affiliate side. That being said, I think the real important takeaway here is that the better number to focus on is total company affiliate and subscription revenue, which as we noted in our remarks, grew 8% in the quarter. That's an important number because it demonstrates that the growth we're seeing in streaming is more than offsetting the declines that we're seeing in the linear ecosystem. And we expect that, that trend will continue.
End of Q&A:
Bob Bakish: Yeah. Look, I'd just like to close by saying I understand there are concerns about the macro environment impacting the financials. But again, they're cyclical, they will inevitably turn. And more importantly, our world-class content engine is driving unquestionable momentum across our platforms. By that, I mean streaming, television and theatrical. We're really putting points on the board in all of them, and we're going to continue to lean into this momentum as we execute our differentiated strategy. We continue to feel this is the best path to value creation. Of course, we'll always look at any option, but we will continue to do that as we execute and we look forward to getting the dialogue with all of you as we do. Thank you for your support. Have a great day.
Naveen Chopra: Thanks all.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you very much for your attendance. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-04 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Elliott, and I'll be the conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Paramount Global's Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. At this time, I would now like to turn the call over to Anthony DiClemente, Paramount Global's EVP, Investor Relations. You may begin your conference call.
Anthony DiClemente: Good morning, everyone. Thank you taking the time to join us for our second quarter 2022 earnings call. Joining me for today's discussion are Bob Bakish, our President and CEO; and Naveen Chopra, our CFO. Please note that in addition to our earnings release, we have trending schedules containing supplemental information available on our website.  I want to remind you that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in more detail in our filings with the SEC.  Some of today's financial remarks will focus on adjusted results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release or in our trending schedules, which contains supplemental information and in each case, can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website.  Now I will turn the call over to Bob.
Robert Bakish: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'll start this morning by talking about Q2 highlights and preview what's next. Then I'll turn it over to Naveen to take you through financial and operating details, and we'll wrap up with a Q&A as usual.  Big picture, while we're clearly navigating some near-term headwinds in the macroeconomic environment, Q2 shows we have the assets, strategy and ability to compete and win over the long term. Q2 showed a company that it's taking market share in streaming, in broadcast, in box office and in upfront dollars. It also serves as a company increasing its penetration of the most important growth market in media streaming, as evidenced by our over 5 million D2C subs added in the quarter. And Q2 shows how we leverage investments across multiple platforms, that unlock multiple revenue streams. This, combined with our fiscally disciplined approach, including with respect to cost management, provides a real advantage in these challenging times and beyond.  At the center, of course, is our hugely popular content, big, broad and beloved. Just think of the biggest movie in the world, Top Gun: Maverick; the most popular TV show in the country, Yellowstone; perennial global hits like the CBS crime procedurals, NCIS and FBI; or the world's most popular preschool franchise, Nickelodeon's PAW Patrol.  Our content consistently attracts and entertains mass audiences. When I say audiences, I don't just mean kids or adults, I mean the whole household, not just the coast, but the entire country, not just the U.S.. but the entire world, not just the streaming audience, but the TV, theatrical and streaming audience.  Part of the reason is that we don't just make popular content, we also make content popular by leveraging our powerful platforms. After all, to drive best-in-class marketing and distribution, you've got to have best-in-class assets, like the #1 broadcast network in America, the largest broadcast footprint globally, the #1 free ad-supported streaming TV service in the U.S. and one of the fastest-growing premium SVOD services.  The combination of our content, platforms and strategy ensures we can reach the largest total addressable market, generate strong returns on content investment and create devoted fan followings taking full advantage of our deep and growing library of valuable IP. All of these advantages came to life in Q2.  So let me show you how, starting with film. Nowhere is our popularity more evident than at the box office. Look no further than Top Gun: Maverick, which is already the biggest film of 2022, and our fifth #1 title this year. In fact, Top Gun: Maverick just cleared $1.34 billion at the global box office and became 1 of the top 10 domestic movies of all time.  Here, we leveraged our portfolio of brands, including CBS and MTV, to execute a major cross-company consumer campaign that resonated with audiences everywhere, a strategy that has been proven to be highly effective when deployed against our major assets.  Success like this, 5 #1 films at the box office, Top Gun, Scream, Jackass Forever, The Lost City and Sonic the Hedgehog 2, which, by the way, also made history as the biggest video game opening of all time. Success like this isn't a given, it requires the right strategy and strong execution.  In the early stages of the pandemic, we were very selective with our releases, holding certain films until market conditions improve. While we could have released Top Gun: Maverick and The Lost City earlier, we held off because we knew these phenomenal stories would bring audiences back to theaters. That proved to be the right call.  Paramount continues to shine at the box office with numbers that outperformed even our own expectations, and we're excited about the future. We'll end this spectacular year with Damien Chazelle's Babylon, starring Brad Pitt and Margot Robbie, which begins its theatrical rollout in December. And our 2023 fleet is anchored by fresh commercial takes on some of our most popular and new franchises: from TRANSFORMERS and Teenage Mutant Turtles to Dungeon & Dragons and PAW Patrol, to name just a few.  But our amazing content isn't limited to the silver screen. Viewers hungry for incredible storytellers are also turning up in ever greater numbers to our flagship streaming service, Paramount+. This quarter, Paramount+ added 4.9 million global subscribers and revenue grew 120%, further cementing Paramount+ as one of the fastest-growing premium streaming services.  Based on third-party data, Paramount+ is the #1 premium service in the U.S. in sign-ups and net subscriber additions, both this quarter and year-to-date. And based on other third-party data, Paramount+ is also the most popular premium streaming service in the U.S. to add among switchers. That means people who dropped the service in the last 12 months we're more likely to add Paramount+ than any other service. Yet again, evidence, we are taking market share.  The success of our streaming platforms speaks to the power of our content strategy. from movies and sports, to shows the news, to events and more, the diversity and quality of our content is unrivaled, especially on Paramount+. Box office hits the Lost City and Sonic the Hedgehog 2 came to Paramount+ in May, generating terrific engagement across all demographics. Their success demonstrates that our strategy of a big theatrical release, with a fast follow to streaming, is by far the most effective way to maximize the return on our investments in movies.  Meanwhile, hit CBS originals like NCIS, which consistently dominate ratings in linear, have drawn significant viewership to Paramount+ and driven engagement there, as have must-see sporting events like the UEFA Champions League Final in May, which air on CBS and Paramount+.  Additionally, the power and strength of our franchises, Existing and new, was on full display this quarter, thanks to strong performances from Star Trek: Strange New Worlds, 1883 of the Yellowstone Universe and our latest South Park special, South Park: the Streaming Wars as well as Halo, which has become a top driver globally for subscriber acquisition and engagement.  And we're just getting started. We've got more captivating content on the way, and our multi-platform approach will drive even more viewers to streaming. Later this year, the biggest show on television, Yellowstone, returns for its fifth season to the Paramount Network in the U.S. Importantly, Yellowstone's linear premier will support the streaming launch of Taylor Sheridan's latest original for Paramount+, Tulsa King, which debuts November 13 and stars the one and only, Sylvester Stallone.  Paramount+ will also debut a criminal minds revival, building on what is already a fan favorite. In September, another season of the NFL and SEC college football also returns to CBS and Paramount+ in the U.S.  The momentum of Paramount+ is not just the product of its strong and diverse portfolio of content, it's also the product and the smart distribution strategy, which is bringing our flagship streaming services to more audiences than ever before.  For instance, Paramount+ continues to expand internationally, leveraging our rich heritage as a truly global operating company. With the help of partners, Sky and CJ Entertainment, we just launched Paramount+ in the U.K., Ireland and South Korea.  Hard bundle deals like these allow us to quickly unlock a healthy volume of subscribers at 0 acquisition cost and with very low churn. In September, we're using that same strategy to launch Paramount+ as a hard bundle in Italy with Sky Italia.  Later in the year, we'll do the same with Sky in Germany, Austria and Switzerland, and with CANAL+ in France. Meanwhile, in markets like India and Eastern Europe, we're focused on balancing long-term market growth with a smart allocation of capital.  As exemplified by our deals with Viacom18 and Reliance, with whom we're partnering to bring Paramount+ to India and with our Sky Showtime partnership with Comcast, which will launch later this year. By the end of the year, inclusive of Paramount+ and Sky Showtime, we expect to have our subscription video-on-demand services in 60 total markets.  Moving forward, we'll continue to harness the strategy of ubiquitous distribution, which includes direct-to-consumer as well as channel partners like Roku, Amazon and Apple in addition to the aforementioned hard bundles so that Paramount+ can reach as large an audience as possible.  We're also seeing the power of partnership to bring Pluto TV to greater heights. Pluto TV is already the #1 free ad-supported streaming television service in the U.S. And this quarter, monthly active users grew to nearly 70 million globally. And through partnerships with Viaplay Group and Corus, we are now expanding Pluto TV's international footprint in the Nordics and Canada, respectively.  With Pluto, we provide a global platform and global libraries, and our partners provide compelling local content and local ad sales capabilities. It's a powerful and efficient local model.  Now because our assets continue to perform impressively across TV and streaming, advertisers are taking note even amid broader market uncertainty. We've long known what makes us the ideal advertising partner, our ability to deliver both scale and efficiency, all wrapped around premium content.  On scale, our multi-platform strategy is a clear advantage. Our audience reach across broadcast, cable, ad-supported SVOD at Paramount+ and free ad-supported streaming TV in Pluto TV represents a connected viewing ecosystem that produces over 1 trillion ad impressions per year in high engagement premium environment that are proven to drive outcomes for clients.  But in a competitive market, scale isn't enough. To attract the best partners and build the best business, you've also got to make it easy and efficient for advertisers to reach their audiences of choice. And at this scale, we offer advertisers access to a wide variety of audiences across every demographic.  At competitive pricing, that makes Paramount a must-buy for marketers who need to efficiently aggregate awareness around their products. We see our partners responding enthusiastically. As evidence, it is worth noting that we recently had our strongest multi-platform unified upfront yet. We had broadcast and cable pricing increase at the same high single-digit rate. and we grew digital volume in the range of 30%.  Most importantly, it's pretty clear that we grew share. Premium content with cross-platform scale and efficiency, it's this robust combination that differentiates Paramount in the ad marketplace and makes us a must-have partner for advertisers.  So in closing, we're continuing to create value across our business, from theatrical, to streaming, to advertising. Millions of new customers are signing up for our streaming services. Fans are headed back to the theaters to watch our films. Viewers keep turning to our networks for their favorite content, and advertising partners are eager to get a share of it all. We couldn't be prouder.  With an iconic Hollywood film studio that owns more than a century of IP, with the #1 broadcast network in the U.S., with some of the most popular cable brands and content in the world, with the fastest-growing premium streaming service in Paramount+, and with the leading free ad-supported streaming TV service in Pluto TV, it's a powerful combination, which we will continue to lean into for the rest of the year and well into the future.  And in a world where people are more and more focused on the financial envelope, particularly around streaming the benefits of our multi-platform strategy, powerful content engine and IP ownership will become clearer and clearer. We have always executed with financial discipline, and we continue to be laser-focused on it.  Now I'd like to turn it over to Naveen to jump into our financial results for the quarter and walk you through our expectations for the second half of the year. Naveen?
Naveen Chopra: Thank you, Bob, and good morning, everyone. Second quarter results demonstrate the value of our diversified media business and expansive monetization platforms. We delivered 19% total company revenue growth through continued strong D2C momentum and record performance at the box off.  Affiliate and subscription revenue grew 12% in the quarter. Advertising was down 2% year-over-year or flat on a constant currency basis due to macroeconomic headwinds, and licensing revenue grew 27%.  Today, I will highlight some of the key financial and operational drivers behind our second quarter results and share some insight on expectations for the second half of the year. Starting with direct-to-consumer. We added 5.2 million global D2C subscribers in Q2. Paramount+ added 4.9 million global subs, while our other streaming services grew modestly.  As of June 30, we had a base of 63.7 million global D2C subscribers, including 43.3 million Paramount+ subscribers. Our quarter end totals reflect the removal of 3.9 million D2C subs in Russia, of which 1.2 million were from Paramount+, consistent with our plan to remove these subscribers from our reporting.  Q2 subscriber growth benefited from the launch of Paramount+ in the U.K., Ireland and South Korea as well as continued domestic growth as we added new hit content to the service. Paramount+ saw continued engagement improvement as our content offering expanded even further. P Plus customers are watching a greater number of unique titles today than ever before. as evidenced by sequential and year-over-year growth in titles viewed per active domestic subs.  We also saw sequential growth in hours per act. And most importantly, deeper engagement resulted in sizable improvement in domestic churn. The combination of subscriber growth and engagement drove Paramount+ revenue growth of 120%, including subscription revenue growth of 126% and advertising growth of 92%.  Paramount+ ARPU improved on a sequential basis in Q2, with both domestic and international ARPU higher versus Q1.  Pluto TV added 2.1 million global MAUs in Q2, bringing our global reach to 69.6 million MAUs. Revenue grew 10% year-on-year. Although Pluto TV revenue growth was impacted by the macro environment, the service continues to demonstrate strong engagement with the year-over-year growth rate in total viewing hours accelerating from Q1 to Q2.  Continued improvements in engagement and our compelling advertiser proposition mean that Pluto is well positioned to both gain share and benefit from organic growth.  Our dual revenue stream model delivered 56% year-over-year D2C revenue growth, with total D2C revenue now reaching $1.2 billion in the quarter. This growth consisted of a 74% increase in subscription revenue and a 25% increase in advertising revenue. D2C OIBDA was a loss of $445 million in the quarter, reflecting the investments we are making in content, marketing and international expansion in support of what we believe is a compelling growth opportunity for Paramount.  The combination of continued investment and ad market softness means that D2C losses should remain roughly the same in the second half of 2022 as the first half of the year. As we said last quarter, except for the removal of subscribers to our services in Russia, our full year D2C subscriber growth expectations are unchanged.  And longer term, we remain focused on our goal of reaching over 100 million global D2C subscribers and generating at least $9 billion in D2C revenue by 2024. And we continue to forecast D2C OIBDA losses will be greatest in 2023 and then improve in 2024.  Turning to our TV Media segment. Revenue grew 1% in Q2 as strong growth in content licensing was mostly offset by declines in advertising and affiliate revenue. TV Media advertising declined 6% in the quarter as pricing growth only partially offset the impact of lower linear impressions and a 2% headwind from FX. TV Media affiliate revenue declined 3% in the quarter.  Importantly, the vast majority of the year-over-year decline occurred in international markets where we proactively restructured key affiliate deals, resulting in a shift of revenue from our Pay TV to D2C services. Over the term of these deals, the reduction in TV Media affiliate revenue is expected to be more than offset by revenue generated from our Paramount+ hard bundle relationships, resulting in net growth to the company.  Domestic affiliate revenue was flat in Q2, excluding a 50 basis point headwind from a year-over-year decrease in pay-per-view revenue. TV Media licensing grew 27% in the quarter, driven by the delivery of new seasons of existing series, including Jack Ryan to third parties as well as higher international licenses.  TV Media OIBDA declined 8% in the quarter to $1.4 billion, reflecting the flow-through of lower advertising and affiliate revenue. And while macroeconomic conditions are likely to continue to affect advertising demand and impact TV Media financials, political advertising as well as price increases negotiated in this year's upfront, in combination with continued expense discipline, should help mitigate market-driven headwinds, particularly in Q4.  As such, in the second half of the year, we expect TV Media OIBDA to return to modest growth on a year-over-year basis.  In Filmed Entertainment, Q2 revenue was $1.4 billion, more than double the year ago period. Theatrical revenue increased $630 million, driven by the success of Top Gun: Maverick and Sonic the Hedgehog 2. Licensing revenue at Filmed Entertainment increased 27%, largely due to the monetization of recent theatrical releases. Filmed Entertainment OIBDA was $181 million, benefiting from the strong performance of our current year theatrical flights. For the full year, our outlook for stable year-on-year OIBDA at Filmed Entertainment remains unchanged.  Turning to the balance sheet. We finished the quarter with $4 billion of cash on hand and total debt of $15.8 billion. We continue to maintain significant financial flexibility, which will increase with the addition of proceeds from the sale of Simon & Schuster &. We also maintained a committed $3.5 billion credit facility that remains undrawn.  In closing, we are enthusiastic about the long-term opportunity for Paramount, unlocked by powerful content and a massive and growing market for streaming. Despite short-term headwinds related to the macro environment, the value of our diversified business, and particularly our ability to monetize content across platforms and audiences, is becoming more clear than ever.  With that, operator, can you please open the line for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today comes from Michael Morris from Guggenheim Partners.
Michael Morris: Bob, maybe you could share your thoughts on your expectation for changes to the competitive landscape for streaming advertising as we move into the back half of the year. I'm particularly interested in how you're thinking about the launches of some of these ad-supported services from Netflix and Disney+, how they could impact the CTV ad market and Paramount+ Pluto, in particular?  And then if I could, Naveen, I apologize because I know it's early to discuss '23, but I'd be curious if you could provide any frame of reference for how much greater those peak D2C losses could be in '23 relative to the 2022 outlook? And any thoughts on growth or swing factors and investment drivers top line that would be incremental there.
Robert Bakish: Yes. Sure, Michael. Let me start. Look, we've been big believers in the dual revenue stream model in streaming, i.e., advertising from the start and the fact that others are following our lead is really a validation of the thesis we've had for years.  So yes, there will be incremental options in the market. But really, competition is nothing new. And importantly, our competitive position in the ad market is very strong. Advertisers are focused on being associated with premium content, and we have a really diverse collection here across entertainment, sports and news. And it's highly coveted by advertisers.  I'd also point out that our content has been created and formatted with advertising in mind, and that's important. Second, look, we've been in a multi-platform ad business for years, and that gives us very high quality reach and scale of over 1 trillion ad impressions per year across all demographics. And then you add to that industry-leading, integrated advertising and advanced advertising capabilities. and really a long track recordship of partnership and customer services with agencies and their clients.  And we know how to transact in upfront. We know how to transact in scatter. We know how to do programmatic. So we had a lot of elements of strength here. And I'd point out that all that's not just conceptual, it translates into performance.  If you look at our Q2 growth rate, particularly in digital, I think you'll find that at the top of the industry. And it's quite clear to me that we took share in this most recent upfront, There, we had digital volume up on the order of 30%. So yes, there will be some new entrants, but we feel very good about our position, and we look forward to continuing to benefit from it.
Naveen Chopra: And Mike, with respect to your question on the outlook for 2023, I'd really say 2 things. One, I mean, as you saw in Q2, we continue to see tremendous momentum in the direct-to-consumer business, whether you look at the growth on Paramount+ subs, what we're seeing in terms of churn, nice MAU growth and engagement growth at Pluto and most importantly, D2C revenue growth at very, very strong levels, 50% on a combined basis, well over 100% revenue growth at Paramount+.  So what we're really navigating from an OIBDA perspective is the weakness in the macro advertising marketplace. And as you said, it's really too early to know exactly what the market will look like in 2023. But we are still focused on managing the business to peak losses in '23, and then starting to see improvements in earnings, both for the D2C segment and the consolidated business as a whole beyond that as we move toward our long-term D2C revenue and subscriber goals.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Kraft from Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Kraft: Just wondering if you could talk in some more detail about the impacts of the macroeconomic environment that you're seeing in the business and particularly what you're seeing in terms of advertising demand across your own platforms. And maybe, along with that, if you could talk about what you're seeing as far as specific advertiser category strength or weakness? And any additional color on the outlook for Pluto in the back half of the year, given what you saw in 2Q?
Robert Bakish: Sure, Bryan. Well, look, we see both headwinds and tailwinds in advertising. It's true that there are some challenges in the scatter market and in digital, and that really is, as you would guess, driven by the state of the macroeconomic environment. That's showing up in certain categories, things like auto continues to be impacted by the supply chain. Packaged goods is managing through inflation issues, which is really impacting their ad spending as they look to protect margins.  But these aren't long-term issues. There are short-term challenges we got to just work through. On the positive side, TV clearly remains resilient on a relative basis, and that's a function of a very tight supply. And so we benefit at Paramount from having a balance across linear and digital clearly.  And I note that we are seeing some areas of category strength, including in Q2 and today, travel, technology. Also worth noting that we're taking advantage of the current situation to increase our level of promotion for in-house assets, particularly with respect to Paramount+. That gives us incremental product visibility to the consumer, and it also benefited us in terms of third-party expense reduction.  As we look ahead in this ad market, there's 2 things I'd note. First, we're really pleased with how the upfront played out and particularly the volume dynamic in it, which was up nicely. Second, there are 2 important new category tailwinds that we'll see probably late Q3 and certainly Q4. The first is pharmaceuticals. That came back big in the upfront. That's super important to us because it's a big category for us given our demographics and specifically the demos of CBS.  And the second is political. We're expecting advertising related to the midterm to be very strong given what's going on there. And I'd note that historically, that's really a stations business and for sure, it will be a stations business this year. But also with targeting, we see IQ and Pluto playing there and therefore benefiting as well. So that's really the ad market. I don't know if you want to comment on...
Naveen Chopra: Yes. I mean in terms of our expectations for Pluto in the back part of the year, I'd take a couple of things. We don't obviously guide to Pluto specifically. It is part of our broader D2C business, as you well know. And we continue to see very healthy levels of growth there, 56% D2C revenue growth in the quarter. And I think we'll probably finish the year with very healthy revenue growth across the segment.
Operator: We now turn to Steven Cahall from Wells Fargo.
Steven Cahall: I just wanted to pick up on some of the Pluto line of questioning. It seems like the MAU growth is strong. I assume the engagement is pretty strong as well. And so with some of the slowdown in revenue, is the right way to think about this business that it is just a price taker in the programmatic market, and that price pressure can kind of arrive unannounced? And if that's the case, I was just wondering if you could talk about some of the pricing changes that you saw late in Q2 and how those have trended as you've gotten into Q3, any improvement or degradation?  And then at TV Media, I think investors have been a little bit skeptical about the stable guide in OIBDA. So thanks for that color on the second half growth. Could you maybe just think about what the drivers for stable guidance might be for next year, especially since you're comping political?
Robert Bakish: Yes, Steven, let me take the Pluto piece and then Naveen will go from there. So I'd start by saying Pluto is the leader in fast in the U.S. And as you know, it's rapidly growing internationally as well. I'd note that the supply side of Pluto continues to track very strongly. We look at impression delivery, and it's in line with our expectations for the beginning of the year.  MAUs are now at basically $70 million because we're getting great consumer traction and engagement, time spent, et cetera on Pluto continues to grow. In fact, we saw an acceleration of that from Q1 to Q2. So very good supply side equation.  Revenue side has certainly been impacted by the macroeconomic situation. It's really a marketplace dynamic that unfortunately, we're not immune to. But even with that, some very compelling facts to focus on. Related to the streaming ad size, Paramount+ grew advertising over 90% in the quarter.  And if you look at our total D2C ad business in the quarter, including Pluto TV, that grew 25%. That's partially because we are gaining share. We have a very strong proposition in the marketplace. And another indicator of that strength is really the 30% digital volume growth -- ad volume growth that we saw in the upfront.  So to your question of it being a price taker, sure, we play in the programmatic market. That matters. It's an important part of the equation. But again, we're not just selling Pluto, we're selling a full range of streaming product and multiplatform product and having great traction with advertisers. And we think that is a tremendous positive for the company and will be even more so as the macro situation improves.
Naveen Chopra: And in terms of the question around the stability of TV Media earnings, as we said, we do expect the -- in the near term, there'll be some impact because of the macro advertising environment. But longer term, we do still remain confident that once that advertising market recovers, we can deliver TV Media -- stable TV Media OIBDA, and that's enabled by a combination of a few things. Number one, rate increases in both the affiliate and advertising side of the business, and there's been evidence of that over the last few quarters. We've done -- we have a very successful track record of putting in place new affiliate deals that either have built-in rate escalators or fixed fee components on the station side of the business. And then obviously, on the advertising side, we're very happy with what we've seen in the upfront, both in terms of price increases and what we've been able to do from a volume perspective.  So rate is an important part of the equation. We also expect to see continued meaningful contributions from the licensing side of that business, which is enabled by a combination of both an incredible catalog and unique production capabilities.  And of course, we will continue to have a lot of innovation and discipline on the cost side of the equation, and that's true across programming, it's true across marketing, and it's true across our broader operations. So the combination of all those things will be key to delivering stable TV Media OIBDA.
Operator: We now turn to Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne: I just had a couple of questions on one topic, which is sort of the international opportunity with Paramount+. Bob, could you talk a little bit about how the launch went in the U.K. and South Korea in the quarter, sort of the strategy to drive that business? And did you see the whole benefit of the initial launch in Q2? Or is some of that going to lead into Q3?  And as part of that, could you talk a little bit your international programming strategy? I believe you guys have some local productions, 4 language productions in the works? Just could you give us a sense of your appetite to build that out as a part of the offering as you grow the business outside the U.S.?
Robert Bakish: Yes, sure, Ben. So a couple of things to say. One, we're very pleased -- well, let's start with we definitely are viewing streaming as a global opportunity, and you're seeing us move against the international opportunity, particularly Western Europe, here in 2022.  Two is with respect to Western Europe, we obviously launched the U.K. and Ireland in June. By the way, we also launched South Korea the week before. Those launches are performing above our expectations. Both of those have hard bundle elements to them. Obviously, we're in business with Sky in the U.K. and Ireland, and they are very pleased with what we brought to market. And by the way, the response to the launch more broadly has been very strong, including what we showed in London related to the launch event.  Same thing is true with South Korea. There, we're working with TVING, which is a local streamer. CJ has a minority stake in it. And there, we're really the global part of the global tier to their local offering. And again, they're very happy with what we brought to market and how it's performing. And so we're off to a very good start.  To your question of is this Q2 only boost to subs? Or does it extend past that? It definitely extends past that. Recall that our international distribution strategy is focused on achieving ubiquity. It really has 3 fundamental components: hard bundle, plus channel stores like Roku and Amazon and Apple, and direct D2C on an O&O basis. So we'll be deploying all of that in those markets.  And therefore, we see sub growth not only coming from really engagement from the hard bundles where more and more people use it, but we also see those other 2 pillars of the distribution strategy beginning to kick in, and in fact, they already have.  Third point I'd make is this is a big year for Western Europe for us. We have Italy in September. That's another launch with Sky on a hard bundled basis. That's tracking very well. And then we have Germany and Austria and Switzerland with Sky in December, I believe, as well as France with CANAL+. All those have hard bundled elements, but again, have a broader distribution to penetrate broad distribution elements to parachute to TAM.  The last point, your local content, all those markets do have local content dimensions. We really have you see a dual benefit there. On the one hand, with local content, and we know local content for a long time from operating networks, things like using a local format of the shores and making it for a market, works very well.  We also have -- in the U.K., we have Channel 5, so it has relationships that are triggering stories there. So yes, local content is one thing. But the second element of it, a lot of that we're going to use globally because on a termed basis, the streaming world has proven that works. So local is very much part of our strategy in the mix. It's not an overwhelming part, but it is part of it. Naveen?
Naveen Chopra: I think you covered the -- I think you got it.
Operator: We now turn to Rich Greenfield from LightShed Partners.
Richard Greenfield: So when Netflix published its Q2, it showed this chart that had minutes viewed, and I think CBS was actually #2 behind Netflix. It didn't have Paramount+ or Pluto, but I would assume that would close the gap between Netflix and the broader Paramount company.  But I think the question that sort of every investor on this call is thinking about is as the business shifts from linear to digital, meaning CBS sort of shrinks in share and Paramount+ and Pluto growing their share, can Paramount maintain sort of aggregate time spend? And what will the margin profile of that business looks like?  Because I think if you think about everyone in streaming today, like you're talking about $1.8 billion of losses for the calendar year. Sort of everyone, but Netflix is losing billions a year on streaming. And maybe just the way to think about this is, on a revenue basis, your linear TV business this quarter had $2 billion of advertising plus and Paramount+ was sort of in the $90 million range and Pluto at $265 million or so.  So I guess the point is just as this business shifts, can you capture enough time spend to have the similar profit look your business has in legacy as you move to streaming, if that makes sense?
Robert Bakish: Yes. Sure, Rich. So a couple of points there. I don't know exactly what chart you're looking at. But if you look at Q2, Paramount's combined U.S. linear delivery was bigger than Netflix. And that's even more the case if you combine linear and streaming, but that's really neither here or there.  The question on margins is really the core of what you're asking. And as we look at, as streaming becomes bigger for us, as we gain scale, we see operating margins from streaming approaching that of TV Media. Remember, Rich, we've only been in the streaming business for a short time. Others have been there for years. We need to give this a bit of time to play out.  But there are real reasons that we see this path to superior margins. And at the core of it, it's our differentiated as we say, playbook. If you look at where we are in content, we're clearly advantaged. We've got a broad offering. Many, many globally renowned franchises, backed up by a deep library, I mean the economic value of going and trying to replace that library, I don't even know what it would be. And we got tremendous engagement, i.e., time spent off the library. So that's one important economic advantage.  Two, we have a platform advantage. The combination of streaming and traditional is significant. It helps our content economics. It helps our marketing economics, and it shouldn't be discounted.  Third, we're in the free streaming space and the pay streaming space. So what does that do? It gets us a bigger TAM. And we regularly see the value of serving consumers that don't pay for streaming as well as the ones that do, and obviously, the associated ad access.  And fourth, we have this global operating footprint. I mean we deployed it in the U.K. The reason we got the CJ deal done in South Korea is we've been there for years, there, in a joint venture. But nonetheless, we have experience, we have assets, we have relationships, and those provide real leverage, including in streaming.  So you put all that together, and we do see a superior financial envelope at comparable level of scale to someone else. And we do see this tracking to TV Media-like markets, which is at the core of your question. We just have to let it play out a bit. And yes, we've got to manage through some near-term macroeconomic headwinds, but we will. So we're very excited about this transformation journey that we're on.
Operator: Our next question is from Kutgun Maral from RBC Capital Markets.
Kutgun Maral: One on content spend and one on film entertainment, if I could. So on content spend, some of your peers have clearly revisited their content spend budgets for the next few years as there is perhaps a greater focus on getting to profitable growth. I know you're in a unique position of being able to leverage your content investments across a more diverse set of linear and digital platforms. But on the other hand, it sounds like OIBDA losses for DTC this year are shaping up to be closer to $1.8 billion versus expectations for $1.5 million before.  So I was curious if you had an updated view on what the appropriate level of content spend is evolving into for Paramount, whether that's for the total company or just for DTC? And just briefly on Filmed Entertainment, Top Gun's success has been pretty remarkable, and it seems like you have a very solid slate for the balance of this year and then, of course, more to come in '23 and '24.  I know it might take some time before we get to the more profitable windows for these films to really flow through the financials. So maybe not for this year, but are we approaching a period where you could see more meaningful step function improvements in Filmed Entertainment's profitability?
Naveen Chopra: Yes. It's Naveen, I'll take both of those. First, on content spend. The most important thing to remember is that when we think about our content investment, we're always looking at it in the context of the growth and the return that it unlocks.  And so of course, when you think about it through that lens, you have to focus on the fact that we added 5 million Paramount+ subs in the quarter. Paramount+ revenue growth was 120%, and we continue to be very bullish about growth going forward.  So our content investment is definitely working. It's producing very real results in the momentum that you've seen. And at the same time, we're very committed to our long-term growth objectives around the D2C business, and we intend to continue to invest to support that growth opportunity.  Continuing as we have to make those decisions prudently with a real eye towards the ROI of the investments, what we don't want to do is sacrifice a long-term opportunity by overreacting to some of the short-term headwinds that obviously exist, particularly in the advertising marketplace today.  So we're continuing to move forward. We're continuing to fund the growth. We think it's an incredible opportunity. And as you pointed out, our content dollars are used differently than many of our peers. We leverage those assets across many platforms, and it's one of the reasons that we can grow faster, while spending less than others.  In terms of your question on the Filmed Entertainment business, obviously, we have not provided any specific long-term guidance there. But I would encourage you to think about that business more broadly, which is to say, increasingly, the value of our movies is not just about what they generated in the box office.  Those windows are now expanding in terms of -- it's not just about box office and home entertainment and then going to third parties, we can generate a lot of value out of those assets on our streaming services. We continue to monetize them from a catalog perspective. So it's -- for us, it's really about continuing to build the asset value, and we do that by having a great slate that will continue to be heavy on franchises. And we're looking forward to what that does both for the box office business and also our other channels.
Operator: We now turn to Jessica Reif Ehrlich from Bank of America Securities.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: I was wondering if you could give us color on IPL? What the dollar commitment -- your commitment is and what your goals are there? And then just to go back to the content spend, could you at least talk about like step function in increasing content spend '23 versus '22 and '24 as well?
Robert Bakish: Sure, Jessica. So IPL i.e., India cricket, I assume, that's a deal that was done by our joint venture in India, Viacom18, which recently had a transaction where they brought in Bodhi Tree as an investor and Capital Infusion.  Their intent, and I don't really leave it to the joint venture, which, by the way, our other partners, Reliance, to speak to that, and they haven't spoke to it much. But what they have said is it's -- we obviously have the streaming rights there. It's going to be part of a streaming offering for the Indian market, that Viacom18 is going to launch in 2023.  We've also said that we are going to -- Paramount+ is going to launch with it, essentially as another form of hard bundle, a tier. And therefore, we're really excited about it because we get the very material benefit of cricket, and cricket is at the top of the food chain in India.  And so it will be a real engine for streaming, and then Paramount+ will benefit by being part of that, even though we're not directly investing on an O&O basis, we're obviously part of the joint venture. So that's the IPL answer.
Naveen Chopra: And Jessica, with respect to the question on content spend in future years, I'd point you back to what we shared during our Investor Day back in February. As you know, we're -- our goal is to drive the growth on the D2C business to over $9 billion of revenue by the end of 2024. We said at that time that, that would involve D2C content expense of around $6 billion. And we're still operating with that in mind. We haven't provided any kind of specific cadence of exactly what that looks like from year to year, but we're continuing to invest and manage the business with those goals.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Feldman from Goldman Sachs.
Brett Feldman: And just sort of two related questions. The first is, to what extent are you seeing any inflationary cost pressures in the business? I'm particularly interested in whether that's creeping into content production costs. And then more broadly, one of the questions we get from investors as they think through the impact of inflation is pricing power. We've seen some price increases at different streaming services.  I was wondering if you can give us your latest thoughts on when or whether you believe you'll be in a position to potentially start raising price on your streaming services, most notably Paramount+?
Robert Bakish: Yes. Sure, Brett. So on your first question, inflation, in our business, we actually saw inflation a while ago, really more in the production side of the house related to talent and competition therein. So we've been managing with that for a while. And thankfully, we are viewed as a good place to work, if you will.  And we have many partnerships with important people in front of and behind the screen working with us to make shows. But -- so the current inflation driving things like higher fuel prices and all is not really that much of a factor for us incremental. We're watching it, but I wouldn't think of that as a step function change for us like it is, for example, for a packaged goods company that's buying raw materials at seeing those prices increase, very different dynamic.
Naveen Chopra: And in terms of pricing on streaming services, specifically Paramount+, I think you really have to look at that in the context of ARPU more broadly because remember, we have a dual revenue stream model, which means that we're not entirely dependent on price increases for growth.  And we are -- despite some of the short-term headwinds, we continue to be very bullish about the potential for continued ad ARPU growth on our streaming services. In fact, we've seen healthy double-digit growth in ad ARPU on the Essentials tier of Paramount+, despite some of the macro headwinds. That's, of course, driven by meaningful growth in engagement and continued innovation around the ad products that we make available.  Pricing will be a part of the equation. And though we don't have any imminent price changes, they will happen in the future, and we'll do it while also taking into account the evolution of our content offering, looking at what sort of bundles and other promotional opportunities are available to our customers. and of course, thinking about our value proposition relative to competing services, where I point out, I think we offer a very strong value position today. So we're continuing to look at pricing. We continue to look at how we optimize the tiering along with that, but it's part of a broader overall ARPU story.
Operator: Our last question comes from Philip Cusick from JPMorgan.
Philip Cusick: I'll try not to abuse it. A couple of clarifications and a question, if I can. It sounds like you're no longer targeting 60%-plus growth in D2C revenue this year. Is that right? And is there a better level we should look at? And how is the composition of ad-supported versus premium Paramount+ subs and gross add trends sort of changed since the release in June? What does that ad load look like in revenue from here? And does that grow over time in terms of ad load?
Naveen Chopra: Yes, I'll take those. It's Naveen. So first, in terms of D2C revenue growth for the year, we continue to expect very healthy levels of D2C growth. But obviously, given the macro advertising headwinds and the fact that there's a little bit less visibility in the back half of the year, it's possible we may not get all the way to that 60%. But I think it'll probably be relatively close. And either way, it's a very healthy number.  With respect to composition of subscribers at Paramount+, it's still balanced between the premium tier and the ad-supported essentials tier that can bounce around a little bit from quarter-to-quarter based on promotions and bundles and things that we may be doing with partners. But I think it continues to be evidence that they are both very compelling products, and they both serve unique and large markets. So we like that strategy.  And in terms of the ad load specifically, it's more a function of continuing to build out the ad products on Paramount+. We've launched advertising very recently within that service. And so for instance, there are certain parts of the product where advertising is not yet enabled and that will continue to evolve over time.
Robert Bakish: Yes, let me just jump in here. I really want to thank everyone for their time today. In closing, I hope you heard how we're deploying a very unique asset portfolio with a differentiated strategy to not only successfully compete in this challenging macroeconomic environment, but importantly, take share and continue to have real momentum, particularly in the streaming space.  So we're very excited about the future. We're going to continue to manage through it, and we look forward to keeping you updated as we do. In the interim, thanks again for your time, and be well, everyone. Bye-bye.
Operator: Today's call is now concluded. We'd like to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-03 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Charlie, and Ill be the conference operator today. At this time, Id like to welcome everyone to the Paramount Global Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been muted to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would now like to turn the call over to Anthony DiClemente, Paramount Globals, EVP Investor Relations. You may now begin your call.
Anthony DiClemente: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking the time to join us for our first quarter 2022 earnings call. Joining me for todays discussion are Bob Bakish, our President and CEO and Naveen Chopra, our CFO. Please note that in addition to our earnings release, we have trending schedules containing supplemental information available on our website. I want to remind you that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in more detail in our filings with the SEC. Some of todays financial remarks will focus on adjusted results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release or in our trending schedules, which contains supplemental information, and in each case can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. And now, I will turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Bakish: Good morning, everyone. Im excited to update you on our results for the first time, since we unveiled the new Paramount brand and the Paramount vision in February. As we said then, the Paramount brand represents the best in media and entertainment, and we pride ourselves on delivering superior content across platforms to fans all around the world. Todays results show we are already executing on that vision. We have strong momentum across our business from our fast-growing streaming services and top box office films to our highly rated television programming. And were on track to deliver against the long-term goals we laid out at our recent investor event. I think you will see this as Naveen walks you through the details of our segment financial shortly. But first, I want to talk to you about the key to our success. Our differentiated playbook, a playbook anchored in the broad positioning only Paramount holds in the market. A playbook comprised of four self-reinforcing elements. First, our broad collection of exciting engaging content; second, our diversified streaming business model, offering free ad-supported and paid subscription options; third, our wide-ranging set of platforms, combining streaming with broadcast, cable, and theatrical; and four, our truly global operating footprint. This differentiated playbook is what makes Paramount unique. And it is a playbook, which was designed from the start to leverage our specific asset base to create an advantaged streaming model, one with a superior financial outlook relative to pure play legacy streamers. As youll hear today, we drew on these strengths to drive consumption and monetization across our business in Q1. Total content consumption has grown to 14 billion hours on our owned and operated platforms. Were also seeing continued total company revenue growth, excluding the impact of the Super Bowl. And streaming momentum is clearly evident, where Paramount+ led the way, adding 6.8 million subscribers globally, once again, making it one of the fastest growing streaming subscription services in the quarter and bringing our total D2C sub base to more than 62 million. We also continued to dominate the free ad-supported streaming TV space, with Pluto TV growing to 67.5 million monthly active users globally. With that, let me break down how our four key differentiators: broad content, diversified streaming business model, wide range of platforms and global operating footprint, go growth in Q1 and will continue to drive performance through the rest of the year and beyond. First, as always is content. Paramounts diversity and quality of content sets us apart from the competition. Weve got movies, scripted and unscripted originals, kids and family, news, sports and events. Weve got animation and live action. And we serve audiences of all ages, all over the country and all around the world. And you can see this breadth in our success this quarter. In the U.S., Paramount is the only film studio to have four films open number one at the box office this year. With Scream, Jackass Forever, The Lost City and Sonic the Hedgehog 2. And next up we have the hotly anticipated Top Gun: Maverick for Memorial Day weekend. In television, CBS is once again the most watched network for the 14th consecutive season, this, despite not having the Super Bowl or the Olympics. Our international broadcasters are also strong as Telefe and Chilevisin continue to be number one in their markets, and share for Channel 5 in the UK is up 10%. And Pluto remains the number one free ad-supported streaming TV service in the U.S. by a significant margin. And you now see the incredible Paramount content engine definitively driving streaming, particularly at Paramount+. This quarter, we saw engagement go up in all content verticals year-over-year, and movies and specials, scripted original series and kids and family each more than doubled. Here are just a few of the top performance from Paramount+ in the quarter. Starting with movies. Paramount movies are a powerful driver for Paramount+. Films were the number two content vertical in driving new subscribers and we saw triple digit lifts in number of households viewing and hours streamed year-over-year. Our approach to Paramount film releases directly following their theatrical window brought Scream and Jackass Forever to the service in March, where our 45-day fast follow model continued to deliver strong metrics, including strong ROI. And Im excited to see Lost City and Sonic 2 coming to the service in the next few weeks.  Worth noting, Sonic 2 is outperforming Sonic 1 and Paramount and Sega are also developing a third Sonic theatrical film and a first ever original Sonic series for Paramount+ next year. All this content will make Paramount+ the home for this incredibly popular franchise. Live sports also continued to perform for Paramount+. The NFL playoffs grew strongly year-on-year. And in April, the Masters became the most streamed golf event ever on Paramount+. And for fans of the beautiful game, we are now in UEFA season, which will include Paramount+ and CBS Sports showcasing the highly anticipated UEFA Champions League final, featuring the top soccer clubs in Europe at the end of this month. The first quarter was also huge for Paramount+ scripted originals. The compelling and incredibly popular Yellowstone origin story 1883 from creator producer Taylor Sheridan was once again a juggernaut. It holds the top spot for acquisition and is the number one streaming original ever for the service in terms of new domestic subscribers and engagement. Our latest Star Trek installment Star Trek: Picard also thrilled fans in the quarter. And building on the strong performance of Picard and Star Trek: Discovery, were excited to bring the debut of Star Trek: Strange New Worlds to audiences this week. The quarter also saw our best performing Spanish language scripted series yet. In fact, The Envoys had the strongest acquisition in streaming performance across all original international titles to debut on Paramount+ U.S. to date. Filmed in Mexico, the show is a shining example of the power of our global production capabilities. And then, theres Halo. This epic adaptation, bringing to life the action and adventure of the immensely popular Halo game series is a huge global hit. In fact, it became the most streamed original series premiere in its first weekend of release on Paramount+. And rest assured, theres more coming, including Taylor Sheridans Tulsa King, starring Sylvester Stallone, and the next season of Mayor of Kingstown, another season of SEAL Team, a Beavis and Butt-head movie and series and a lot more kids and family programming, including season 2 of our SpongeBob spin-off, Kamp Koral. That, plus a packed reality slate with hits like season 3 of The Challenge: All Stars. Our second differentiator is our broad streaming business model. While many legacy streamers are rethinking their paid-only models, our mix of free ad-supported and paid subscription streaming options has been a hallmark of our strategy from the start, offering viewers the freedom to choose the plan thats right for them and giving us access to the largest global total addressable market, while providing the benefit of dual revenue streams. With another strong quarter, Pluto TV continues to be a global leader in free ad-supported TV. The service continues to grow in users, engagement and revenue. Pluto launched more than 102 new channels internationally in the quarter, for a total of now more than 1,000 global channels of great entertainment on the platform. Global TV viewing hours have grown by double digits year-over-year. And its worth noting that one of the things that makes Pluto TV so special is that rather as seeing it as strictly an alternative to other services, many viewers see it as complementary to linear and paid streaming. In fact, 80% of Plutos customers also subscribe to paid streaming services. Now, we all know people consume content on a variety of platforms. Some shows are worth the subscription, so you can watch them the moment they drop. Some movies are meant to be seen on the big screen. And for big games, you just have to watch it live on Broadcast TV or Paramount+. Thats why our broad set of platforms is a powerful third differentiator. Our deep expertise and expansive reach across theatrical, broadcast, cable and streaming gives us multiple advantages the legacy streamers dont have, strong promotional platforms to market and launch content and multiple revenue streams to generate return on every dollar of content investment. And remember, they created the massive libraries we have that are now generating significant incremental consumption at incredibly low cost. We see the power of the multi-platform advantage in the performance of our films. Our four number ones, for example, opened in theaters, backed by promotion across the entire company, and we were able to springboard off the theatrical marketing to drive performance as titles launch on Paramount+. You saw this approach with Scream and Jackass and you will see it in the coming weeks with Lost City and Sonic 2. In addition, as I mentioned with Sonic, we will also launch spinoffs for Paramount+ to further strengthen franchises and deepen fan bases. And based off the success of Jackass Forever, we are working with the creators to continue the partnership with a new series, bringing even more ridiculous antics straight to Paramount+. We also see the power of the multi-platform advantage in the performance of our top linear TV programs. In addition to being the most watched network in America, CBS continues to be a strong driver of Paramount streaming services. Many of the cornerstones of our CBS lineup, fan favorites like Ghosts, NCIS and FBI are also among the strongest performers in streaming. To-date this season, CBS has been the source of 17 of the top 30 titles on Paramount+ and on Pluto TV, CBS content accounts for 10 of the top 30 series in the quarter. This multi-platform advantage also benefits our advertising partners. When advertisers see the massive scale of our linear and streaming offerings, including services like our Paramount+ Essential tier and our industry-leading Pluto TV FAST service. They instantly recognize that we provide access to a highly valuable diverse audience in a manner and scale thats hard to match. Through EyeQ, our integrated suite of streaming and creative ad solutions, we give advertisers turnkey access to 80 million full episode, monthly unique viewers. This is a powerful offering in the marketplace and no one can deliver an audience from across a range of platforms in quite the same way, particularly when we package that with linear TV. The fourth and last major differentiator that sets us apart is our international operating scale. We dont just license outside the United States, like some companies. Paramount is a truly global operating company, with teams on the ground in more than 30 markets, and a dozen studios creating original content around the world. This international presence is unquestionably a powerful advantage when it comes to streaming. And we have moved quickly to benefit from it in a number of meaningful ways. Through our international operations, we have strong relationships, which we have quickly deployed to drive streaming distribution. And we have an innovative distribution strategy, which comprises a mix of direct-to-consumer and hard bundles with distribution industry leaders like Skye and Canal+ in Europe. These hard bundle relationships have compelling characteristics, quickly unlocking material volumes of subscribers at zero acquisition costs and very low churn. And they help maximize reach by complementing our higher ARPU direct channels and subscribers we acquire through other streaming platforms. At the same time, our local broadcasters provide a powerful channel for promotion and content synergies, which is also additive to penetrating the huge and growing total addressable market outside the United States. All of this is feeding streaming market expansion. This month, we are launching a new version of Pluto in the Nordics in a commercial partnership with NENT. We bring a global platform and global content with NENT, a market-leading Nordics broadcaster, adding local content and local ad monetization capabilities. We believe this will be a compelling growth model. And we see more like this to come as we work with local broadcasters in markets where we dont have a broadcast presence. That said, our global growth is led of course by Paramount+. In 2021, we launched Paramount+ in 25 markets across Latin America, Canada and Australia. In 2022, were continuing to expand to more of the biggest markets in the world. Next up is the launch of Paramount+ in the UK and South Korea in June, and with more major European markets including Italy, Germany, France, Switzerland, and Austria in the second half of the year. We will also begin to roll out SkyShowtime, our exciting capital efficient joint venture with Comcast. SkyShowtime will bring a rich offering of IP from Paramount and NBCUniversal to territories encompassing 90 million homes, primarily in Eastern Europe. By the end of the year, our combined SVOD premium services, including Parmaount+ and SkyShowtime will be available in more than 60 markets with more than partners. In addition, were announcing today that Paramount+ will be distributed in India via our joint venture Viacom18s platform in 2023. Note that Vicacom18 just entered into an agreement related to a significant third-party capital infusion and is poised to become an even more significant streaming player in the market. In closing, by going broad on content, on streaming models, on platforms and on global reach, we have written and are executing on a differentiated playbook to grow a diversified entertainment company and build a financially attractive business with healthy long-term margins. With that, Ill hand it off to Naveen to talk about the results were seeing this quarter and the path to our continued growth and even greater heights. Naveen?
Naveen Chopra: Thank you, Bob and good morning, everyone. Our first quarter results reflect how our four strategic differentiators can drive performance Paramount. Our balance portfolio of media assets yields not only strategic benefits but financial ones as well. The strong OIBDA generation of our traditional businesses together with our fast-growing D2C business make for a powerful combination. Today, Id like to highlight some of the key financial and operational results in each of our new reporting segments. Starting with direct-to-consumer, our dual revenue stream model delivered strong year-over-year growth of 82%, with total D2C revenue reaching nearly $1.1 billion. This growth consisted of an increase in subscription revenue of 95%, aided by the addition of 6.3 million global subscribers in the quarter, and 59% advertising revenue growth. Total global streaming subscribers were 62.4 million at quarter-end, resulting in $742 million of D2C subscription revenue. Q1 D2C advertising revenue was $347 million, reflecting user growth, increased engagement and monetization across our ad platforms. Paramount+ added 6.8 million global streaming subscribers in Q1, bringing our worldwide base to nearly 40 million. The net additions reflect a balance of domestic and international growth, with international benefiting from both, direct subscribers and hard bundled offerings, another example of how our differentiated playbook is driving growth. Paramount+ saw continued improvement in engagement in Q1 as the breadth of our content portfolio expanded. This is evident in our domestic monthly active rate, which improved quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. Additionally, we saw double-digit sequential growth rates in hours per active and unique titles streamed per active. Our multi-platform programming expertise helps our customers spend more time with Paramount+, and explore more of our broad content offerings. And importantly, this behavior helped drive improvements in average domestic monthly churn in Q1, which declined quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year to reach its lowest level in two years. Strong engagement also helped drive robust advertising growth, which contributed to total Paramount+ revenue growth of nearly 150% to 585 million, with domestic and international ARPU, both higher quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. Net subscribers on our other streaming services declined in Q1, primarily due to the timing of new programming. Pluto TV added 3.1 million users in Q1, bringing our global footprint to 67.5 million MAUs. Revenue grew 51% to $253 million, which translated to strong year-on-year ARPU growth of more than 20% domestically and 7% on a global basis. In line with our previously shared expectations, D2C OIBDA was a loss of $456 million in the quarter, reflecting the investments we are making in content, marketing and our international expansion plans. Turning to our TV Media segment, Q1 revenue declined 6% year-over-year, including an 8-percentage-point impact from CBS broadcast of Super Bowl 55 in the prior year period. TV Media advertising declined 13% versus the year ago quarter, which included a 17 percentage point impact from the Super Bowl. Adjusting for the Super Bowl, total TV Media revenue grew 2% and TV Media advertising revenue grew 4%. TV Media affiliate revenue grew 1% in the quarter, driven by incremental distribution and contractual rate increases, which were somewhat offset by ecosystem declines, and TV Media licensing revenue was roughly flat in the quarter. TV Media OIBDA declined 13% in the quarter to $1.5 billion. The year-over-year decline is largely driven by the comparison to the Super Bowl in the prior year and a return to a more normalized programming schedule in 2022, relative to 2021. In Filmed Entertainment, we generated revenue of $624 million, which includes a resurgence in theatrical revenue generated from the release of three number one movies in Q1, compared to no theatrical releases in the year-ago period. These films are great examples of our broad platforms in action. For instance, Scream, which was released in January, outperformed our original box office expectations, and then moved to Paramount+ after 45 days, where it became a top 5 starts driver, and where its contribution to subscription -- subscriber acquisition and retention is enhancing overall ROI. Licensing revenue at Filmed Entertainment declined in the quarter due to the comparison against sizable transactions in Q1 of 2021, including Coming to America and Without Remorse. Filmed Entertainment had an OIBDA loss of $37 million, which reflects marketing expense associated with in-quarter and future theatrical releases. Total company Q1 revenue finished, down 1%, including a 6 percentage-point impact from the Super Bowl. Excluding the impact of the Super Bowl, total company revenue grew 5%. Total company adjusted OIBDA of $913 million is down year-over-year, which reflects increased investment in D2C, the return to theatrical releases and the comparison to the Super Bowl in the prior year period. Regarding the year-on-year trend, Q1 results are consistent with our prior commentary, in which we noted that we expect the first half of this year to show a year-over-year decline in consolidated OEBITDA, which will then flip to growth in the back half of the year. Turning to the balance sheet. We finished the quarter with $5.3 billion of cash on hand and total debt of $16.8 billion. This reflects the early repayment of nearly $2 billion of debt, as well as the issuance $1 billion in junior subordinated debt, which took place during the quarter. In April, we used proceeds from the junior subordinated debt offering to redeem approximately $1 billion of additional senior notes. We continue to maintain significant financial flexibility, which will increase with the addition of proceeds from the sale of Simon & Schuster and we also maintain a committed $3.5 billion credit facility that remains undrawn. Turning to our outlook. We continue to expect healthy D2C subscriber and revenue growth. And our full year OIBDA expectations remain largely unchanged with the exception of the impact from Russias invasion of Ukraine. As previously announced, we have taken steps to suspend our operations in Russia. This decision will negatively affect full year OIBDA by $70 million to $80 million, the largest component of which will fall to the TV Media segment. Were also in the process of reviewing existing hard bundle relationships in Russia. And starting in Q2, we expect these subscribers will be removed from reported D2C subscribers. This change will reduce Q2 D2C subscriber growth by approximately 3 million subs, roughly two-thirds of which are subscribers to a non- Paramount+ service specific to the Russian market. Except for the removal of subscribers to our services in Russia, our full year D2C sub growth expectations are unchanged. Given the nature of the affected services, the financial contribution is immaterial and is included in the OIBDA impact I just mentioned. And importantly, we remain highly-focused on using our differentiated playbook to build our streaming business in a way that can deliver sustainable long-term economics. As weve said previously, our model targets long-term D2C margins that approach TV Media. We are bullish about our long-term goal of reaching over 100 million global D2C subscribers, and generating at least 9 billion in D2C revenue by 2024. We continue to forecast D2C OIBDA losses will be greatest in 2023 and then improve in 2024. We have significant growth ahead. Our broad content offering has proven appeal. Our dual revenue stream model is enhancing ARPU and attracting subscribers. Our content investments are capturing returns across both, traditional and streaming platforms. And our global footprint is delivering strategic and financial benefits. With that, operator, can you please open the line for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Brett Feldman of Goldman Sachs. 
Brett Feldman: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. Ill just sort of jump into the big debate. Investors are increasingly concerned that the streaming market is becoming saturated. And as you think about your own business and as youre looking to sustain the momentum weve seen in Paramount+ over the last couple of quarters, what are the key things you need to execute against this year to meet the subscriber targets that youve outlined? And Im curious whether youve been making any adjustments behind the scenes to your go-to-market strategy or your content strategy, based on any shifts youve seen unfold in the market or maybe just the macro backdrop? Thank you.
Bob Bakish: Yes. Sure, Brett. Let me dive in there. So look, definitely a lot of conversation about the space. But Ive made three points in response to your question. The first one is we continue to believe that the TAM today in streaming is huge and that it will continue to grow. And related to that, we believe the TAM that we target is even larger than most people think. Because as you know, we believe in both, pay and free offerings, including lower cost advertising supportive options. And that means we appeal to the broadest potential number of consumers. So, while theres no question that market sentiment has moved around a little bit, we continue to think that consumers are only moving in one direction. And were very excited about the potential there. Second, as a company, were early in penetrating the market. So, there is tremendous runway ahead of us. And if you look at the momentum that we are seeing, including in the last couple of quarters, we feel very good about getting there. And third, in terms of how were going after the market. As we said, were running a differentiated playbook, taking our broad content, this broad streaming business model spanning free and pay with dual revenue streams ad and subscription, multiple platforms, broadcast, cable, theatrical, plus streaming, and this global operating footprint. And were putting all that together in a unique model, which really drives streaming momentum and builds us to a more attractive financial model, where were able to produce similar margins we believe to legacy streamers at a lower scale. So, despite all that conversation, nothing has changed in the context of our thinking. Again, we see tremendous momentum here. And were very excited about the road ahead.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Morris of Guggenheim.
Michael Morris: Maybe Ill follow-up on that question. Bob, you just kind of touched on margins. So, Im hoping maybe you could expand on that a little bit. If you look at the legacy media business, theres a pretty broad range of margin profiles between theatrical, broadcast, cable network, et cetera? This Netflix earnings call, I think, really brought up the topic of running into some margin expansion pressure on the streaming side. So, Id just love to hear maybe a little more about your response to that last question on what you think of the margin profile over time. And then also, if I could just sneak one more in because you brought up the India expansion, which was new, Im hoping maybe you could share a little bit more detail on the opportunity that you see there and remind us of the assets you have in place that give you a foundation for success there. Thanks, guys.
Bob Bakish: Yes, sure. Why dont we do it in reverse order? Ill take India and then Ill flip the margin question to Naveen. So, on India, look, thats a fundamentally attractive market. Its a market thats already at scale and has a tremendous future ahead of it in the context of media. As I think you know, since its inception, Viacom18 has been a significant player in the market. And the recent agreement with Bodhi Tree, we look at that as a compelling way to really drive the next level of growth. And obviously, theyre going to make a significant capital infusion into the business. When we look at India and we think about our current situation, I would really just highlight three things. The first thing is, we really like Viacom18. Its the model we like. It has broad reach television networks, including the market leading Colors brand, combined with a film business, Hindi film business, its both national and regional, and of course has streaming assets as well, all underpinned by a strong local content engine. So, thats the model we like in general. Second thing is, our core partner there is Reliance. Thats arguably the strongest and most powerful company in India. And they also own the telecom market leader, Jio. So, we think thats great. And as I said, now, Viacom18 is set up to be even bigger player in the market, including in streaming. So, we look at that as a great opportunity for Paramount+. As we said -- as I said in my remarks, were going to enter in 2023 in -- and were going to do so in a very capital efficient, hard bundle way. And so, we think thats a great route into that market. And I would also note that India will be incremental to our 100 million sub guidance. Its early days. So, were still at the point of deciding what we want to put out there. But its definitely incremental to our guide. Naveen, on the margins?
Naveen Chopra: Yes. So, with respect to the question about margins in streaming, I think, its very important to understand that as a diversified media company, we have the ability to fundamentally change the economics of streaming. I think were the only player that is truly scaled across broadcast, cable and both pay streaming and free streaming services, and that has real economic benefit for us. And Ill give you a couple of examples. First, with respect to content, you see a lot of pure-play streamers that have to spend billions of dollars a year renting library content. We have that in-house, and library content is responsible for a large share of viewing on streaming services, and its absolutely critical to subscriber retention. And so, for us, we are able to not only avoid billions of dollars in rental expense, weve actually now learned that we can use our own library for retention, while also getting paid by third-parties for non-exclusive right. So, thats a significant benefit to our streaming P&L if you will. Another example in the marketing area, as many people know, launching new shows is expensive. Not uncommon to see a big scripted original need tens of millions of dollars of marketing support to build an audience. But our model helps avoid those costs really in two ways. We have a lot of existing IP, well-known IP, large franchises that have built-in audiences that we can bring to streaming. Think of Paw Patrol or an 1883, coming off a Yellowstone, a franchise like Sonic, and even big CBS shows like FBI, NCIS, et cetera. Weve been able to bring those to streaming with very limited incremental marketing expenses. And then, second on the marketing front, we have access to a lot of very valuable, very powerful promotional inventory across the broadcast cable, digital and social channels that we run. You saw us utilize this during the AFC championship game, where we were promoting Halo with some great integrated experiences, and thats a broadcast that reached over $30 million viewers. That would be very expensive to leverage if you were a pure place streamer and you didnt own that promotional inventory. So, you take those kinds of benefits, which again are unique to our position, as a diversified media company. And you can see how that really adds up to a significant difference in overall streaming economics.
Operator: Next question comes from Bryan Kraft of Deutsche Bank. Bryan, your line is now open.
Bryan Kraft: Hi. Good morning. Naveen, I wanted to ask you a question on content spend. It looks like total cash content spend last year was about $2.5 billion higher than total programming and production expense. And it looks like, that difference will probably be about the same this year. And that represents about a 60-percentage-point drag on free cash flow conversion in both years. So, I guess, I wanted to ask you first, I guess, do you agree with that observation that I have? And if so, could you just maybe help us think through when we might start to see meaningful decreases in the drag on free cash flow conversion from that content investment, or put another way, when do you see that ratio of cash content spend to P&L expense decrease materially? Thanks.
Naveen Chopra: Yes. Thanks, Bryan. Yes, there is a gap between cash content spend and content expense or amort, [ph] but we do expect that to improve and therefore overall free cash flow. I should say, we expect it to narrow and therefore overall free cash flow conversion to improve. The gap youre seeing today between cash and amort is primarily related to two dynamics: number one, the return of our production to more normalized levels, post-COVID; and then, number two, continued growth and investment around streaming content. And I think on the COVID piece, we expect to see that easing through the remainder of 2022. Streaming investment will obviously continue to ramp through 2024, though the growth rate does slow over time. And as that growth rate slows, the gap between cash and expense will start to narrow. And then, in parallel, we also, as Ive spoken about before, continue to drive a number of different working capital improvements that should help overall free cash flow conversion. But hopefully, that gives you some sense of what to expect on the trends there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Greenfield of LightShed Partners.
Rich Greenfield: Hi. Thanks. Im going to ask a couple of questions. I dont get to ask many questions on conference calls. So, Bob, I think you made a pretty active decision last year to move Halo from Showtime over to Paramount+, which I think has done pretty well, the way youve talked about Halo. It does seem though, when you look at sort of Showtime losing subscribers this quarter, I presume. It sort of just raises the question of like, why is it important for Paramount to own Showtime. It seems like its a pretty obvious asset, either to be incorporated into Paramount+, but it also has real strategic value, like you could spin it off, you could probably merge it with someone like Stars. Like, it just seems like there is a -- its confusing in terms of you have to figure out where to put content internally. So, if you could just help us think through the strategic logic of keeping Showtime as a separate brand inside of Paramount, that would be great.  And then, two, more of just a housekeeping point. The ARPU of Paramount+ globally is like 539, that includes ads and subscription. When you look at sort of the strength of the connected TV ad market overall over the last year, just curious, like, where are you in terms of ad ARPUs or anything you can sort of highlight? And what is dragging down that overall ARPU, which looks like its down a few percent year-over-year? Whats weighing on that? Is that international, is that distribution deals, like team is -- like, just help us understand why the ARPU isnt a lot higher than 539 would be great?
Bob Bakish: Yes. Sure, Rich. Ill take the first one and then Ill -- then Naveen will take the ARPU question. So, on a total company basis, as you know, we saw added 6.3 million subs, Paramount+ added 6.8 million. So, de facto the other category, which is what we report, we report Paramount+ and total, so by definition, other declined about 500,000. That other category includes Showtime, also includes BET+ and Noggin and some other smaller international streaming services. If you look at that category of other, yes, it declined 500,000 in the quarter, but it added 5 million subs last year. So, its not inconsequential to the success and momentum of our streaming business, and its not just Showtime. If you look at Q1, a couple of those services were impacted by timing of programming availability. So, that was a factor. But big picture, we view a combination of broad service, in this case, Paramount+, plus specific service services which target specific consumer segments, things like Noggin, things like Showtime as additive to going after the largest TAM. And again, our streaming history has proven that they are additive, ex-Q1. So, we continue to believe thats a good strategy. We do make decisions of where to put programming. As you pointed out last year, we moved Halo from Showtime to Paramount+, because we viewed Paramount+ as the broader platform and that was a better place for that show. We moved The Man Who Fell to Earth the other direction. We thought that was a better place for that show. So, we think about these things, but we really look at the constellation of services. The other point Id make is we are on a path to integrate these much more. Sure we do a commercial bundle today with Paramount+ and Showtime. But as weve said in the summer, youre going to be able to get Showtime within Paramount+ as an additional option. And thatll set us up because we have the opportunity to do that with other brands as well. So again, serving super fans with a super broad offering, but still offering some  la carte options, we think is the right strategy. So, thats how were thinking about it, Rich. On the ARPU point, Naveen.
Naveen Chopra: Yes. So, a couple of things on ARPU. In terms of the year-on-year trends that you are asking about, Rich, that really is a function of the mix between international and domestic. Weve obviously grown -- or I should say, weve launched in number of international markets and grown our subscriber base there over the course of the last year. And so, that mix is skewing a little more international than it was a year ago. And given that its the mix that is driving that number, I think its more helpful to look at the individual components, which is to say, look at what happened with domestic ARPU and international ARPU separately, and when you look at it that way, both of those numbers, domestic and international ARPU improves both, quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year in Q1. Drivers of each are a little bit different. On the domestic side, that ARPU benefited from the fact we had a lot of folks in free trial state in Q4. And as we said, back then, we expected they would convert and become paid subscribers in Q1, which did happen. And on the international side, ARPU continues to benefit from the fact that the subs were adding are coming from markets where ARPU tends to be higher than sort of our installed base where we started in some smaller Latin American markets. So, thats sort of the trend for Q1. In terms of where we see that going in the future and how big could it get relative to other industry peers, we do think there is upside potential. Its a combination of both, growth in ad ARPU as well as continued strength on the subscription piece of it. I would remind you that as we said last quarter, domestic paid ARPU is around $9. And that actually grew in Q1 relative to Q4 as well. So, that gives you some sense of sort of the long-term potential when you look at it separately between domestic and international.
Operator: Next question comes from Benjamin Swinburne of Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne: Two questions, one on the ad market and then one on D2C through the rest of this year. Obviously, a lot of concern around the macro backdrop. Could you guys talk a little bit about what youre seeing in advertising, both as you head into the upfront, and also curious on the FAST Pluto front, if theres been any slowdown or anything you are picking up on the advertising side and how we might want to think about that for Q2? And then, you have a lot going on this year in D2C. You got a lot of new market launches, some hard bundle launches, particularly with Sky. Could you just help us think about the rest of the year in terms of cadence, which quarters you think might be you bigger than others, based on what you know today around your partnerships and anything on the content slate we should be thinking about? Thank you.
Bob Bakish: Sure, Ben, a lot in there. Let me try to take it quickly. So, on the ad side, look on apples-to-apples basis, i.e. if you take -- if you adjust for the Super Bowl comp, Q1 was a solid growth quarter for us. We were up 4% in TV Media. That was based on strength in local and international sports too. If you add the D2C business in, again, ex-Super Bowl, business grew about 8%. So, thats solid. In terms of under the covers, it was a bit mixed. We had strength in a bunch of categories, like travel, like movies, like retail. We also saw some weakness, categories like wireless, auto, pharma. And those were driven -- that weakness was really driven by a mix of kind of supply chain and what Id call general ramp out of COVID headwinds. I would point out that as we look at the market, we see political as a very significant plus in the second half of the market. So, thats how we are looking at it. You did mention the upfront. I will say, we are super excited about the upfront. As you know, we are coming back to Carnegie Hall in real life, live and in-person, on May 18th. Well showcase the power of Paramount. Well show our full range of demographics, the combination of our linear and digital platforms, including of course EyeQ, which gets you 80 million full-episode viewers. Well show you advanced advertising solutions, including the use of three alternate measurement currencies to get some optionality in the marketplace. Obviously, well bring our best-in-class ad creative and integration. And its going to be built off -- it is built off just a truly incredible content lineup, entertainment, sports, tent-poles, you name it. So, we are very excited going into this upfront. Naveen, do you want to touch on Pluto, and then Ill come back to the international point?
Naveen Chopra: Yes, sure. Look, in terms of Pluto, there was a little bit of softness in Q1. But similar to Bobs comments, I think that was driven entirely by market dynamics and categories that are impacted by supply chain or in some cases comping against categories that had a real COVID bump in the prior year period. And I wouldnt lose sight of the fact that Pluto revenue still grew more than 50% off $1 billion base, which by the way is despite some changes that we made to reduce ad load in order to continue to improve and evolve our user experience, which I think will benefit long-term engagement and monetization. That all translated to compelling ARPU trends in the quarter. I mentioned domestic ARPU being up more than 20%, international ARPU growing at an even faster clip than that. And so, looking forward, we think the strong user growth and engagement trends probably will continue to drive monetization. There will be some impact from the overall ad market based on some of the dynamics that Bob described there. But big picture, Pluto was a business where the combination of structural growth and our significant leadership position allow us to offset some of those cyclical headwinds by a very, very significant margin.
Bob Bakish: And then, real quick, yes, the back half of the year is busy in D2C. Obviously, we got a great content slate coming, very excited about that. The real volume of activity, arguably in a change versus prior year basis is international launches, UK and South Korea in June, then we will roll to Italy, Germany, Austria, Switzerland, France through the remainder of the year, all of that enabled by obviously our streaming platform and content lineup, but very importantly, our local teams on the ground, building on relationships we have, including hard bundle relationships. So tremendous amount of activity as we scale Paramount+ very quickly. Its going to be an exciting year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Cusick of JP Morgan.
Phil Cusick: One follow-up on streaming and one on theatrical. First, AVOD and ad light models seem to becoming the norm rather than the exception. Does that change your view on your differentiation around Paramount+ and Pluto? And then second, can you comment on the state of the box office? Youve had two or three strong releases recently. Where do you see appetite for theory going today in the U.S. and globally versus 2019? And do you think tent-pole movies can do a large percentage of like 2019 potential at this point? Thanks, guys.
Bob Bakish: Yes, sure. I guess, in reverse order, because the first one is quicker. So, box office, we feel very good about it. We just got some research that on the domestic side consumer comfort is at 87%. That is the highest level since the pandemic began. And weve released a number of films, all of which are number one to date. The third one, Lost City was a real canary in the coal mine in a good way, because that was an older female audience that came to the theater. The first two were younger male audiences, which we were less worried about showing up. And of course, Sonic, our fourth one did very well. Thats a broader family audience. So, we like what were seeing. Our sense now is box office for 2022 will probably be down, about 20% versus 2019, which we think is pretty good. So, we feel good about it. And were super excited going into Memorial Day weekend with Top Gun: Maverick. Were actually going to the San Diego premiere on Wednesday night. We think thats going to be awesome. We showed it at CinemaCon in Vegas to the theater owners, and literally Ive never read tweets like that. People were just incredibly gushing about it. The perfect tent-pole was one of the comments I saw. So, were feeling good about theatrical. Were very happy to be in the business. We think its good standalone business and clearly drives streaming. To your first question on streaming and advertising, look, we were early in that game. We led it, because we believed in it when other people didnt. And we still believe and we are a leader. And we are differentiated. This is not an easy business to replicate. It starts with an integrated strategy that spans free and paid streaming and leadership in free for sure and growing on the pay side, including obviously Paramount+ Essential. It also extends to multi platform, advertising goes across broadcast, cable and streaming, and we have leadership positions in broadcast and cable too. And its non-trivial, to stitch all that together. Add to that content, which is both libraries -- primarily libraries on the free side with Pluto and originals, you heard some of the stats via -- sorry Paramount global libraries power our streaming platforms, and again, very difficult to replicate. And then, on the platform side, Pluto is pretty advanced, connected TV platform. And we continue to add features, including ad tech features to it like dynamic ad management, ad load management. So, thats differentiated marketing. Naveen talked about it, the power of our cross platform management, marketing and the cost effectiveness of that. And then, lastly, international, as were rolling it out, whether its the hard bundle model, which we talked about, or what were doing this month with NENT, where were rolling out this local model, where we bring platform and big libraries, and they bring local content and local ad monetization. So, yes, we view the all the discussion on advertising as a validation of our strategy. But we are the leader and we have real assets here, and we will continue to push ahead and lead this market.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jessica Reif Ehrlich of BoA Securities.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: I have two questions. First, going back to India, which was news today. Theres been tons of press coverage on Reliance bidding for IPL. I think that comes up next month. Would that be part of Paramount+? Its critical content, but obviously, it would be super expensive? And then, the second question is, you talked about the multiplatform advantage, which clearly benefits advertising. But Im wondering if you could just talk a little bit about how that impacts your conversations with distributors as you move content between platforms. And given the kind of -- I dont know, step up in sub losses this past quarter. So, if you could just talk about that impact that would be great. Thank you.
Bob Bakish: Sure, Jessica. So, on the India side, the point you make is why we said what were doing in India is so capital efficient. So, youre right. Theres -- cricket is going to trade in the marketplace. And beyond that, Im not going to say. But no, our intent is not to put cricket on Paramount+, but remember what I said. Its a hard bundle strategy, which means Paramount+ will travel with other assets. And therefore, we believe theres a real opportunity to benefit from cricket without having to pay for it on Paramount+. So, that assumes of course that the asset ends up in a certain place. But thats the answer on India. Again, were tremendously excited about that market, about our partner, Reliance, about Bodhi Tree coming in and benefiting from a leadership position there in. To your second question, on cross platform and content, Id just say a couple things. One is, we think about our TV Media business every day. Were a leader. Again, CBS, number one network despite the fact that one of our competitors had the Olympics and the Super Bowl. That speaks to the power and strength of our programming slate there in. Likewise, on the cable side, as of Q1, we continue to lead on virtually every demographic on share. And the reason is because we put a lot of great programming on those platforms, a lot of exclusive firsts on those platforms, which were happy to do because we partner with distributors who are providing those services to consumers. So, again, our strategy is for sure to continue to reinforce value there as we simultaneously build our streaming business. And by the way, our distributors are active with us, on the streaming side too. Every MVPD, vMVPD deal weve done certainly in the past year, but really longer than that, Im pretty sure, includes a streaming component, might include a Pluto component, might include a Paramount+ component, might include both. But its really working with distributors to both, ensure stability and predictability in the linear side, while simultaneously helping them transform their business to the broadband video side.
Operator: Our final question comes from Robert Fishman of MoffettNathanson. Robert, your line is now open.
Robert Fishman: Good morning. Thank you. Bob, maybe just following up on Jessicas question. Can you expand on how you plan to specifically use sports as a differentiator across the Companys portfolio of linear and DTC, and whether your legacy linear sports contracts might make it harder to renew rights going forward with the proper ROI, if cord-cutting does accelerate? And just lastly, if you could touch on Amazon and Apple increasing its investments in sports and how that might affect future negotiations. Thank you.
Bob Bakish: Sure. Look, we like sports as a component of our programming strategy across platforms. CBS Sports is a clear market leader in it. Great portfolio of sports assets, including NFL, including NCAA, including golf, including by extension on -- mostly on Paramount+ plus but also been on CBS UEFA, thats all obviously U.S. And we have been select adding sports properties outside the U.S. We do all this in a very disciplined way looking at ROI to ensure theres some stuff thats traded that we havent done because we didnt think it was worth the price point. But we very much like it as a component of our strategy. Its performing very well in the broadcast market, both on a viewership and an advertiser perspective. And its clearly, as I said in my remarks, driving streaming as well. The first quarter benefited once again from sports on Paramount+. So, we like it. In terms of negotiations, all negotiations have their challenges, but we were just with an international league last week, talking to them about the power of Paramount in the context of our platforms, our production expertise, our monetization capabilities and really showcasing the value of sports to us. And, I think its a compelling package we offer. And Im very happy playing that plan. So, its part of our strategy. Its clearly not our whole strategy, but its additive. With that, I just want to close by thanking everyone for joining for our Q1 call, and thank you for your continued support. As I hope youve seen, Paramounts high-growth streaming business, underpinned by real strength in film, broadcast and cable is a powerful combination and it has clear momentum. So, our differentiated strategy, as we said, is creating advantage. We are excited about the road ahead. Until the next time we speak, everyone stay well.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-16 16:15:00) =====
Anthony DiClemente: Good afternoon. My name is Anthony DiClemente, Head of Investor Relations. It is my pleasure to welcome you to our Investor Event and Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Presentation. Before we begin, please note that in addition to our earnings release, we have trending schedules containing supplemental information available on our website. We would like to remind you that certain statements made in todays presentation are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in more detail in our filings with the SEC. Some of todays financial remarks will focus on adjusted results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release or in our trending schedules, which contains supplemental information and in each case can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. With that being said, I would like to thank you for taking the time to join us this afternoon. And now sit back, relax and enjoy the show. [Video Presentation]
Unidentified Company Representative: Good afternoon from Kauffman studios, the original New York home of Paramount Studios. Thank you for joining us and welcome to our investor event. Ive never been more excited about the future of this company than I am today. And during todays program, you will see exactly why, because we are on the ascent and we are reaching for new heights. Today, we will show you that with the power of our people, the power of our content and the power of our platforms, we are built to grow, to drive shareholder value and to lead our industry forward. Two years after we brought together Viacom and CBS, and one year since we last convened, we are keeping our promises. We are consistently outperforming our goals ahead of schedule from growth in our subscriber base, to growth in brand recognition and growth in operating revenue. We are doing it all faster than anyone expected and we are delivering win after win after win. This does not happen by accident. We are winning with one team loaded with talent, creativity and expertise, and one integrated company that is greater than the sum of its parts. We are winning with hips that connect with audiences across all demographics in the markets around the world. And we are winning with our unique differentiated streaming services in free, pay and premium. And of course, I have to give a call out to Paramount+, which in less than a year has established itself as a leading brand in the industry. Our strategy has always been to harness the strength of our traditional business to build something new, with our world class content fueling our growth. This is what sets us apart as a company and positions us to succeed. We are making the right investments, in the right content, in the right places. And we are confident based on our track record of successes over the past two years that we can deliver the return on investment that you expect and deserve. We have set in motion a virtuous cycle. Our legacy business power is our transformation and our transformation enhances and expands our legacy. We have so much to be proud of, so much to be optimistic about and we are just getting started. The opportunity we see ahead across our brands is my dads vision come to life. One powerful company that creates content that keeps audiences wanting more. And Paramount was always at the core of this vision. For more than 100 years, Paramount Studios has been known for cinematic excellence. But Paramount is also an idea, a promise to be the best. It is the idea that inspired us to bring together the best in entertainment across CBS, BET, MTV, Nickelodeon, Showtime and more. And it is the idea that inspired our businesses and our brands to define and redefine entertainment, again and again, for generation after generation. Indeed, Paramount has always represented brilliant storytelling for audiences around the globe, on the big screen, the small screen and every device in between. It is what we are, it is who we are and it is who we are destined to be. And that is why today, we are thrilled to announce that ViacomCBS has become Paramount Global or simply Paramount. This afternoon, we invite you to take a closer look at how far we have come, where we are going, and most importantly, how we plan to get there. We want you to take note of the extraordinary progress we have made over the past two years and all the momentum we have gathered, and know that there is no higher priority for us, and no higher priority for me than unlocking a maximizing value for all of our shareholders. As I said, I have never had more reasons to be excited about the future of this company, Paramount. And now, I am proud to introduce our President and CEO, Bob Bakish.
Bob Bakish: Im as excited as you are to talk about this company we lead, this company we love, Paramount. The iconic peak of Paramount represents our history as pioneers of the Golden Age of Hollywood. Today, as we embrace this powerful name, were also pioneers of an exciting new future and with the momentum we have, Paramount is already reaching new heights. For more than two decades now, Ive witnessed the power of Paramount and all it represents. Ive seen, for example, the global impact of Paramounts gripping films like The Mission Impossible franchise, which sold out time and time again in theaters all around the world. Ive seen during my international years, how the Paramount channel quickly became among our biggest branded networks in the markets outside the United States. And Ive seen more recently, the audience expanding impact of Spike being rebranded as the Paramount network in the U.S. Thanks to movies and mega hits like Yellowstone and more. And now, I think we all see more and more every day, the incredible momentum of Paramount+, our flagship streaming service. Our momentum is building, and as it grows, as we take Paramount+ and our other streaming businesses to the next level, the size of the opportunity we see ahead is matched only by the scale of our ambition to seize it. We cant talk about our momentum without talking about streaming. Just look at the facts. On our paid streaming platforms, we just wrapped our best quarter ever for new subscribers. In fact, our company added 9.4 million new streaming subscribers in Q4 alone, 80% of them on Paramount+. And on Pluto TV, our free ad supported streaming television platform, we delivered out of this world results as well. Pluto gained a record 10 million monthly active users in Q4, spreading its reach to an audience of nearly 65 million monthly actives. And for full year 2021, it generated over a $1 billion in revenue, almost five times when it delivered just two years ago. When it comes to realizing our streaming goals, were moving fast and gaining even more speed. Already, we are one full year ahead of schedule, posting subscriber results we didnt expect to see until next January. And by the end of 2022, were on track to hit our 2024 subscriber goal, two full years ahead of schedule. This momentum has us leading the industry on multiple fronts. In Q4, we had the fastest subscriber growth in streaming. And Pluto TV continued to lead its category, both in MAUs and revenue. Furthermore, Paramount+ was named the fastest-growing brand of 2021, not just in streaming, mind you, but in any industry. And its not just streaming where we see this momentum, were firing on all cylinders, with number one hits across theatrical, broadcast, cable and streaming. In Q4 alone, we had the top four entertainment programs on all of television, with CBS NCIS, The Equalizer and FBI and Paramount Networks Yellowstone. And we had number one shows across countless categories, including the number one comedy with Young Sheldon, the number one news program in 60 minutes, the number one kid show in Nickelodeons PAW Patrol, the number one competition reality show on cable with MTV is the challenge. The number one premium show, Showtimes Dexter New Blood. And this quarter, we became the first studio with two number one films at the box office with Scream and Jackass Forever, both of which will debut on Paramount+ in March. And as we look ahead, powered by our phenomenal Paramount content engine, we see a huge global opportunity in streaming, a much larger potential market that can be captured by television and film alone. Were excited about that opportunity and our ability not just to compete, but to thrive, and thereby create significant value for both consumers and shareholders. Why? Because we have a differentiated playbook for streaming success, one that leans into our particular strength, that we are broad and broad in four key ways across our content, our streaming business model, our mix of platforms and our global reach. This breath positions us to access a larger accessible market, penetrated more quickly and do it all efficiently and sustainably. So lets break that down, starting with our binge-worthy, buzz-worthy content thats not just rich and deep, but broad and varied. On Paramount+ we take the + seriously. Were home to the most diverse content offering in streaming. That enables us to serve the whole household every generation, from grandparents who are gripped by the Godfather when it premiered in 1972, to preschoolers, who are just as excited about Paw Patrol the movie in 2022. And we dont just serve the whole household, we serve the whole country, coast to coast we capture a broad range of households by income and geography. And increasingly, thats a model were applying all over the world, creating hits in more than a dozen languages. Over the next year, youll see us building on that foundation, expanding our success across key genre lanes, scripted and unscripted, sports, news and events, kids and family, and movies of all kinds. And speaking of movies, Im pleased to announce that starting with our 2024 releases, Paramount+ will become the streaming home for all new Paramount movies following their theatrical runs. You see a similar breath in our streaming business model, the second source of our advantage. Were proud of our strength in both pay and free streaming, including leading the U.S. market in free ad supported streaming television with Pluto TV. We meet consumers where theyre at, serving different segments in different ways and reaching a larger total addressable market in the process. And with the benefit of dual revenue streams in both advertising and subscription, were maximizing the revenue pool. Reaching the largest addressable market goes right to the heart of our third advantage, our broad set of platforms, spanning linear television, theatrical and streaming. Some see our legacy in each of these platforms as a hindrance in our streaming path. We see it as exactly the opposite. Paramounts reach, recognition and relationships are core reasons why our streaming strategy is working. Our existing platforms allow us to launch and grow shows and fandoms for streaming. They help us promote and make the most of our content investments across platforms. They increase the range of value creating commercial partnerships we can build and they drive our ability to scale quickly for the future. And thats important, because the future is global. The breadth of our global reach is our fourth source of competitive advantage. Some companies only license outside the United States, we operate. We have been a truly global operating company for decades, with teams on the ground in more than 30 markets and we have the studios, the franchises, the talent and the production capabilities to move global audiences with locally relevant content, driven by more than a dozen production hubs around the world. Were poised to replicate this success to an even bigger bolder effect in streaming. Now, we know being broad isnt an end in itself. What matters is that being broad is a means of capturing significant financial benefits. Its a means of maximizing our streaming revenue and accelerating its growth. Its a means of leveraging investment more effectively and running operations more efficiently. Its a means of moving further faster than ever before and turning streaming into a sustainable business for the future, and know this, we are committed to that future to creating that value. We know the opportunity at hand is massive, and weve got the passion, the ambition and the discipline to deliver. As of today, were raising our guidance, signaling our conviction that consistent execution of our strategy will deliver performance to match. In fact, we anticipate reaching 100 million subscribers by 2024, compared to the 65 million to 75 million we shared last year. Naveen will expand on this and much more in his presentation. And to set the stage our colleagues are about to show you exactly how in every way were raising the bar for ourselves, setting our ambitions higher than ever before. In closing, let me just say how proud I am of the progress our teams across the company have made and Im equally excited about the new heights that lie ahead for Paramount. We spoke to you last year, some of you thought we were on an impossible mission. But today, as you can see, its not only possible, its happening. Here to share more is someone who knows a thing or two about making the impossible possible. Please welcome the one and only Tom Cruise.
Tom Ryan: Im Tom Ryan, President and CEO of Streaming. Ill leave the acrobatics to Tom Cruise. But I do want to talk about strategy for the expansion and evolution of Paramount+. Lets start with our expansion, where were leveraging our global footprint to bring Paramount+ to new markets with enormous potential. In just one year, we launched the service in 25 markets across Latin America, Canada and Australia. And in 2022, were building on that momentum, expanding to some of the biggest markets in the world. We will launch in the U.K., South Korea and the Caribbean by this summer, and will continue with a focus on Europe, Italy, Germany, France, Switzerland and Austria in the second half of the year. To scale most effectively, were creating customized go-to-market plans for each region, with tailor partnerships, marketing and distribution strategies, and even product offerings. Were deploying hard bundles, where we work with a local provider to give their customers immediate access to Paramount+, as well as direct-to-consumer and  la carte distribution or sometimes a hybrid of all three. Were taking the annual plan we rolled out in the U.S. and expanding it internationally. At the same time, were creating brand new offerings, like mobile-only plans for markets where value is key and mobile devices dominate streaming consumption. To do all this, were leaning on our longtime global presence and a vast network of relationships with partners all over the world. Last year, we double down on strategic partnerships, closing deals with T-Mobile in the United States and Sky in Europe to name just two examples. Today, were proud to announce a new partnership, this one in France with Canal+, one of the largest providers in the market. Through this hard bundle partnership, Canal+ subscribers will get access to Paramount+ immediately at launch, allowing us to gain a big foothold and a strong launch pad. These kinds of partnerships and hyper tailored strategies will help us continue to scale quickly and economically. Reinforcing our competitive position across our streaming services and SkyShowtime, our innovative joint venture with Comcast that serves territories encompassing 90 million homes, primarily in Eastern Europe will be in more than 60 markets by the end of the year, with more than 60 partners. Beginning in 2023, well turn our sights to Asia, Africa and the Middle East, building on our momentum to bring Paramount+ to every region of the world. Our global expansion underscores an important lesson in streaming, the stories we create are only as powerful as the audience they reach. So in addition to expanding the service to more people, were also enhancing the service itself. Were constantly asking ourselves, how do we make this experience better, smoother, more personalized, not just how do we serve users? How do we delight them? Just a year in weve made tremendous strides. We continue to serve a broad diversity of tastes through programming thats tailored to the individual and personalized with a distinct editorial voice. Increasingly, viewers are spending more time streaming outside of our top titles and watching a greater variety of series and movies each month. And were continuing to innovate. Weve revamped our brand hubs and introduced collection pages. Weve used innovations from across our platforms to create an even richer experience on Paramount+. With Pluto TV, for example, we pioneered lean back linear channels that allow users to simply fall into a show. Its easy entertainment that demands nothing of the viewer, because our programming team does the work, and it drives effortless discovery and engagement bringing the best of our deep catalogue to the fore. Now, weve launched 20 linear franchises and genre channels in the U.S. on Paramount+, so if you love animation or TV classics, you can jump straight in and discover something new. Just a few weeks in, the adoption of linear channels has grown quickly and the people who use this feature are spending 40% more time on the service than they were before. Simply put, viewers are more easily finding content to love. Our goal with these product enhancements is to give people every reason to explore and enjoy the full breadth of our content on Paramount+, to make the experience so engaging, it becomes part of your daily routine. So lets talk about how were helping subscribers access even more of our amazing streaming services right there in the Paramount+ app. Our existing bundle of Paramount+ and Showtime has performed very well out of the gate. Thats because users can access two premium content offerings with streamlined signup, but viewed in distinct apps. Starting this summer, were making Showtime even easier to access in one app experience. The Showtime service will still be available separately if thats your preference. But within Paramount+, it will be seamless to sign up for Showtime and easier than ever to discover great shows. Youll be able to simply upgrade your Paramount+ subscription to a bundle that includes the Showtime service and then view all that content in a single user experience. And then when youre done watching Mayor of Kingstown, youll be able to move immediately to the next season of Billions without ever leaving the Paramount+ app. Less than a year after launch, were expanding into new markets and making our product easier to explore and more seamless to operate, and its all for one reason, to build a home worthy of our content. To tell you more about our global content strategy. Please welcome our Chief Programming Officer, Tanya Giles.
Tanya Giles: Thanks, Tom. Its a good thing youre building a worthy home because our content is unrivaled. On Paramount+, weve got something for everyone. Take a look. [Video Presentation] Thats a mountain of entertainment. In fact, as Bob mentioned, we have the broadest diversity of content of any streaming service out there. Weve got movies, kids and family programming, news, sports and events, unscripted TV, adult animation and scripted shows of all types. Our Q4 growth didnt come from one or two of these lanes. Every single lane helped deliver those subscribers. Just look at the top 10 acquisition drivers from last year, movies, sports, drama, comedy, kids. These are the titles that draw people to the service. And when we look at what keeps people engaged, the range gets even broader. Reality shows with deep libraries and original series and franchises that give fans more of what they love. As Bob said, our content reaches audiences of all ages, coastal and central, streaming obsessed and streaming curious across the U.S. and around the world. We are super serving the whole household from preschoolers to rapid sports fans, to news junkies. When more people in a given household watch more shows, those subscriptions only get more valuable. The more profiles an account has and the more titles watched, the higher the retention and the lower the churn. And much of our growth is coming from those hard to reach younger audiences, where theres enormous potential. We serve the whole country too with the broadest range of households by income and a geographic spread that covers not just the East and West Coasts, but the center of the country were Paramount+ over indexes compared to other streaming services. Now, the breadth of our content is just one piece of the puzzle. Through the breadth of our platforms, we also meet users wherever theyre spending their time, whether thats a big theatrical release, linear TV, ad supporting streaming or social media, and use those opportunities to cross-promote and introduce our content to new audiences. 1883, for example, is a runaway hit and not just because its totally gripping entertainment. We put the full power of our company behind it. We started with Yellowstone, one of the most popular series of all time. To capitalize on its built-in-fan base, we leveraged our platforms, linear and streaming, free and pay, sampling 1883 on Pluto TV and Paramount network right after Yellowstone, the same day, we released it on Paramount+. And that wasnt just any day, but Sunday, when NFL fans were deeply engaged on the service. Thanks to all this and a powerful strategic marketing campaign that lead heavily on our in-house assets and capabilities, 1883 has been gaining enormous momentum week-after-week. Its now Paramount+s biggest hit ever. And I am so excited for the next chapter of this Dutton family drama coming later this year. And this is just the beginning. Theres so much more as youll hear later about in the show from our Creator himself, Taylor Sheridan. 1883 is only one example of our programming strategy that leverages the quality and breadth of our content and platforms. And its working. The number of titles stream per user has seen huge growth quarter-after-quarter and year-over-year, and users who stream original content are exploring even more than their peers. Now, even though were proud of where we are, we are not standing still. And youll now hear from our content leaders. As we look to the future of our programming strategy, we are doubling down on our differentiators. First, we are taking our broad content offering and deepening it, with more content across key lanes, building especially on our treasure trove of IP to create lasting hit franchises. Second, we are continuing to bring viewers from show-to-show, linear to streaming and back again across our broad set of platforms. And finally, we are leveraging our global reach, which has long been a defining feature of our company to serve international markets, feed our entire global content pipeline and scale Paramount+ in the process. Before we dive into each content lane, I want to show you just whats possible with stunning creative talent and the right strategy behind it. Its an iconic franchise with vibrant characters and gripping storylines coming exclusively to Paramount+ in just a few weeks. Halo. In fact, we are so excited about Season 1. Im thrilled to announce we are greenlighting Season 2. To tell you more, please welcome the Master Chief himself, Pablo Schreiber.
Pablo Schreiber: Thanks, Tanya. My name is Pablo Schreiber, and I play the iconic supersoldier Master Chief John-117. It has been literally a dream come true, to put on Chiefs helmet and roll in their armor and take the fight to the covenant. Bringing this series to life has been a labor of love for so many of us for so long and Im so excited to show you the results in just a few weeks. Whether youre a sci-fi geek or a die-hard fan of the Halo franchise or if you just love great television. Boy, we have something for you. Well, actually, we do have something for you. Please enjoy a sneak peek of the Halo universe like youve never seen it before. Lets finish this fight. [Video Presentation]
Brian Robbins: Good afternoon, everyone. Im Brian Robbins, Chief Content Officer, Movies and Kids and Family for Paramount+. Paramount Pictures films, and Nickelodeons kids and family content are crucial to our streaming strategy. Last year, Paramount Pictures achieved new milestones for Paramount+, including A Quiet Place Part II, which in addition to being a box office success was the number one film acquisition driver on the platform and a day and day release of PAW Patrol: The Movie the most stream movie title on Paramount+ ever and what we have in store this year is one of Paramount Pictures best theatrical slates ever, lets have a look. [Video Presentation] The star power you just saw, Tom Cruise, Sandra Bullock, Brad Pitt, Margot Robbie, Idris Elba and Jim Carrey, they are guaranteed to have audiences lining up to see these films in theaters. And then these films will make their way to Paramount+, as the home for the biggest must see motion pictures. But in streaming, a film must plug into a greater strategy. Its not enough on its own. Consumers expect quality and quantity. They expect world building and innovation in storytelling, Paramount Pictures, which is armed with so many beloved franchises, recognized around the world. Well deliver on all this and the home for all of our fantastic films will be Paramount+. Take the Transformers franchise from us and our partners at Hasbro. It is gross $5 billion globally from films alone and a multiple of that a retail and we are excited that the next chapter begins with the release of the seventh Transformers: Rise of the Beasts in 2023, where were tapping into two incredible talents, Director, Steven Caple Jr. and star Anthony Ramos, this film will be the first of three installments. But before all that, coming this fall, we will be releasing a new animated series for kids and families from Nickelodeon that offers a fresh take on the iconic brand. And in 2024 well extend the franchise further with a CG animated Transformers theatrical film. With built-in awareness and existing fandoms, were replicating this success with Sonic the Hedgehog, a beloved global hero for over 30 years now, which recently became a part of the iconic film franchises in the Paramount family. And on April 8th, the highly anticipated sequel to Sonic will premiere in theaters. And we are excited to announce today that Paramount-Sega are developing the first ever original Sonic series for Paramount+ next year. This live action series will feature the character knuckles voiced by Idris Elba, Paramount-Sega are also developing a third Sonic theatrical film, and all of this content will make Paramount+ the home for this incredibly popular franchise. And in our canon of homegrown franchises, is A Quiet Place, with two major hit movies, earning $650 million in global box office. The suspense of A Quiet Place goes way beyond just The Abbott family and we are excited to show you just how deep the horror gets. And here is my friend John Krasinski, to tell you more about that. Thank you, John. Tantalite John are brands in themselves, with massive loyal fan bases who will follow them from theaters to Paramount+, and over the next 24 months, thats what youre going to see. From blockbusters like Top Gun, Lost City, Dungeons & Dragons, and Mission Impossible to Babylon from Academy Award winning Director, Damien Chazelle, starring Brad Pitt and Margot Robbie, to the recently announced collaboration from creative visionaries, Matt Stone and Trey Parker, the masterminds behind South Park and music superstar Kendrick Lamar, and all of these will make their way to Paramount+. And as Bob said, were thrilled that starting with our 2024 releases, Paramount+ will become the home for all Paramount theatrical movies. Now, just as Paramount Pictures has established itself as the premier studio brand for generations of audiences. Nickelodeon is kids and family, with the most brand loyal audience on the planet and because with streaming, once families subscribe, they stay subscribed. Viewers who come in for kids and family content, reduced churn by double digits, creating even stronger long-term value. And with 25 million U.S. homes with kids two to 11, and millions of more globally, and Paramount+ being one of the top providers of kids content. Well, from where we sit, the upside is enormous. Start with a SpongeBob Universe. Its the number one most stream property on the platform, with 13 seasons and two brand new spin-off shows Kamp Koral and Patrick Show, plus we are announcing today, three new character driven movies exclusively for Paramount+, and a big theatrical temple in the world. We will also usher in a new era of Turtlemania for 2023, with the theatrical release of a new Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles movie from Seth Rogen, whos taking the property back to its original DNA of comedy and action and we will fast follow this series with a villain driven turtles film exclusively for Paramount+. And as we build up our homegrown franchises, were also bringing new ones into the fold. This fall, I am excited for Monster High, where we will reintroduce these classic monsters to a whole new generation of kids, with a live action musical movie and a new animated series, and also a hot toy line from our partners at Mattel. And later this month, we have the Paramount+ debut of BIG NATE, the first adaptation of the bestselling book series known and read by almost any fourth grader you will find. Check it out. [Video Presentation] And now when it comes to preschool, it doesnt get any bigger than PAW Patrol. So in the wake of PAW Patrol the movies success on Paramount+, weve greenlit the sequel, The Mighty Movie for theaters in 2023, and were pairing it with the first ever spin-off TV series of PAW for Nickelodeon and Paramount+. And the success in one preschool franchise has crescendo effects across the whole portfolio, which will also include these Paramount+ titles, a movie from Blues Clues, Blues Big City Adventure, bowing this year, and in 2023, a full length Baby shark movie based on the most viewed YouTube video of all time and our high rated Nick series, and were announcing today the return of Dora the Explorer with a new animated series for preschoolers and a live action series in the same spirit as the recent theatrical for older kids. So with all this great content lined up, we are in the best position.
Miranda Cosgrove: Coming in. Hey, Brian.
Brian Robbins: Hey, Miranda. This is a total surprise and completely unrehearsed.
Miranda Cosgrove: Totally unrehearsed. I am actually close by though shooting Season 2 of iCarly. So I just thought Id pop over to make sure we get a good plug in here for our show and to remind everyone how big it was last summer.
Brian Robbins: Oh! 100%. I mean, iCarly was the top comedy acquisition driver on Paramount+ last year. It drove billions of impressions on social media. Thanks to you. And like you said, you are taping the new season right now. Thats going to premiere later this year.
Miranda Cosgrove: Yeah. Its been such a great homecoming for all of us and were just so grateful to all the fans of the show. And Ive even sort of enjoyed being a meme again. Anyway, thanks for the plug. Ive got to get back to set. Were doing this whole unresolved issues thing between Carly and Freddie. So thanks for indulging me and thanks again to everyone. Thanks, Brian.
Brian Robbins: Thanks for coming by. That was awesome. Thank you, Miranda.
Miranda Cosgrove: Bye.
Brian Robbins: Not only was iCarly a huge hit in its own right. But it also opened the door for Paramount+ to program more young adult content, another huge opportunity for us, the incredibly influential YA audience of 100 million, 13 to 34 year olds, drives $3 trillion in spending power. Theyre huge consumers of content with an average of five SVOD subscriptions each and they dominate social and their endorsement is the most effective marketing campaign you can ever imagine. So for them, were launching a full slate of YA targeted films and series, powered in part by awesomeness, the studio behind the recent YA hits to all the boys, Pen15 and The perfect date. And our films include the recently released The in Between starring YA icon Joey King from the Kissing Booth, and upcoming films like Honor Society, a high school comedy thats across between election and Mean Girls, starring Angourie Rice from Mare of Easttown and Gaten Matarazzo from Stranger Things. And also Hush, Hush, based on the New York Times bestselling book series, Fantasy Football from LeBron James SpringHill company starring Marsai Martin and the return of MTVs Teen Mom with a new movie featuring the original cast that will set up a new world series called Wolf Pack based on the acclaimed books by Edo Van Belkom. So all of this, this is just what I can squeeze in my allotted time. Theres so much more, so much more content, creativity and innovations coming, and pulling it all together, Paramounts legendary list of beloved IP, the high profile star power throughout our ecosystem, and the generation defining hits birth by Nickelodeon, all make Paramount+ the home to the biggest, most iconic franchises, serving everyone from preschoolers to boomers and generations X, Y and Z. So if youre a fan of any of these, then you must have Paramount+. And whats more, these titles will live across films, in series, in consumer products, fueling global fandoms and driving subscriptions, engagement and retention. And when it comes to global fandoms there is nothing like Star Trek fandom and here to talk about whats next in that universe is J.J. Abrams. [Video Presentation]
George Cheeks: Im George Cheeks, Chief Content Officer for News and Sports on Paramount+. And this is the legendary San Siro, the home of Inter Milan and AC Milan, and the setting for many thrilling UEFA Champions League in Syria matches. You can watch them all on Paramount+. We have many of the biggest franchises in live sports. Its a true differentiator for the service. Now to talk about that, lets hear from two voices of the most popular sport on Paramount+ from our inside the NFL studio in New York, an all time NFL great Julian Edelman, and from our Champions League studio, the incredible hosts of the UEFA Champions League on CBS Sports, Kate Abdo. Now who better to talk about the success of football on Paramount+ than one of the faces of our critically acclaimed coverage. Take it away. [Video Presentation] Like Kate and Julian said, whether were talking about football or football, Paramount+ is winning because we have something nobody else does, a sports ecosystem where Paramount+ and CBS Sports work together to drive subscriptions and engagement. We have televisions most valuable property the NFL and its performing better than ever for us. Take our Thanksgiving Day game. More than 40 million fans tuned in making it the most watched regular season game in 31 years and the most streamed regular season game ever on Paramount+. This record breaking momentum continued into the playoffs with our most streamed non-Superbowl weekends ever. Now in the span of just one football season, the NFL on Paramount+ has increased by 88% in active subscribers and by 67% in minutes streamed and theres so much more to come. Thanks to our historic multi-platform deal that extends our relationship with the NFL through 2033. Were also Americas home to the worlds most popular sports and look at the sheer tonnage of our exclusive rights in soccer. The 2021-2022 UEFA Champions League season alone continues to deliver record breaking audiences for Paramount+. And were expanding our coverage internationally. Paramount+ recently landed English Premier League rights for Mexico and Central America. In Chile, Paramount+ will stream the Chilean National Football Team Qualifying matches for the 2026 FIFA World Cup and Paramount+ and Network 10 will present the top Australian leagues and the Australian National team matches in territory. Paramount+ also is the home of the full CBS News portfolio. This includes our recently rebranded 24x7 streaming news service that will feature new original programs from CBS top on air news talent, a slate of upcoming Docu series from leading journalists and filmmakers, as well as on-demand access to the networks iconic news franchises. Now, as Bob said, one of our key differentiators is our broad collection of businesses from television to theatrical, working together to drive global streaming. Our company has the worlds biggest broadcast footprint, with powerhouse networks around the world, including the top rated broadcaster in Argentina, Telefe, the top network in Chile, Chilevisin, Channel 5 in the U.K., and Australias Network 10. Each network offers up a powerful owned marketing platform with massive reach to fuel the growth of Paramount+. On CBS, for example, we promote Paramount+ in every hour of network programming. Last year, it added up to 4 billion on air impressions and 1,500 spots across CBS. Our networks continue to produce hit after hit, hits in find new audiences on Paramount+ all over the world. One of Network 10s most successful Australian drama series Five Bedrooms moved to Paramount+. Five Bedrooms is now one of the biggest shows on the service, helping to drive early subscription growth in Australia, where we vastly exceeded our subscriber estimates. Latin America, our teams also are turning local broadcast hits into Paramount+ originals. Like the mega hit MasterChef on Telefe, spinning off into hands off chef on Paramount+. Two CBS series, Evil and SEAL Team became Paramount+ originals last year and quickly became two of the most watched original series on the service in the U.S. They both have been renewed for another season and today were excited to announce plans for a SEAL Team movie event exclusively for Paramount+. Now we continue to add CBS hits on Paramount+, from dramas like FBI, which has vaulted into one of the services top shows, to comedies like Ghosts, which is the number one new comedy on broadcast and the number one comedy series on Paramount+, from primetime entertainment, to news, to NFL on CBS. Bottomline, different audiences watch premium content in different ways. We can draw the biggest broadcast audiences, and engage a unique and additive audience on streaming, as we continue to grow Paramount+ and build more franchises. And CBS will take our globally popular franchises and turn them into local Paramount+ originals. Today were announcing NCIS Sydney, a uniquely Australian spin on the hit U.S. show coming next year to Paramount+ in Australia. The new series will be filmed in one of the worlds most scenic harbor cities. It will feature local stories and local creative talent, including Shane Brennan, creator of NCIS LA, whos an Australian himself. It all adds up to the very best in live sports, breaking news, key entertainment franchises and broadcast networks driving Paramount+ with audiences all around the world. Now Id like to pass it over to my colleague and friend, Chris McCarthy.
Chris McCarthy: Thanks, George, and hi, everyone. Im Chris McCarthy, the Chief Content Officer for Adult Animation and Reality Programming for Paramount+. And Im excited to be here today to talk to you about both genres, as well as the global power of IP. Adult animation and reality content share a lot in common, louder than life characters, outrageous situations, and laugh out, loud moments that resonate. They show exaggerated truths that we can all relate to and thats why theyre so incredibly popular all over the world, and they both holds a special place for us. Were credited with creating reality TV with the launch of the Real World and with South Park and Beavis and Butt-Head, we help to bring adult animation into the mainstream and around the world over 25 years ago, and to this day, we are global leaders in both. And as we accelerate our expansion with Paramount+ globally, were doubling down. Let me give an example. Jersey Shore was an instant phenomenon when we launched it in the U.S. So we franchised it with local cast all over the world with Acapulco Shore and Rio Shore, we use them to launch Paramount+ in Mexico and Brazil, and they quickly became the number one series in those markets. And Im excited to announce today that were renewing both of those series and to further accelerate our launches globally, were adding seven new Shores around the world. You see this is one of our global competitive advantages. Globally no reality IP with local cast executions. It allows us to customize our offering in new markets with incredible efficiency. Now thats what I call a sure thing. That takes me to the challenge. The IP that created reality competition is now about to create a new reality first. Behind me is the location in Argentina where were shooting the first ever globally connected competition series. And because it takes place in one location, were creating five series for nearly two-thirds the cost. Take a look at the challenge for the worlds. [Video Presentation] And thats just the beginning. Take a look at the scope and scale of what we have going on. It truly puts us in a leadership position. Now lets talk about the power of adult animation. South Park and Beavis and Butt-Head are some of the most beloved and universally recognized IPs in the world. Last year, South Park was the number one adult animated series in the U.S. and around the world, over 50 billion minutes of the show was consumed, which means at any given time, more than 100,000 people are watching South Park, and Im thrilled to say, as we celebrate the 25th anniversary, this series is coming home. It all started last year as we launched two new streaming movies on Paramount+, which were top performers in the U.S. and number one in our international markets. Now well build on that momentum with two new South Park movies every year for the next six years and Im excited to announce here for the first time ever that Paramount+ International will become the exclusive home to the full South Park Library of 310 episodes as we launched the series this year, plus starting in 2024, new episodes of the South Park series will have their U.S. and international streaming premieres on Paramount+ followed by the full catalogue coming home to the U.S. in 2025, making Paramount+ the global exclusive S5 home to South Park. Now were also welcoming home Beavis and Butt-Head this July with a brand new movie set 20 years into the future, which is shorter reignite the franchise for old and new fans alike, and will build on that momentum with a new series set in the present day. Those are just a few of the great animated projects we have coming as we continue to build out our global IP to power Paramount+s expansion. Now speaking of the power of IP to attract and capture millions of fans, last year, Yellowstone became a phenomenon, not just in the U.S., where its number one on linear, but also Internationally where Paramount+ is its as fun home. To build on that momentum, we franchise the series in real time, starting with the origin story 1883. It just launched in December and it became an instinct global hit. In fact, as you heard earlier from Tanya, its Paramount+s biggest hit ever. Clearly, were only at the beginning of unleashing the full potential of this IP and here to tell you more about that is our creative partner, Taylor Sheridan.
David Nevins: Im David Nevins, Chief Content Officer of Scripted Originals for Paramount+. Behind me is a London soundstage where we make the kind of global scripted originals that are helping to power Paramount+. We make shows that resonate across the country and around the world. And we make them in every market for every market. Its a two-way street, with U.S. made shows that were rolling out around the world and internationally produce shows that were bringing to the U.S. and markets everywhere. We are creating groundbreaking new IP even as we lean into the franchises that fans love and we bring the highest level of acting, writing and cinematography, the best of Hollywood everything we do. The result is entertainment thats addictive. Its what entices subscribers and keeps them coming back for more. The kind of shows you can relax with on a Saturday afternoon or just before bedtime and the kind of shows that can fill the call for suspenseful Friday night at home. Take the offer, one of Hollywoods wildest stories how the iconic film The Godfather almost didnt happen. Its a riveting limited series starring Miles Teller, Juno Temple, Matthew Goode and Giovanni Ribisi. Heres a peek. [Video Presentation] Next comes Grease: Rise of the Pink Ladies, a splashy musical prequel to a classic film with proven multi-generational appeal, but updated for today with cutting edge music and choreography. Have a look at this just produce dancing. [Video Presentation] And coming later this year weve got Kiefer Sutherland and an edge of your seat psychological thriller Rabbit Hole from the creators of the Good Fight and Evil comes a true story of a woman who realizes her father was the infamous real life happy face serial killer and titles from the Paramount Library right for updating like Fatal Attraction starring Lizzy Caplan and Joshua Jackson. For us, its absolutely essential how well these shows will play internationally, because Paramount+ is designed for a global audience. To tell you more about our International production plans, let me throw it over to my London colleague, Maria Kyriacou.
Maria Kyriacou: Thank you, David. As youve said, Paramount+ is a truly global service in every way. Our production capabilities span more than 20 countries from Argentina to Israel to my home here in London, giving us an incredible advantage. Here in the U.K., we are thrilled to launch Paramount+ this summer, bringing all our shows and movies to British audiences and bringing the remarkable talent that we have here to a global audience. From a dramatization of The New York Times bestselling novel A Gentleman in Moscow to a prequel series or the British cult hit Sexy Beast. Were excited about whats in store. As we expand Paramount+ into global markets, my colleagues around the world are creating new content, like our first Italian original Miss Fallaci and a thriller from Germany, The Chemistry of Death and were expanding our partnerships with international groups, including CJ Entertainment, the South Korean production company behind Parasite, starting with a thought provoking new drama Yonder. In fact, we already have more than 50 new international originals planned. Heres a quick look. [Video Presentation] As a company, weve also become a leading producer of Spanish language content with Telefe in Argentina and the recent acquisitions of Chilevisin, TeleColombia and Estudios TeleMexico, we premiere over 5000 hours of content per year and we use that scale to drive Paramount+, leading into hit shows like [inaudible] and Cecilia, which I can confirm have been picked up for second seasons. And here to tell us about the new romantic comedy at midnight is the incredibly talented Monica Barbaro.
Monica Barbaro: Thanks, Maria. After playing a fighter pilot by the name of Phoenix in Paramounts highly anticipated Top Gun Maverick with the legendary Tom Cruise, I am thrilled to stay with the family. At this very moment, Im in Mexico shooting a beautiful new film with Diego Boneta called At Midnight, which tells the story of Sophie and Alejandro to ambitious people who meet at the right place, but the wrong time. I play a career driven movie star with a seemingly glamorous life and my world collides with Alejandro, who until now has lived his life according to thought out predictable plan. Its been an incredible shoot so far and we cant wait to share with you the magic weve gotten to experience on set every day.
Maria Kyriacou: Thanks, Monica. Simply put, we tell great stories that transcend all countries and cultures. Back over to you, David.
David Nevins: Thank you, Maria. As Maria said, the beating heart of what we do is tell great captivating stories. Stories that move us, provoke us and make us think. Stories that you cant stop talking about and with hits like Your Honor and Yellowjackets not to mention the huge worldwide success of the Dexter revival. Showtime has been a great producer of Fear of Missing Out series that become worldwide sensations, series to dominate the cultural conversation and serve as a cornerstone for our Paramount+ service and markets around the world. And as Tom said earlier, this includes U.S. subscribers who will soon be able to easily access Showtime within Paramount+. Looking ahead, we couldnt be more excited about these global hits in the making. The First Lady, an intimate view inside the lives of Michelle Obama, Betty Ford and Eleanor Roosevelt, starring Viola Davis, Michelle Pfeiffer, and Gillian Anderson. Take a look. [Video Presentation] From the creators of Billions comes another show from their universe exploring the contours of capitalism. Its Super Pumped: The Battle for Uber. If Billions is about the masters of that universe, Super Pumped is about the entrepreneurs. Heres a preview. [Video Presentation] And Im excited to announce that were already at work on Season 2 of Super Pumped, which is going to be about the Rise of Facebook and today we are also ordering Season 7 of Billions. On the horizon we have the iconic American Gigolo starring Jon Bernthal, Let the Right One In, an adaptation of The Scandinavian Vampire Saga starring Damien Bashir and Ripley, a sumptuous take on the classic Patricia Highsmith mystery of an American tourist whos visited Italy is interrupted by accusations of murder. Premium shows, huge stars, addictive stories with global appeal. This is what it looks like when we supercharge our content engines to create shows the world cant get enough of all on Paramount+ and we are just getting started. Now let me turn things back over to Bob.
Bob Bakish: As you can see, across every genre lane, Paramount is reaching new heights with our powerful content engine. And that engine in turn, is creating a compelling value creation opportunity for the company. Here to share more details on that, please welcome our Chief Financial Officer, Naveen Chopra.
Naveen Chopra: Thanks, Bob, and hello, everyone. This afternoon, my colleagues have explained how we plan to take our flagship streaming service to new heights. Now, Id like to explain how that strategy is driving our financial results today and into the future. Ill start by sharing a few highlights from our Q4 results and recapping the remarkable year we had in streaming. Then Ill talk about the future, starting with changes in our disclosures, which are important to understanding our future financial goals. Ill explain how our differentiated streaming playbook translates to a financially attractive business with healthy long-term margins. And then well put some specifics around all of that, with updates on our long-term goals and expectations for 2022. So lets start with our Q4 results, which are covered in greater detail in the press release we issued earlier today. We added 9.4 million streaming subscribers in Q4, reaching a total of 56.1 million global subscribers across our services. Paramount+ continued to drive the vast majority of new subscribers in the quarter. But Showtime OTT also had a record quarter of additions. In ad supported streaming, Pluto TV continued to thrive, delivering its biggest quarter of MAU growth by adding 10 million MAUs to reach 64.4 million MAUs globally. In combination, these services powered another quarter of exceptionally strong revenue growth. Global streaming revenue was up almost 50% year-over-year to 1.3 billion, benefiting from strong subscription revenue growth, which accelerated yet again to an impressive 84%. At the same time, we saw continued strength in our traditional businesses, with growth in both advertising and affiliate revenue. Our balance sheet also strengthened in Q4, where we sold non-core real estate assets and ended the year with $6.3 billion of cash on hand. Our net debt balance now reflects a $7 billion reduction since the merger of Viacom and CBS, and provides ample firepower to seize the tremendous streaming opportunity before us. And speaking of streaming, as youve heard throughout todays event, 2021 was indeed remarkable. Less than a year since the launch of Paramount+, our content, marketing and distribution engines drove explosive growth, adding more than 26 million global streaming subscribers across our platforms in 2021. In turn, streaming subscription revenue grew nearly 80%. We know that kind of growth relies on great content to attract and retain a broad base of subscribers and were seeing the formula working. In fact if we look at our domestic Paramount+ business, as content selection expanded, the average monthly active rate moved higher in each of the past three quarters since launch. And as audiences spend more time with the service, churn also improved each quarter during the year. There is engagement and retention increase, so does the lifetime value of Paramount+ subscribers. And to underscore what Bob and Tom shared, 2021 was also an out of this world year for Pluto TV. In addition to crossing the $1 billion revenue threshold, Pluto TV experienced tremendous growth in users and watch time. Total global viewing hours increased over 50% to 4.8 billion. While viewing hours per domestic MAU grew a healthy 12%. In a moment, Im going to explain how our performance in 2021 guides our expectations for future streaming growth. But before doing so, let me explain changes were making to our financial disclosures, which will improve the visibility of this direct-to-consumer growth, while highlighting the profitability of our traditional business. Today, we publish recasted trending schedules on our website, presenting historical results through the lens of our three new segments as shown here. First, a highly profitable and resilient TV Media business, which includes our global broadcast and cable network businesses, and their associated studios that were reported separately in our Legacy TV Entertainment and Cable Network segments. It also includes Paramount TV studios, which was previously part of the Film Entertainment segment. Second, Filmed Entertainment, which is comprised of the Paramount Pictures and Nickelodeon studios. And finally, a high growth direct-to-consumer business, which includes the global operations of our D2C streaming services, consisting of Paramount+, Pluto TV, Showtime OTT, BET+ and Noggin, all in one segment. Taking a closer look at our segments under the new reporting structure, youll notice the profitability of our TV Media segment, which generated nearly $23 billion in revenue and close to $6 billion in adjusted OIBDA last year. TV Media OIBDA was up 1% year-over-year and delivered a 26% OIBDA margin. In our D2C segment, revenue grew an impressive 83%, and as you know, we continue to invest behind this growth to capture a highly strategic market opportunity. And as a result of this investment, D2C operated at a loss of approximately $1 billion in 2021. In addition to changes in our segment reporting, were also evolving our revenue disclosures. Our new reporting segments feature four revenue types, advertising, affiliate and subscription, theatrical, and licensing and other. Our streaming revenues are now captured as advertising or affiliate and subscription revenue in either the D2C segment or the TV Media segment, if not directly related to our D2C services. And to offer a closer look at direct-to-consumer, we will also be publishing revenue and subscribers or monthly active users for Paramount+ and Pluto TV, respectively. As shown on this chart by year end 2021, Paramount+ had 32.8 million global streaming subscribers. As Bob mentioned, Paramount+ has been the key driver of subscriber growth, representing over 80% of the 26.2 million global streaming additions we gained last year. Paramount+ generated $1.3 billion in revenue in 2021, up 115% year-over-year. Domestic paid ARPU approach $9 in Q4, reflecting a mix of essential, premium and promotional subscribers. In 2022, we expect both domestic ARPU and international ARPU to move higher. Domestic ARPU will benefit from improved ad monetization and the conversion of trial of promotional subs to full paying subs. And international ARPU will improve too, as we launch in large international markets with significantly higher average ARPUs than our current international sub base. And on Pluto TV, you now know we added over 21 million global MAUs in 2021, delivering almost 90% topline growth. Thats $1.1 billion in revenue. In the U.S., Plutos efficient business model and impressive ARPU growth demonstrate increasingly strong margin potential. In fact, Pluto TVs global ARPU increased 17% year-over-year to $1.64, with domestic ARPU significantly higher at $2.54, up 44% year-over-year. Were also simplifying the way we record direct-to-consumer content expense to more clearly present the actual cost to the company of our streaming investments. We are no longer recording intercompany licensing between segments. Instead, were allocating content costs to each segment based on the relative value of the distribution windows exploited by each reporting segment. What does this change mean for D2C investment? Well, under our new reporting structure, D2C content expense would have been about $1 billion in 2020 and $2.2 billion in 2021. We think this combination of changes makes it easier to understand and value the future Paramount. Its a future we are very excited about, because it leverages the assets from our traditional media enterprise to build a large scale global direct-to-consumer business with attractive long-term margins. As Bob laid out, streaming unlocks a tremendous incremental market opportunity for Paramount compared to Pay TV. In fact, relative to our existing Pay TV footprint, which reaches 300 million households, our streaming strategy, which is more than double that amount, so well over 600 million broadband homes, excluding China and India, and this number will continue to grow, especially when adding mobile broadband users, a previously inaccessible segment will soon be targeting with a mobile-only plan for Paramount+ in certain geographies. Our broad approach to streaming positions us to capture an even greater portion of this growing addressable market with better long-term economics. Let me use three examples from our playbook to explain how our approach yields financial benefits and creates long-term value. First, within Paramount+ and across our ecosystem, we benefit from a combination of subscription and advertising revenue. This gives us multiple ways to grow beyond just subs in price. Our dual revenue stream model allows us to grow ARPU through enhanced engagement and monetization. And we can reach an even larger audience by appealing to the hundreds of millions of consumers who prefer to pay a low or no subscription fee for their content. Advertising is powered the Media business model for decades, powered broadcast television has been essential to cable television. Today, as we look ahead to the future, it adds incredible value to our streaming playbook, as part of a hybrid subscription ad supported model like Paramount+ and as a pure ad supported service with Pluto TV. Second, when it comes to distribution, were also running with a differentiated playbook, combining the top notch consumer experience and massive addressable market of streaming with the attractive economics of the traditional cable model. At a time where our partners are focused on using streaming services to further leverage their broadband presence and expand customer offerings. Take our hard bundle deal with Sky or the deal we announced today with Canal+, where Paramount+ is instantly distributed to millions of Sky cinema or Canal+ customers. While ARPU is lower than in our direct-to-consumer channel, its higher than linear TV, subscribers scale very quickly, we incur no customer acquisition, billing or support costs and we eliminate the risk of churn when series reach end of season. This play is enabled by our longstanding relationships with global MVPDs and the data differentiated value proposition of Paramount+. And of course, these hard bundle relationships let us maximize reach by complementing our higher ARPU direct channels and customers we acquire through streaming platforms like Amazon, Roku and Apple. Third, we have a unique opportunity to leverage our content investments across our broad platforms. Its the perfect illustration of how our so called legacy businesses enhance streaming economics and its not just a hunch. We measure return on investment on a show-by-show basis. Unlike a pure play streamer, our ROI equation benefits from broad platforms like box office revenue, Pluto TV, third-party licensing, download-to-own and consumer products, among others. Coupled with the lifetime value of each Paramount+ customer directly attributed to the title, this diversified model consistently demonstrates compelling ROI across many popular Paramount+ releases. It brings us back to our differentiated streaming playbook. These monetization opportunities improve the return on streaming content and are not available to a pure-play streamer. In our model, these traditional businesses are powerful sources of economic and promotional value. While high-end, high impact Paramount+ exclusives, like Mayor of Kingstown and 1883 are important to our growth, they are only part of our success equation. Paramount+ is also powered by a deep portfolio of both shared and library content. With strong momentum in our direct-to-consumer business and a differentiated streaming playbook, were confident that the opportunity ahead is, as Bob said, matched only by the scale of our ambition to season. Just one year ago, we set a goal to reach 65 million to 75 million global streaming subscribers by year end 2024. We now expect to surpass that goal by the end of 2022, two years ahead of schedule. Today, we are raising that goal to over 100 million global D2C subscribers by year end 2024. These exclude subscribers we expect to serve with SkyShowtime, which will be reported separately by the JV. At Pluto TV engagement and ARPU have accelerated meaningfully in the past year, increasing our ability to monetize the 100 million to 120 million global MAUs we expect to reach by 2014. And this combination, higher subscribers and ARPU, as well as accelerated monetization improvements at Pluto TV means our goal for 2024 D2C revenue has increased substantially. Last year, our goal for global streaming revenue was to exceed $7 billion in 2024. As you can see on the right side of this chart, that included $6 billion of revenue now captured in our D2C segment, with the remainder being digital video advertising now captured in our TV Media segment. As a result of our momentum and incremental investments, we are raising our 2024 direct-to-consumer revenue goal to over $9 billion. Thats $3 billion higher than the $6 billion, which was embedded in our 2024 revenue goal just one year ago. The incremental D2C revenue consists of both more aggressive subscriber assumptions and ARPU improvement, driven by the combination of subscription price increases and growth in advertising monetization. Now, of course, our growth depends on delivering killer content. Last year, we told you we expected streaming content expense to exceed $5 billion in 2024. This included $4 billion of expense associated with our direct-to-consumer services. We now expect D2C content expense to grow from $2.2 billion last year to over $6 billion in 2024. Given these investments, we forecast D2C OIBDA losses will be greatest in 2023, but will improve in 2024, when our global D2C businesses will start to see the benefits of our full content slate, including Paramount Pay One movies, by then will be launched in significantly more markets, advertising and subscription monetization will be higher, and the layering of content amortization expense will begin to stabilize. And longer term, our model suggests that the D2C segment will approach margins similar to our current TV Media business. I also want to provide some color on near-term expectations for each of our segments in 2022. At TV Media, we expect adjusted OIBDA to be similar to 2021, when adjusting for the benefit of Super Bowl 55 in Q1 of last year. Similarly, we expect adjusted OIBDA at Filmed Entertainment to remain stable year-over-year absent changes to our current film slate. And in D2C we anticipate a another year of very healthy subscriber growth led by Paramount+ and continued expansion at Pluto TV, all of which will translate to D2C revenue growth in excess of 60% for the full year. In fact, we expect D2C revenue growth in Q1 to accelerate beyond 2021s full year D2C revenue growth rate. As we grow, direct-to-consumer will see additional investments in content and international launches. As such, we anticipate an increase in OIBDA losses of approximately $500 million for the D2C segments in 2022. On a total company basis, consolidated OIBDA will show sequential increases in each quarter of 2022 including Q1. Regarding the year-over-year trends, the first half of 2021 incorporated several non-comparable items, which benefited OIBDA in the period, including the Super Bowl, the impact of COVID on linear production and film releases, and the launch of Paramount+, which did not occur until March 4th. Therefore, the first half of this year will show a material year-over-year decline in OIBDA, which will then flip to a significant year-over-year growth in the back half of the year, resulting in the full year trends I just described. Weve covered a lot of ground today and I know everyone is looking forward to the Q&A session. So on behalf of my colleagues, let me recap four key takeaways. First, in just one year, Paramount+ has outperformed all expectations. We have serious momentum and the credibility to establish ourselves as a scaled streaming player. Second, we are enhancing transparency. We want you to see and understand the evolution of both our D2C and traditional businesses. Third, we are taking our ambitions to new heights. Were investing in growth, with significantly higher goals for streaming subscribers and streaming revenue. Fourth, and most importantly, we are executing a differentiated streaming playbook that leverages our traditional businesses to yield faster growth and attractive long-term D2C margins. With that, let me introduce Anthony DiClemente, Executive Vice President, Investor Relations to lead us through Q&A.
A - Anthony DiClemente: Thanks, Naveen, and thanks to all of you for joining us. Here for todays discussion. We have Bob Bakish, our President and CEO; Naveen Chopra, our CFO; and Tom Ryan, President and CEO of Streaming. I also want to note that slides from todays presentation will be available on our website after we conclude. Were going to spend the next 30 minutes answering your questions. Our analysts are joining us by zoom. In order to help us to get to as many of your questions as possible, Id like to ask that you please limit yourself to one question. With that, lets open the line. Our first question will be coming from Mike Morris at Guggenheim. Mike, go ahead with your question.
Mike Morris: Thank you, Anthony, and thank you for all of the information you guys just shared. I guess with one question, Id like to ask you about the path to the subscriber guidance that you have out there the $100 million by 2024. Can you share any more details with us about what that path looks like over the next couple of years, whether there are different milestones that would accelerate or cause choppiness in that path? And can you give us any more details about how you see the geographic mix of that subscriber base evolving? Thanks.
Naveen Chopra: Sure. Hi, Mike. Its Naveen. Ill take that question. In terms of how we see our D2C business growing to $100 million, we do think theres going to be some relatively steady growth over the next few years. If I were to break that down a little bit more, Id say a couple of things. Number one, in 2022, as I mentioned on the call, we do expect that we will exceed our prior guidance for 2024 subs, and in saying that, we mean exceed the high-end of that guidance. So that gives you some sense of what we expect to see in 2022 and we expect a healthy rate of growth to continue in 2023 and 2024. In terms of the geographic composition of subs, we obviously have global ambitions, which means that, we expect both domestic subs and international subs to be important contributors to achieving that $100 million sub goal. If you think about our D2C subscriber base today, it does skew domestic, but as we progress and as we launch Paramount+ in more markets, the portion of overall subs that is made up from International will continue to grow. If I look forward to 2024, I would expect that domestic will still be the larger portion of our base. But you will see quarters over the next year where the skew of new subscriber additions may be either domestic or more international. Q4, as an example, where we saw tremendous growth was heavily driven out of the United States. But there will be quarters next year where we launch in new markets or we launch new partners where more of that growth will skew international. But in the long run, both domestic and international are going to be important, because at the end of the day, were building a global B2C business.
Bob Bakish: Mike, the only thing I want to add is that $100 million number does not include subscribers we expect from SkyShowtime, thats an unconsolidated joint venture and we obviously expect that to be in the many millions of subs.
Anthony DiClemente: Yeah. The Q4 sub growth was skewed domestic to be clear. Thanks, Mike. Well take our next question from Bryan Kraft from Deutsche Bank. Bryan, go ahead with your question.
Bryan Kraft: Hey. Thanks, Anthony. Hey, Naveen. Hey, Bob. Naveen, can you just size the free cash flow investment into streaming investments over the next couple of years or maybe talk about the delta between EBITDA and free cash flow and when that might peak, just so we can help the model -- help us model that. And Bob, you and Chris McCarthy have talked recently and Chris talked today about emphasizing the companys shift to leveraging franchises in a bigger way. Can you talk about how thats going to really be different going forward than its been historically and what that means for the business and what youve seen so far, and what gives you the conviction that thats going to really carry the subscriber growth that youre forecasting over the next few years? Thanks.
Naveen Chopra: Hey, Bryan. So the answer on free cash flow, I think, is relatively straightforward. If you think about 2022, as an example, weve given you some sense of what to expect on earnings. I think the year-over-year change on free cash flow will actually be more moderate than the change in earnings. And the reason for that is that we are seeing the benefit of significant working capital improvements that weve been able to make over the course of the last year and we expect to continue to do that. So, while therell be incremental investment from an earnings perspective, cash flow impact should be a little more moderate. Bob?
Bob Bakish: Yeah. With respect to your question on franchises, we are absolutely increasing our focuses on franchises with respect to our content investments. I think if you look at the company, historically, probably, most of that franchise work was done at Nickelodeon and you saw us look to move quickly and benefit from that in the launch of Paramount+ with the SpongeBob movie and the first SpongeBob spinoff series Kamp Koral. Since that time, what you see is a broad -- including today, what you see is a broader commitment to franchises, including strategies, which span theatrical to series. You heard that today with respect to Sonic, you see that with respect to Yellowstone spawning 1883 and, we have a whole range of these in place. So its really a philosophical change that connects with a one company mentality that crosses platforms and feeds streaming, that is the step function change and are embracing franchises.
Anthony DiClemente: Great. Thank you, Bryan. Well take our next question from Brett Feldman at Goldman Sachs. Brett, go ahead with your question.
Brett Feldman: Great. Can you hear me, okay?
Bob Bakish: Yes.
Anthony DiClemente: Yeah. We can hear you fine.
Brett Feldman: Great. So when you had outlined your initial expectation that you would be growing your content spending that you are allocating into the streaming business at the time from $1 billion to $5 billion, youd indicated that that was not necessarily all going to be incremental to the company. Youve always had a tremendous amount of success with streaming products since then and youve come out and signal a desire to invest even more. So the question would be, that additional $2 billion that you outlined by 2024, to what extent is that purely incremental and to what extent is it represent maybe a swifter reallocation away from your traditional TV Media business? And just any more color you can give it about whats driving that, that additional investment other than just more content? For example, are you going to be leaning a bit more into local language content outside the U.S.? Thank you.
Naveen Chopra: Yeah. Hey, Brett, let me try to give you some additional color on that. And I think, the essence of the question youre asking is really what happens to total company content spend in combination with the incremental investment were obviously making in D2C and the answer to that is the following. While were investing aggressively in the D2C growth, we are also carefully managing spend in the traditional side of the business and that applies to both content investments, as well as looking at other opportunities to unlock operational efficiency. Youve actually seen us do that quite extensively over the last couple of years, whether thats doing things like combining networks or looking for ways to find other efficiencies in operating expense. We think weve been quite innovative in being able to do that. And youll see us continue to pull those levers going forward. Youll also see us lean even more aggressively into leveraging global production, which has significant benefits in terms of helping us create cost, excuse me, create content much more efficiently. Take as an example, some of the things that Chris McCarthy mentioned that hes dealing with shows like the challenge by leveraging global production capabilities. So that formula is going to be a critical part of what allows us to run the business with total company content spend that is growing at a much, much lower rate than what youll see on the D2C side and its also a critical part of the equation to returning the company to earnings growth in 2024 and beyond.
Anthony DiClemente: Local language content investment.
Naveen Chopra: Yeah. So with respect to local content, global content, we are strong believers in the importance of local content. Id point out this is not a new concept for us, weve been operating in geographies around the world for most of our history, as Bob pointed out, and we see tremendous opportunities to leverage a lot of the local content that already exists, as well as combining that with global content from the U.S. that travels well. Weve had many examples of that, whether its a Yellowstone or a Dexter. We also utilize global formats. You heard about that in Chris presentation as well. And were also now increasingly taking content thats produced in international markets and bringing it back to the United States. So, theres many opportunities to take advantage of our global footprint and that is all part of how we have thought about our content expense over time. So when we talk about the $6 billion of D2C content investment in 2024, that assumes a mix of both global content and locally produced content.
Anthony DiClemente: Great. Thanks so much, Brett. Well take our next question from Ben Swinburne at Morgan Stanley. Ben, go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you. Good afternoon. Bob, since you came to Viacom, you have taken a new approach to distribution partnerships, which are obviously critical to driving direct-to-consumer. Im wondering if you could talk about your strategy, based on what we heard this afternoon to leverage distribution partnerships internationally, and in the U.S., and maybe you can, in your answer, address some of the concerns investors may have about your ability to maintain your strip -- your pricing power and carriage position in the U.S., given how profitable that business is? Thank you.
Bob Bakish: Sure, Ben. So, look, if you look at the history of the company, you see that weve long been a believer in ubiquitous distribution and executed in that way. And so as we look at the D2C space, we believe ubiquitous distribution is a powerful lever to pull to drive access to largest potential TAM. Now, in doing so we believe you need to combine -- a strategy thats really multifaceted and this is where you see us pursuing hard bundles, channel stores and pure D2C. And each of the strategies have different characteristics, but in totality, theyre very powerful. So on the hard bundle side, notably exemplified by Sky and by the Canal+ deal, we announced today, theres an opportunity to get very quick sub base at a very low subscriber acquisition cost, with minimal churn going forward. So we like that a lot as we begin to build scale. You look at the channel store side that provides access to a flow of traffic, youre paying a little bit higher cost of sales, but again, a nice chunk of users and then you get D2C, which gives you the highest ARPU and gives you access to the full marketplace. We think that put together creates the highest growth sub base with the most stability over time, and again, allows us to work with partners of different shapes and sizes, in building our streaming business. You see us doing that, by the way in the United States too, whether thats working with an MVPD, where weve broadened our relationship to include not just linear channels, not just advanced ad sales, but also streaming apps, including free and pay, you see us doing that with -- now with mobile carriers, like a T-Mobile, where we launched Paramount+ late in 2021 and were looking forward to marketing kicking in at the end of the first quarter that really begin to drive that source of subscribers and then later billing integration in the middle of the second quarter or so. We think these powerful -- these partnerships are very powerful and were committed to leveraging them as we pursue this ubiquitous distribution and penetrate the largest addressable market. So hope that helps.
Anthony DiClemente: Do you want to address MVPDs in the U.S.?
Bob Bakish: Well, I could -- I discussed them, look the MVPDs, if you look at that, just broadly speaking, since we put this company together, weve consistently gotten deals done. Most recently with Comcast, again, those deals are now very contemporary in that they combine linear feeds, vast ad sales and apps, a very strong partnership, were clearly a cornerstone content provider and we look forward to doing growing business in that space, particularly as they go after broadband and leveraging their broadband accounts into video. Again, were a natural partner of theirs.
Anthony DiClemente: Great. Thanks so much, Ben. Well take our next question from Rich Greenfield at LightShed. Rich?
Rich Greenfield: Thanks, Anthony. Thanks for taking the questions. Ive actually got a few, I know you said one, but just real quick. When -- I guess for Bob, to start off, when you say your platform is differentiated, what do you point to most, like, what do you think differentiates Paramount+ most from the other services that are out there? Two, I think, Naveen, I think, you said, D2C margins should approach linear margins. I think thats a question that investors sort of struggled to understand just given sort of everybody paid for every channel versus just paying for what they want. So like, how does that math sort of work out long-term? And then just a quick housekeeping question, when you think about free cash flow, this year, obviously, your free cash flow didnt cover your dividend and you actually saw net debt rise. When you think about 2022 and 2023, how should we be thinking about those moving pieces relative to the increased investment you just mentioned?
Bob Bakish: Yeah. Sure, Rich. Let me kick it off. So we absolutely have a differentiated strategy in streaming, that differentiation occurs on a couple dimensions, which I outlined, it starts with content. As I said, we take the Plus and Paramount+ very seriously, we have the broadest selection account of content out there, including a full genre mix on the entertainment side, news, and of course, sports, NFL, European Football, Golf, NCAA, et cetera. So we think thats a real differentiator and weve seen all of those lanes work together to drive our growth, including in the fourth quarter where were very pleased with the results. In addition to that, we believe the combination of free and pay, Pluto riding alongside, Paramount+ is powerful and that were differentiated in that regard. Remember, we have the number one fast product in the United States and based on the statistics Ive seen, our lead in the United States increased in the fourth quarter, even though we were already the number one player. Third point, youve seen us how were using our broader range of platforms to drive that were doing that better than anyone else. Look at what we did with Yellowstone into 1883, look at the integration with Halo in the NFL Playoffs. Were really leveraging these platforms. And lastly, the global side of this thing, weve been operating on the ground internationally for decades. I believe with respect to the distribution strategy we have, including hard bundles, we are an innovator. It is highly beneficial strategy. Youll see the benefit in 2022. And by the way, youre going to see other people following us, because were already seeing that begin to happen. But just like we benefited by being the market leader fast and being there earlier, were here early and you get a first mover advantage. So we got a lot of differentiation in place, its working really well and its going to pay real dividends going forward. Naveen?
Naveen Chopra: Yeah. So, Rich, the answer to your question, first on margins is, really an extension of what Bob described, which is that, we are executing a fundamentally different playbook when it comes to building our D2C business. And in fact, a lot of the things that were doing actually replicate some of the economic benefits that you see in the traditional universe, specifically, with regard to some of the things that you mentioned. So whether it is the ability to leverage content across multiple platforms, whether its the ability to use bundles and other partnerships to acquire subs efficiently and ensure that they dont churn the way that they might in a pure-play D2C business, whether its the ability to use our built-in promotional platform or our global production capabilities, were talking about a very different version of streaming economics than what you would see in a pure-play streaming business and thats why we think about the long-term margin potential very differently. With respect to your question on free cash flow, I point out a couple things. Number one, as I said, we do think the free cash flow impact of the investments that were making is more moderate than what youll see on the P&L. Moreover, we have a very strong balance sheet as we move into greater investment mode in D2C over the next few years. Remember, we finished the year with $6.8 billion, excuse me, $6.3 billion of cash on the balance sheet, more than enough firepower to make the investments that we envision in streaming. We have no near-term maturities and we continue to maintain significant amount of revolver capacity. So we like our financial position. Were very well equipped to invest to capture the growth on D2C and to continue to fulfill all of our financial priorities, which as Ive articulated before, include investing in organic growth through streaming. It includes funding our dividend and it includes deleveraging our balance sheet. I think youll actually see us doing all three of those things in 2022.
Anthony DiClemente: Great, thanks for the multiple questions, Rich. Well take our next question from John Hodulik at UBS, John?
John Hodulik: Great. Thanks, guys. Two questions if I may. First, on the licensing side, you guys had another strong quarter of content licensing, but at the same time talked about, how you were pulling back on the Pay One window a couple years, could you just talk about -- maybe could quantify the impact of that change and just maybe give some color on how you expect that line to trend over the next couple of years? Thats number one. And then just a quick follow-up, just anything you tell us about your appetite for international sports rights. I think, Bob, you guys laid out, some new rights you have in Mexico and Central America with football. And I think theres some new stories out about potentially betting on the IPL in India, but just any thoughts around that or for new rights you guys could acquire in the future?
Bob Bakish: Yeah. Sure, John. So look on the content licensing side. As you know, weve made a strategic pivot at ViacomCBS now Paramount to pointing our content engines at our streaming platform, notably Paramount+. Weve already seen early benefit from that in terms of the fourth quarter and we believe that is fundamentally the right thing to do as we look to create asset value and theres clear examples of asset value creation in the streaming space where youre successful, and again, we intend to be successful. So were doing that. In parallel to that, we are continuing to fulfill deals we put in place, pre-Paramount+, so those are like season N+1 of a particular show, maybe Jack Ryan as an example. We have contracts in place and were going to continue to do that. We also continue to do some selective non-exclusive licensing, which we found to be an effective franchise development tool, as we continue to build new versions of product again for Paramount+. So you should expect us to do that over time. Again, we think its strategically right and we think we also have some incremental financial benefit from that. In terms of your question on international sports rights. Look, its early days, but weve seen real benefit of sports as part of Paramount+ in the United States. The NFL, as you saw in one of the charts, was the number one source of subscriber additions for the product in 2021 and we have found that we can cross consumer, bring them in on sports and get them to consume entertainment product, sports fans, as an example, in the fourth quarter were also big consumers of shows like SEAL Team and Mayor of Kingstown and 1883, and thats key to our overall plan and economics and ROI. So were looking at selectively at adding sports product internationally, weve done some of that in Latin America, weve done some of that in Australia. The IPL thing in India is really Viacom18, which is our joint venture over there. So, again, we think sports is additive and certainly a differentiator for us. You need to be disciplined in terms of how much you pay and we need to be effective in terms of extracting the value, including through co-usage of other product. But sports is definitely part of our streaming playbook. And by the way, we have a lot of benefit from our CBS Sports heritage as we pursue that opportunity.
Anthony DiClemente: Great. Thanks so much, John. Well take our next question from Jason Bazinet at Citi. Jason, go ahead with your question.
Jason Bazinet: Thanks so much. Maybe a little bit of a complicated question. But in -- under the old accounting standards, for film or television, you would amortize based on matching revenues, right, as a percent of your ultimate revenues. So the margins are sort of consistent all the way through. In the streaming world, I think, the amortization is a function of the streams and it sort of ignores the fact that the consumer gets more utility out of new content versus old. So how do you -- how can anyone have confidence that the streaming business is going to be a good fit for business as your new TV Media segment, as an example?
Naveen Chopra: Hey, Jason. Ill take a shot at that. First, just in terms of understanding the methodology on allocation. First, very big picture, as I said in the prepared remarks, our general approach to cost allocation is based on the relative value of windows that any given service has rights to exploit. So that addresses sort of how we allocate cost between for instance, theatrical and streaming, if a movie starts in the theater and then, ultimately, ends up on Paramount+. In terms of the allocation within streaming, we actually dont entirely allocate based on the methodology you describe, there is a recognition of the fact that content tends to have significantly more value in its early days on a streaming service, a lot of the MOU is accelerated and then spread over time. It is one of the reasons why as we continue to build our library and assemble more and more content on Paramount+, we believe there is an opportunity for leverage in the model. I mentioned in my prepared remarks, so one of the things that takes us through that inflection point of peak losses in D2C in 2023 is the fact that were then at a point in time, where were actually starting to see things roll off from an amortization perspective, as opposed to in the first few years, everythings coming in, nothings coming out. So you really start to see the operating leverage improving the business at that point in time.
Bob Bakish: I also just want to add one other point, because something you said is not reflective of what we see in streaming. You said that only new content matters in terms of streaming consumption. Thats actually categorically not true. It is true that new originals are key to subscriber acquisition. But what is tremendously valuable in streaming is library and specifically series that are deep in number of seasons. So you look at the NCIS, the FBIs, the SEAL Teams, the SpongeBob, et cetera. Those are tremendously valuable for in some cases bringing people in, but for the most part in terms of engagement, and engagement, is what you use to manage churn. So with respect to the value of content, its not all about exclusive originals. These libraries are highly valuable and when you look at Paramount, which is what we call the company now, we have very deep, very high quality libraries at from the original Paramount Studio, from CBS, from Showtime, from the cable networks, and those are tremendously valuable for streaming, both for Paramount+ and for Pluto TV. So dont lose sight of that value, because it is very material and its key to our long-term streaming economics as well.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks a lot, Jason. We will take our last question from Steve Cahall at Wells Fargo. Steve, go ahead.
Steve Cahall: Hi. Thanks. Just one kind of long domestic question, so I was wondering if you could talk about where you think you are in the domestic journey in terms of subs for Paramount+ and where that can go. And similarly, you talked about the $9 ARPU, as we think about both subscription and advertising revenue, how do you think about the upside to domestic ARPU? And just while were on domestic Paramount+, I think, if you could go back in time, you might look at a slightly different arrangement for some of the early seasons of Yellowstone, which are on a competitor service. Do you have any levers you can pull in the next couple of years to consolidate the Yellowstone library entirely onto Paramount+? Thank you.
Bob Bakish: Yes. So let me start there. So I would say, we are very early in the Paramount+ subscriber journey. Remember, this product didnt exist a year ago today. So weve seen it build through calendar 2021 after launching in the March timeframe. But really the fourth quarter was the first time we had anything resembling scale in the scripted side, for example. So theres a ways to go in terms of the scale Paramount+ will build in the United States. And you saw today, really the incredible content lineup we have coming across all these genres. So, again, I think theres a lot of headroom here on subscribers. Ill address the Yellowstone point and then flip it to Naveen for ARPU. With respect to Yellowstone, youre right, that deal was done pre the ViacomCBS merger, thats unfortunate. Rather than just forego that opportunity, we chose to aggressively get into spin-off series like 1883, related series in terms of the Creator and Mayor of Kingstown. You saw some more stuff coming. Thats working very well for us. Yellowstone is part of Paramount+ internationally. So thats how we think of that franchise today. Naveen?
Naveen Chopra: Yeah. Let me jump in on ARPU. We continue to be very encouraged by what weve seen from an ARPU perspective, particularly in the domestic market. You saw on the prepared remarks, the $9 paid ARPU that we experienced in Q4. We see continued upside in domestic ARPU, both short-term and long-term. Short term, there are really two key factors, we expect that therell be a benefit from the continued conversion of promotional and trial subscribers to fully paid subs. We continue to see very healthy trial-to-pay conversion rates. So we actually see that as a compelling opportunity for the service both from an ARPU and an overall revenue perspective. We also expect to see continued improvement in the monetization of advertising on the essential tier of Paramount+. The essential tier is a significant portion of our subscriber base, both actually essential and premium, sort of balanced composition. But we have seen improvements in the ad ARPU, thats generated on the essentials tier as engagement continues to grow with the service and we expect that will continue as we add more and more content to Paramount+. And then longer term, we also see ARPU upside coming out of the ability to adjust price, as the content selection on the service continues to grow and as use of Paramount+ becomes even more habitual. And I think well probably get some tailwind in that regard from the category in general, where youre seeing pricing continue to move upward. So there will likely be opportunities for us to adjust price and still maintain our value proposition relative to others. So were very bullish about where ARPU can grow and it is, as I pointed out, definitely one of the key ingredients to how we grow the business from a little over $3 billion of D2C revenue today to $9 billion plus in 2024. Its not just about adding subscribers. Its about adding subscribers and growing ARPU. So we really like that equation and the growth that it can create.
Bob Bakish: Great. Thanks, Naveen, and thank all of you for your time, for your questions today. Its an important dialogue and its really an exciting time for the company we now call Paramount. Look, this is a time characterized by great momentum and its a time reflective of tremendous go-forward opportunity. So, again, we appreciate you joining us, we appreciate your continued support and wish everyone well. Well talk to you soon.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-04 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the ViacomCBS Conference Call. Todays call is being recorded. At this time, Id like to turn the call over to Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Anthony DiClemente. Please go ahead, sir.
Anthony DiClemente: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking the time to join us for our third quarter 2021 earnings call. Joining us for todays discussion are Bob Bakish, our President and CEO and Naveen Chopra, our CFO. Please note that in addition to our earnings release, we have trending schedules containing supplemental information available on our website. We want to remind you that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in more detail in our filings with the SEC. Some of todays financial remarks will focus on adjusted results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release or in our trending schedules, which contain supplemental information and in each case, can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Now, I will turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Bakish: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. On todays call, I will cover two key topics. First, I will briefly discuss ViacomCBSs third quarter results. Then I will talk about streaming, where we are executing against a global strategy that leans into our distinct competitive advantages and where our strong momentum shows how we are uniquely positioned for success. Let me start with the companys third quarter results, where we achieved another quarter of strong performance as total company revenue grew 13% year-over-year, reflecting growth across all revenue streams. In affiliate, revenue grew as we continued to benefit from the expanded distribution of ViacomCBSs renowned brands. We also struck a series of distribution renewals, including with Charter, Cox and just last month, Altice. And despite a tough comparison against political advertising in the prior year quarter, we grew advertising revenue in Q3, benefiting from an improved marketplace. Turning to streaming, we had another fantastic quarter of growth. The strength and momentum of both Paramount+ and Pluto TV are clearly evident and demonstrate the power of the strategy we laid out at our investor event earlier this year. Overall, quarterly global streaming revenue surpassed $1 billion for the first time, driven by robust growth in both subscription and advertising, including the addition of 4.3 million global streaming subscribers. These strong streaming results reinforce our conviction that our strategy is working and that we are well positioned to capture the significant opportunity in the global streaming ecosystem. To that end, I want to remind you of three key enablers driving the ViacomCBS strategy, all of which we are seeing in action: first, an incredible breadth and depth of compelling content, which is critical to attracting and retaining consumers globally; second, robust distribution and marketing, which ensures we can build the broadest reach and awareness; and third, a strong and flexible financial engine to enable streaming investment, drive ROI and maximize shareholder value. First, content. ViacomCBS is uniquely positioned with a vast library and production capabilities across genres, demos and geographies, including world-class studios aligned with broadly recognized brands, which enables us to produce a diversity of compelling and engaging content on a global scale, content thats already fueling Paramount+ growth. When we introduced Paramount+ 9 months ago, we told you it would be a differentiated product with broad appeal, composed of a full range of content, including news, sports, movies, kids and family, unscripted and original dramas. Our consumer data tells us the diversity of content on Paramount+ is a huge attraction and it is served as a key tool for customer acquisition as well as for driving customer satisfaction thus improving churn. As evidence, just look at the third quarter. Starting with kids and family content, which was the top genre on Paramount+ for both acquisition and engagement in the quarter. In fact, over half of our subscribers streamed kids and family content from our globally loved Nickelodeon brand. Whats even more impressive is that content consumption was balanced across new originals and library, both film and television, including enduring franchises like SpongeBob and PAW Patrol and young adult content, such as the new iCarly. Movies are also proving to be a key attraction to the service. And as we continue to experiment with different lease strategies, we are seeing success across all of them. This quarter, A Quiet Place Part II and PAW Patrol: The Movie were the top two titles for acquisition and engagement on Paramount+. And the results were impressive, both in theatrical and on Paramount+. And following the global success of PAW Patrol: The Movie, we are thrilled to announce the sequel, which will debut in 2023. In addition, a new PAW Patrol spin-off series for Nick and Paramount+ is in development. This is ViacomCBS franchise management ratcheting up to the next level. Next week, we have another family film day and date theatrical and Paramount+ Premier with Clifford the Big Red Dog, which is tracking very well. And finally, as we told you, we are also creating films exclusively for Paramount+. Just this past weekend, the latest Paranormal Activity Next Of Kin debut and we like how this model is working too. So clearly, movies are a hit for Paramount+ and they will continue to be, because Paramount+ is only one of a handful of streaming services in the world that can draw from an established and legendary movie studio like Paramount Pictures to provide it with a steady supply of world-class films. And then there is live sports. This quarter, we welcomed back the highly anticipated return of the NFL and soccer, including UEFA and the fans came back in droves. Look across it and you will find that one-third of all active domestic Paramount+ subscribers watch sports. And importantly, we are engaging with our sports fans after the game too. Building out the content slates of those genres that we know sports fans love from our long history with broadcast and cable. This is critical to maximizing our ROI on sports. And our Paramount+ content lineup is only getting stronger. The fourth quarter will see our biggest scripted original lineup yet. First up, from Yellowstone Creator and hit maker, Taylor Sheridan is Mayor of Kingstown starring Jeremy Renner. Next is the Yellowstone Prequel 1883, starring Tim McGraw and Faith Hill. We will launch both of these shows behind the most popular show on cable television, Yellowstone, introducing them to a weekly audience of over 7 million viewers to drive awareness and anticipation among the loyal fan base before they move exclusively to Paramount+. These are amazing series and will no doubt be fan favorites when released. And on November 25, Kyle, Stan, Kenny and Cartman will make their highly anticipated debut on Paramount+ as we exclusively premiere the first of our South Park made for streaming movies titled South Park post-COVID. And the second exclusive South Park made for streaming movie will stream in December. Moving from content to the second key enabler of our streaming success, which is leveraging ViacomCBSs robust distribution and marketing capabilities to build the broadest reach and awareness. We are benefiting from our broadcast, cable and social reach, driving consumers to Paramount+, which is both an efficient and effective way to promote our new and existing series, movies and events and streaming. Of course, that includes running spots and leveraging the social followings of our franchises and talent, but its much more than that. I already mentioned what we are doing with Taylor shows. We just moved SEAL Team exclusively to Paramount+ after 4 episodes ran on CBS. We moved Evil earlier in the year and we are doing similar things outside the U.S. as well. In terms of streaming distribution, you will see us continue to scale both new and traditional platforms. For example, we just announced a broad distribution agreement with T-Mobile to bring Paramount+ Essential to the carriers large customer base across the U.S. Suffice to say, we are thrilled to have T-Mobile welcome more fans to Paramount+s diverse and compelling content slate. But streaming is not just about the U.S. I really see our international footprint as a key accelerant for the company to unlock the very significant opportunity in streaming outside the United States. Here, we are rapidly making great strides. Last week, we launched Pluto TV in Italy, continuing its international expansion. This week, we announced an agreement to acquire a majority stake in Fox TeleColombia and Estudios TeleMexico, which, when combined with our existing assets, including Chilevisin and Telefe solidifies ViacomCBS as one of the largest Spanish language content creators in the world. On our last call in August, we announced a strategic partnership with Sky to launch Paramount+ in key Western European countries next year, including the UK, Germany and Italy, putting us on track to achieve 45 markets by the end of 2022. We have since announced Sky Showtime, a joint venture with Comcast, which will include premium and original content from both companies. Launching in 2022, Sky Showtime will reach an additional 20 European territories covering 90 million homes. The third enabler that positions us to win in streaming is our strong and flexible financial engine. Here, there are a number of elements to highlight. It starts with a streaming financial model based on multiple revenue streams, which enables us to monetize content both through advertising and subscription. Multi-revenue stream businesses have attractive characteristics when it comes to size and diversification. Multiple revenue streams made the cable network business extremely attractive. They will do the same for streaming and the total addressable market for streaming is even larger. Let me put our streaming ad business in context for you. As the leading free ad-supported streaming TV service on the market, Pluto TV is winning in both scale and engagement and it will be a $1 billion revenue business this year. Add to that global expansion and significant upside from our ad-supported version of Paramount+ and you have a long runway of streaming advertising growth ahead. And then there is subscription. This is already a huge market. And while its still early inning for us, our ViacomCBS business is well ahead of our long-term growth plan and we like what we see ahead. Our financial strength and flexibility is also reinforced by our ability to leverage our streaming content investment across geographies and platforms. Global is obviously important for content ROI and we are a global company, both as a content maker and as a network and streaming operator. Lastly, the combination of the strong cash flow of our legacy business: our aggressive approach to non-core asset dispositions and our capital raise earlier in the year has allowed us to build a substantial incremental capital base to invest in streaming. As we said we would, we began deploying that capital in the third quarter to accelerate our streaming growth. These investments have attractive returns and result in more original series and movies for streaming. As I mentioned earlier, we have a great content pipeline for Q4 and anticipate we will have a positive effect on our subscriber growth, which will be larger than in Q3. This will also be the case for Pluto MAUs in Q4. And as a reminder, we are also deploying this capital to drive our international expansion. Finally, I am excited to tell you we will hold an investor event early next year to provide an update on our streaming business, including showcasing our content to come and providing more transparency around our plans and progress. With that, I will hand it over to Naveen to share additional financial and operational highlights.
Naveen Chopra: Thank you, Bob and good morning everyone. Our third quarter results were highlighted by continued growth in streaming, where we had another solid quarter of subscriber additions. Streaming revenue grew 62% year-over-year with solid growth in both the subscription and advertising components of our streaming business. Q3 also benefited from growth in traditional advertising, affiliate revenue and content licensing. Let me start by providing some additional granularity on our streaming results, beginning with our subscription business and then moving to our ad-supported services. We added 4.3 million global streaming subscribers in the quarter, reaching nearly 47 million at quarter end. Paramount+ continues to drive the significant majority of new subscribers with a mix of both domestic and international customers. We also saw continued improvement in Paramount+ engagement. The average monthly share of domestic pay subscribers active on the service also known as our monthly active rate, grew in the quarter both sequentially and year-over-year. At the same time, average monthly hours per active domestic subscriber also improved quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. And in terms of monetization, global streaming subscription ARPU increased 8% year-over-year. The combination of strong subscriber growth and increased engagement led to streaming subscription revenue growth of 79% to $548 million. Moving to our ad-supported streaming businesses, Pluto TV ended Q3 with 54.4 billion global MAUs and revenue grew 99% year-over-year. Plutos success continues to be driven by growth in users, engagement and sell-through, which translated to a 60% increase in Pluto TV domestic ARPU in the quarter. While Pluto accounts for the majority of our streaming advertising revenue growth, we also saw strong growth at Paramount+, where domestic advertising revenue more than doubled in the quarter. All-in, streaming advertising revenue grew 48% year-over-year to $531 million. Advertising revenue, which excludes streaming, grew 1% in Q3 to $1.9 billion as strong demand was somewhat offset by ratings pressure, political spend that benefited the prior year quarter, as well as the sale of CNET. Taken together, the impact of political and the sale of CNET resulted in nearly 500 basis points of headwind to advertising growth in Q3. Looking to Q4, advertising revenue will benefit from the start of new fall programming and improved upfront pricing with the new broadcast season. While supply chain issues do somewhat limit visibility, we expect to see year-over-year advertising growth in Q4. Affiliate revenue, which also excludes streaming, grew 2% year-over-year to $2.1 billion as incremental distribution, contractual rate increases and growth in reverse comp more than offset the decline in pay TV subscribers. We expect these drivers to continue into Q4, resulting in another quarter of low single-digit affiliate revenue growth. Licensing and other revenue, which includes fees from the licensing of internally produced television and film programming to third-party platforms as well as fees generated from home entertainment, consumer products and live events, increased 18% to $1.5 billion. Q3 2021 reflects a higher volume of licensing deliveries in the year ago period, which was impacted by COVID-19 production shutdowns. Total company revenue grew 13% year-over-year to $6.6 billion. Adjusted OIBDA fell 3% to $1 billion as we continue to ramp up programming and production spend coming out of COVID and increase our investment in streaming. Adjusted diluted EPS was $0.76. Adjusted free cash flow was a use of $187 million in the quarter, reflecting a ramp in programming spend, including our investment in streaming. Adjusted free cash flow in Q4 should reflect a continuation of this trend. And turning to the balance sheet, we finished the quarter with $4.8 billion of cash on hand and total debt of $17.7 billion. This translates to a 2.5x net leverage ratio as of September 30. We continue to have significant financial flexibility, which will increase further with proceeds from asset sales, including BlackRock, which closed in October. Looking ahead, we expect total pay subscriber additions in Q4 to be higher than Q3, driven by the content we have coming to Paramount+, including the premier of some of our biggest new originals, as Bob just described. We are excited about the launch of our T-Mobile partnership, which will have a modest benefit in Q4, which should be a more significant contributor in 2022. We also expect Q4 Pluto TV MAU additions to be greater than Q3, which, in combination with Paramount+ growth, will result in continued strong total streaming revenue growth rates in Q4. In fact, we expect streaming revenue to surpass a $5 billion annual run-rate in the quarter. This places us ahead of the trajectory implied by the long-term streaming subscriber and revenue goals we provided earlier this year. We are encouraged by this momentum and are continuing to execute against our previously described growth and investment plans. As we have said before, this translates to streaming content expense more than doubling for the full year 2021 versus 2020. And given the cadence of content hitting Paramount+, Q4 streaming expense, including content and marketing to support the new programming, is expected to increase on the order of $350 million relative to streaming costs incurred in the third quarter of 2021. As Bob said, ViacomCBS is well-positioned to be successful in streaming, given the breadth and depth of content we have on the service, our robust distribution and marketing capabilities, and our strong and flexible financial engine. As we scale, improving unit economics and continued TAM expansion will make streaming accretive to ViacomCBS earnings and cash flow over the long-term. And as we invest against the streaming growth opportunity, we will evolve the way we manage and allocate resources in our business. With this in mind, we plan to change our segment reporting beginning with our first quarter 22 results, which will help investors better understand ViacomCBS as the combination of three parts: a very profitable traditional media business, a world class film studio and a portfolio of high growth global direct-to-consumer streaming services. Our direct-to-consumer segment will include Paramount+, Pluto TV, Showtime OTT and our other direct-to-consumer services. We will combine our TV entertainment and cable networks businesses into one TV media segment, and we will continue to have a filmed entertainment segment. Importantly, these changes reflect the increasing strategic focus we will be devoting to our direct-to-consumer business. Our new segment disclosure will provide additional information on the growth drivers and business performance of the services that comprise our B2C segment and give shareholders even greater visibility to our streaming progress. We look forward to discussing the changes to our segment disclosure in further detail, along with updates on our direct-to-consumer growth and investment plans at the investor event Bob noted and which we will host in the first quarter of 2022. With that, lets open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, well be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Brett Feldman with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question. 
Brett Feldman: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. Its actually a three-part question about the new T-Mobile deal, which looks pretty exciting. T-Mobile, they just reported earlier in the week, they had just under 27 million postpaid accounts, I just want to confirm that, thats sort of the addressable opportunity for you with T-Mobile. And then Im curious why youre expecting the impact to be more early next year, even though its going to start being offered in this quarter? The second part of the question is, typically, these are wholesale deals, where all of these customers would be paid and in your paid subscriber count, but maybe at a lower ARPU. And Im just curious if thats the arrangement here. And then the last one is a bigger one. This is now sort of your second big distribution deal following what youve done with Sky in Europe. I was hoping you can maybe give us some insights into what you think the opportunity is to continue adding more distribution partners, both domestically and in your international markets? Thanks.
Bob Bakish: Yes. Sure, Brett. Let me start and actually start in reverse order. So look, I believe in the power of partnership. It has been used effectively to create value  create value for this company in the past and will on a going-forward basis. Today, we talked about two partnerships: T-Mobile and Sky. I think they are great examples of creating value. And in all cases, when we think about partnership, what were looking for is an ability to drive scale. Were looking for low subscriber acquisition costs. Were looking for deals which will drive subscriber stickiness. And we want to align with great brands. And again, those are examples of both. So lets talk about T-Mobile a little bit since that was at the core of your question. Were thrilled with the deal we announced this morning. Its an efficient way for us to acquire Paramount+ subscribers. Its a partnership with a great consumer brand, and it will be additive to Paramount+s momentum. When I think about it, Id highlight two things, big picture. The first one is that the most important thing for Paramount+ now is exposing more consumers to the offering, particularly as were ramping content. So this deal obviously does that. And unlike most wireless promotions, this deal will be available to all T-Mo users. The second thing Id highlight is that the fit of Paramount+ and T-Mobile is excellent. Their un-carrier position speaks really to value and innovation that aligns with Paramount+. And the essentials product that were using is ideal. As you know, that product has content for the whole household. And it has an attractive price point of $4.99, which will really maximize downstream conversion after the promotional period, and the broader distribution of Paramount+ Essential fits well with driving our streaming ad business. So we think that all makes tremendous sense. And again, were very happy with this deal. Naveen, maybe you comment a bit more on the economics.
Naveen Chopra: Sure. Bob, happy to do that. Were definitely looking forward to showcasing all the new content weve got coming to Paramount+ in 2022 for all T-Mobile customers. So to your question about scope, yes, it  were excited to make this available to all the postpaid T-Mobile customers. We do think that the deal should accelerate sub growth for Paramount+, but it will build over time. Some of the reason behind that is that the really big broad awareness marketing campaign will mostly kick in, in 2022. And between now and then, were going to be doing some things to evolve and optimize the consumer sign-up experience. We like the economics of these deals. You asked about the impact on ARPU as is typically the case for these kinds of third-party bundles, they do come with slightly lower ARPU than what we would see on a direct basis. But we really like the LTVs of the subs that we can acquire through these types of deals. Those subs have lower churn and we get full access to all the relevant user data, which helps us further maximize lifetime value. And at the same time, SAC is very low. So that ratio between lifetime value and acquisition cost is really compelling. And given what were seeing with our trial-to-pay conversion rates, I think, we can really make some hay out of giving T-Mobile customers 12 months to experience all the great content that we are producing for Paramount+ and then having them roll to paid customers after that point in time.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks, Brett. Operator, we will take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Morris with Guggenheim Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Morris: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Ill ask a couple quickly. First, kind of following up on the T-Mobile question, Id ask the same thing about the Sky partnership for Paramount+, whether at this point, we have any more insight into the timing of the Western European launch there and how to think about sort of the immediate impact of the partnership or what the sort of steps are to kind of penetrate the addressable market there, what the timing might be? And then second, if I could just ask maybe Naveen a little bit more on the composition of the $47 million global streaming subs. Could you help us at all at this point with how many of those are Paramount+ and maybe within Paramount+ the mix of premium versus essentials as you look at the new sort of reporting that you just announced, is that something that maybe we work towards getting regular disclosure going forward? Thank you.
Bob Bakish: Yes, sure, Mike. So let me start and then Ill throw it to Naveen. On the Sky question, there is really two different kinds of partnerships with Sky that weve announced. The first one, you could think of as a bundle, and thats with Sky in the UK, in Germany and Italy. Its a commercial deal where Sky will distribute Paramount+ to all their Sky Cinema subscribers. And we look at that as a compelling way to accelerate penetration, but its a commercial deal. So we preserve a 100% ownership of the business. Like Naveen talked about with T-Mo, we believe that has really attractive SAC and churn characteristics. And importantly, in that deal, weve preserved our right to go direct in those markets as well to pursue additional opportunity because obviously, O&O direct is an important part of the streaming business. The second deal we announced with Sky is the Sky Showtime joint venture, thats really a deal with Comcast, obviously, as well. Thats 50-50 JV on an equity basis. Thats targeting 20 smaller, mostly Eastern European countries, which is additive to the 45 markets weve talked about for 22 historically. We see that  and that will be a single app combining ViacomCBS and Comcast product. And we look at that as a way for us to participate in these smaller markets while preserving investment capacity for the larger ones, which are more important strategically. Now in terms of timing of both of those, the Sky bundle will launch in the UK in the first half of 22, and that will be followed by Germany, Austria and Italy also in 22. Sky Showtime, weve yet to announce dates on that, but it will be in 22. So thats the story big picture. Naveen?
Naveen Chopra: Yes. So to your questions about composition of the streaming subscriber base, first, actually, I think, the last part of your question, we will be aiming to provide some incremental disclosure related to the breakdown of streaming subs as part of the changes in reporting for Q1 and beyond. So stay tuned for that. In terms of where we stand today, I can give you a little bit of color around some of what weve seen in terms of sub additions. I think I mentioned that a significant majority of additions in the quarter came from Paramount+. Id also note that Paramount+ domestic ads were higher in Q3 than they were in Q2. So even though thats the case, we do still have a nice contribution from international. And in terms of the split between Premium and Essentials, we dont break that out specifically, but they are both important contributors to the subs that we added in the quarter.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks a lot. Operator, we will take our next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan. Please, proceed with your question.
Alexia Quadrani: Hi, thank you. It sounds like movies are some of the biggest drivers to new subscribers based on your opening comments, Bob. Im wondering if that changes the way that you think about windowing are you less inclined to stay with a 45-day window. And my second question is just back to the investment in local language content youve made several acquisitions to bolster that content. Going forward, I think you see outsized investment in content outside the U.S. versus domestic or is it kind of  how should we think about it should be kind of even? Which markets do you see as sort of more competitive and maybe need more spending?
Bob Bakish: Yes, sure, Alexia. On the film windowing question, if you look at Paramount+ in the quarter, the third quarter, we actually deployed three different models. We deployed exclusive premiere. We deployed day in date. We deployed 45-day fast follow. And actually, we deployed the exclusive both in what was planned for a theatrical release and in a true made for. So were experimenting with a bunch of different models on the Paramount+ side based on what we think is best for a specific film, obviously, keeping in mind all the constituents involved in that. The reality is we see them all work. So its not a question of moving away from one or the other. Were going to continue to optimize on a per film basis, and were definitely not moving off the 45-day fast follow. If you look at A Quiet Place Part 2, that was a film that used that model, and it was very effective both in theatrical from a box office perspective, even with some of the COVID issues as well as a big sub-driver for Paramount+. And by the way, weve got plenty of consumption of a A Quiet Place Part 1 as well, which really points to the value of having a library to go along with, call it, new release product on Paramount+. So we will continue that. As I said in my remarks, the next film up this weekend is Clifford. That will be another day in date theatrical Paramount+ release. We think kids and family in this continued COVID time. Those films are ripe for day and date. Again, PAW Patrol worked very well, and were excited about Clifford. Moving to the second part of your question, which is around local content people think of ViacomCBS as a massive English language content creator and we obviously are. But for years, we have been creating content around the world to satisfy local consumers. You look at our company and you got hit originals coming out of Telefe, things like 100 Days to Fall in Love to catch a fee. These shows do like 40 plus shares in Latin America, certainly in Argentina. We also do a lot of format work all around the world, probably the best example of that, but not the only example  is our shores franchise, where we have many versions out there. And actually, when you look at that, what you see is our scale is not just in English. And I mentioned it, but in addition to English, were also one of the largest Spanish language producers in the world, and thats not something people typically talk about. When you think of streaming, which is I am sure at the core of your question, that provides an opportunity for us to leverage our experience in this ex-U.S. production as a real competitive advantage. And thats both to serve specific markets and have that strong local relevance, again, through characters and story lines, etcetera. But it also in the streaming space is to supply a larger aggregate global sleep where we also benefit from cost advantages. Were already using locally produced content to great effect in places like Latin America for streaming. I mentioned Shores, Acapulco Shore is a massive hit on Paramount+. And really, our next step is to exploit that content really the whole collection of content globally, where we integrate international productions into our global slate. That we start next month. Where the two Telefe shows I mentioned will become in a Paramount+. That will be the first of many. And likewise, were going to do some interesting things with formats, including cross-border for Paramount+. So local content is definitely core to our strategy, but its about much more than the local market. Its about feeding the global Paramount+ pipeline as well. Thanks.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks, Alexia. Operator, next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rich Greenfield with LightShed Partners. Please, proceed with your question.
Rich Greenfield: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Over the last several months, WarnerMedia moved away from Amazon channel. So youve seen essentially the biggest players in streaming: Disney, Netflix, Hulu, Apple TV, all sort of focus on D2C and a direct retail relationship with the consumer versus wholesaling through Amazon. I think if I look at ViacomCBS, I think youre the largest now of the remaining players on Amazon channels, who are using Amazon channels. Bob, Id love sort of your sort of high level kind of view on the puts and takes of being on Amazon versus going and being in sort of a wholesale relationship with the consumer versus fully direct? And should we think about as you start to focus more and more on streaming, will you move away from Amazon and go fully direct or is this something you like and you think others are actually incorrect in not being on Amazon  And it would be great to  if there is any way to frame how big Amazon is or things like Amazon are part of that $47 million, that would be great to understand as well? Thanks.
Bob Bakish: Yes. Sure, Rich. Look, its a great question. We continue to believe in broad and ubiquitous distribution really has a path to scale. And that includes wholesale relationships, including with the company you mentioned. Now look, there is obviously trade-offs in terms of a wholesale versus a direct relationship. Those trade-offs tend to be around requests for certain types of exclusivity, data access, margin. So its not a black-and-white question. The real question is, do you have deals in place, which makes sense relative to those considerations. And we gave a lot of thought to that. And by the way, that means we passed on some deals and some deals take longer to get done than certain people would like because the deal has to be right. But net-net, where we are in terms of balance, particularly as were focused on scaling, we continue to believe in the benefit of these wholesale relationships in terms really of providing access to the largest total addressable market, which we strongly believe offsets some of the other considerations, again, assuming you have the appropriate deal structure. So we like the balanced model. Of course, its something were going to continue to evaluate over time as we scale. But we see value to these distribution channels today.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks, Rich. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Hodulik with UBS. Please, proceed with your question.
John Hodulik: Great. Thanks, guys. Two things. First on the DTC content, Naveen, thanks for the color there, ramping to sounds like over $2 billion in 21. Is the $5 billion in 24 still the target? Any color on sort of how that ramps in 22? And how much of that is incremental to the whole company? And then secondly, the licensing revenues look strong again this quarter, and I know you guys benefited from easier comps. But Bob, youre talking about the business continuing to be a multi-revenue stream business. Just your view on sort of the future of that licensing business you have and how that fits into the broader D2C strategy? Thanks.
Naveen Chopra: Yes, sure. John, Ill jump in there first on the content spend. The $5 billion, as you said, is our sort of where were tracking on a long-term basis. I think I would remind you that that is not entirely incremental to total company content spend. And so while we are expecting to see material increases in streaming content expense, I mentioned the doubling from 2020 to 2021 and then growing further to over $5 billion by 2024, not all of that is entirely incremental because as the linear business continues to evolve, there will be remixing between linear and streaming. I think youve heard me say before that there is a lot of content that does double duty for us on both linear and streaming platforms. And I think at the end of the day, we are very focused on the ROI of those content investments. We continue to see content investment as the single greatest way to continue to grow customer LTVs both through increased engagement and lower churn. And were already seeing evidence of that in our results since the launch of Paramount+. So it makes total sense for us to continue to invest behind it. And then I think the second question is on content licensing?
Bob Bakish: Yes. Look, I will take the licensing side. We have obviously been in the licensing business for a long time. As a reminder, content licensing revenue for ViacomCBS has a bunch of different components in it. As Naveen mentioned in his remarks, it includes home entertainment, includes TV syndication, it includes consumer products, and of course, it includes licensing of content more broadly. When you look at  so I would say two things. One is we are in the licensing business, but two is that business is, for sure, evolving. So, when you look at the Q3 results, and yes, there was a whole bunch of growth there. The growth was heavily COVID related. We had many deliveries that were delayed due to production shutdowns. So, there is definitely some catch-up in Q3. And then the other thing thats going on is, if you looked at the prior year quarter, particularly internationally, particularly in the ad-supported network space, you had many people that had hunkered  many buyers that had hunkered down and we are preserving cash given the uncertainty of the revenue situation. As the ad market has rebounded, those companies have moved to refresh their content lineups so that they can satisfy their consumers with new product versus kind of running these brackets off what they had at the time. And thats certainly a driver of the growth. The third thing is there are a bunch of original series deliveries in there. What you need to understand about that is those are fulfillment of deals that were really predating the launch of Paramount+. So, that might be a third season of a show we are doing for someone. It might be a first season of a show we are doing for someone that took 2-plus years to create. So, while our strategy has shifted to become much more focused on owned and operated streaming with our franchises, etcetera. There is a tail to the, call it, legacy deals we have done, and you do see that showing up in the third quarter.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks John. Operator, next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Ehrlich with Bank of America Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thanks. A content question, like could you talk about your evolving strategy for Paramount in context of the whole company growth, so both film and direct-to-consumer? And then, I guess two short follow-ups. For the  for Paramount+, what  can you give us color on your ad lite ARPU? So, whats the ARPU with advertising versus subscription only? And then you talked a little bit about asset sales, but in Simon & Schuster, given the governments response, where do you go from here?
Bob Bakish: Yes. So, a bunch of stuff in there, Jessica, let me start. On content and Paramount, presumably Paramount Pictures, we obviously made a management change there. I m very excited to have Brian in the chair, Jim obviously got us to a better place financially and really stabilized the studio. But as we look at the next chapter, we need to lean in more into franchises. We need to lean more into a multifaceted model, including, of course, streaming. And I think Brian, as both a content creator and a collaborator is ideally suited to that and is already moving quickly to prove that value. In terms of the evolution of the slate, Brian is working on that. I think the good news is we have a very well stock slate as we enter 2022, for sure, great pictures in the can, which hopefully the theatrical market will continue to improve. It has been improving, particularly at the younger end. And that slate will provide tremendous benefit theatrically. And we remain committed to theatrical, but also in downstream windows, including the fast follow strategy we are using for Paramount+ Pay1. You did see us announce a PAW Patrol sequel which speaks to franchises. But I am very excited about where Paramount Pictures is going to go. It clearly is an important part of the company as a content engine. And its clearly in early days, but clearly benefiting Paramount+ as well. Let me take the last part of your question, too, which is the Simon & Schuster one, and then I will throw it to Naveen. On Simon & Schuster, really, I just want to reiterate the statements that we and Penguin Random House made earlier in the week. We do believe the transaction will be beneficial for consumers, booksellers and authors. We think the DOJs claims are without merit. I am not going to get into any legal arguments here. But I will say, as we have disclosed, under our sale agreement, Penguin Random House has agreed to take all necessary steps to attain the required regulatory approval, including defending through  defending any litigation. And so they and we will vigorously defend this lawsuit. Naveen?
Naveen Chopra: Yes. So, to the question on ARPU is between the essential and premium tiers for Paramount+. A couple of important points. Number one, the ARPUs between those tiers are really not as different as you might think because of the advertising contribution in the essential tier. I think you have heard us comment about the fact that we see a lot of momentum in the digital advertising component, which is one of the things we really like about that plan. And in fact, in Q3, the delta between ARPU on the essential tier and the premium tier continued to narrow. And second major point is that ultimately, we are focused on making sure that our customers are in whichever tier is going to make them the most sticky, meaning we are less focused on the ARPU because in the long run, the bigger determinant of lifetime value is actually the expected life of the customer. So, its all about getting them in the tier where they are going to stick around the longest.
Anthony DiClemente: Great. Thanks Jessica. Operator, next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Ben Swinburne: Good morning. Bob, you talked a lot about different content verticals for streaming. I wanted to ask you about sports. How is the NFL and sort of your sports line outperforming? Are you looking to add sports rights? And are there international strategies around adding sports to your streaming portfolio over time? And then I will just ask my follow-up now to Naveen. On the new segments next year. I realize its a ways out. But I am assuming that includes EBITDA, so we are going to be getting the direct-to-consumer segment EBITDA number. And to your point earlier about content traveling I guess you will be using some sort of allocation between segments on programming that lives in both places. Just was wondering if you could give us some more color there. So, its obviously an interesting addition to the sort of disclosures. Thank you.
Bob Bakish: Yes, sure. So look, I think the best way to think about the sports question is to talk about how Paramount+ consumption has evolved since the transformation. So, we obviously transformed it from CBS All Access nine months ago. And in doing so, made two really big moves, which is adding kids and family content and films, really, at scale. And that has dramatically changed the composition of subscriber acquisitions as well as engagement. Those categories were essentially zero in the CBS All Access days, and now they are very material. And they stand alongside, really, CBS, both entertainment and sports. So, as you talk about sports, there is no question it continues to be a really important category for us. In my remarks, I mentioned the power of the NFL and UEFA, by the way, pro-college football in there. Two, they have continued to perform for us. In fact, both the NFL and UEFA set in-house streaming records when they returned for Paramount+. So, super happy with that. Again, part of  versus being focused on deepening that collection of sports, what we are focusing on is getting really an ROI from that sports and taking advantage of what I would call a conjoint analysis of what else does sports consumers watch. And by the way, the answer to that question tends to be, believe it or not, reality, adult animation and of course, scripted shows. So, we are working on ensuring customer satisfaction of those sports fans and roughly a third of people on Paramount+ have watched sports to go and make sure we are extending that lifetime value. So, thats our principal focus today, certainly, in the U.S. Ex-U.S., we dont really have a significant sports component. We have some trials underway like in Australia with Australia  Australian football, but we dont really start with a cornerstone right. So, we are evaluating where to go with that. Naveen?
Naveen Chopra: Yes. Ben, to your question on what to expect in terms of the new segment reporting, let me share a couple of thoughts. We are obviously making those changes because we are really evolving the way that we are managing the business, and we are increasingly thinking about it as the three parts that we outlined, that traditional media business that combines broadcast and cable networks, which is sort of a lower growth, but a very healthy margin business. The movie studio, which as you know is a core source of content for both our theatrical and streaming platforms. And then that D2C segment, which is the portfolio of a bunch of high-growth businesses where we are still in investment mode, but very bullish about the future growth potential. So yes, we will have those as fully independent segments, meaning the presentation will allow you to see the earnings power of our traditional businesses independent from the investment and contribution from streaming. And I think that will reveal a couple of important things. Number one, it will give you a holistic view of the direct-to-consumer business all the way through the P&L, to your question. And I think it will also demonstrate that earnings in our core business are relatively stable and materially higher than our consolidated OIBDA. So, I think it will be helpful to investors to look at the business in that way and get a much more accurate picture of how the different parts are evolving.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks Ben. Operator, next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Doug Mitchelson: Thanks so much. I guess my question, my follow-up. Is the funnel from Pluto to Paramount+ sort of working as you hoped? And is there more to go there? And I think its part of that, you made the Paramount+ Showtime bundle permanent recently after sort of a trial period. Any early results from that and any long-term path to just merging those services? And my follow-up for Naveen is, could you give us a sense this year that over $2 billion for content spending, thats amortization, right? Can you give us a sense of the cash versus book difference for streaming content spend and how we should think about that going forward? Understanding that there might be linear content spending coming down, I would appreciate it. Thanks.
Bob Bakish: Yes, Doug. So look, we have a differentiated strategy and one we believe is right for our company and right for the times. And that strategy spans both free and pay, which gives us access to the largest total addressable market opportunity. As you know, there is many types of consumers out there. Some people dont want to pay on one extreme. And on the other extreme, there are heavy users that are fine with paying very significant, call it, monthly bills for entertainment content. Both of those segments or all the segments are a very material size. And the products we have in the space, in this case, Paramount+ on one hand and Pluto on the other, and I will come to Showtime, are differentiated in their space because they are both broad products. We definitely believe there are synergies across this. As you noted, Pluto as a free top-of-the-funnel service using our Paramount+ PIC channel, as an example, which showcases Paramount+ shows, likewise, exhibiting Showtime originals, first episodes, etcetera, both are good for subscriber acquisition. And then in the context of Paramount+ and Showtime in the U.S., those are two services with very, very low overlap in sub base. And so we believe a bundled strategy to the consumer could create some value. And as you know, we launched that product. There are other synergies in this business, too, particularly on the ad side. When you look across Pluto and Paramount+, and you heard Naveen talk about the growth rates of both of those ad businesses, obviously, those ad businesses need to be fueled by impression growth, and both of those businesses are growing impression. So, we like that combination. We believe there is early evidence of synergy across that combination, and we will continue to push that. In terms of Showtime and Paramount+ combined, as you know, we are doing that outside the United States. We think that will be really interesting to get some kind of real data on. But at the same time, they have very distinct brand positionings in the United States. Both are doing well, including Showtime OTT, thats really offsetting pressures in the linear business. And again, it has a very distinct positioning has a great content slate whether its shows like Billions or the L Word or The Chi, new hits like Your Honor. Dexter, I was at the Red Carpet premiere earlier in the week and the return of that. So, Showtime continues to do very well, and we like this multifaceted configuration.
Naveen Chopra: And real briefly on  to your question on the content expense, yes, the $2 billion is expense, not cash. We have not provided any specific color in terms of the long-term cash profile there. I cant tell you that in terms of Q4. I spoke in my prepared remarks about the trend on that expense between Q3 and Q4. And I would note that from a cash perspective, the increase in Q4 will probably be more modest than what we are seeing from an expense perspective.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks so much Doug. Operator, we have time for one final question.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question this morning comes from the line of Robert Fishman with MoffettNathanson. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Fishman: Thank you and good morning. Yes, just one on the supply chain. So, any impact that you can help share on auto or any other verticals on your portfolio, broadcast, cable networks, the local stations and even Pluto? And then more broadly, if you can discuss how the fourth quarter ad market is looking and any early cancellations you have seen for next quarter? Thank you.
Bob Bakish: Yes, sure. Happy to talk about it. Let me start by saying we were super happy with Q3 in our ad business. We delivered growth in our advertising line, which as a reminder, excludes streaming ad revenue. And really strong growth when you combine both the advertising line and the streaming advertising line, we are up about 9% versus prior year, and we are up versus 2019 as well. But the meat of your question is really whats going on today. So, looking at the fourth quarter, we see a combination of headwinds and tailwinds in the quarter. On the headwinds side, we do have some record political comps that we are up against. And yes, some supply chain-driven softness as we sit here today. You mentioned the auto category. There is definitely some softness there. There is some softness in sort of physical tech-related products. What I would say is that this softness translates into people wanting to shift spending out of it to better align with anticipated product availability we are not seeing cancellations. So, its more of a shift to better meet when they think their product is going to be available to consumers. At the same time, there are some tailwinds in the quarter, which we are happy about. Obviously, strong upfront pricing kicking in from the last upfront benefit of new fall season, including live sports and live sports, a big scatter driver. When we look at the quarter, we do expect strong growth relative to prior year and 2019 on a combined advertising and streaming advertising basis. So, despite some of these supply chain issues, we still see nice growth. If we look a little bit further out, we dont really know at the end of the day how this supply chain issue, the timing of it reverting. But when it does come back, we do see the potential for upside as clients will now need to move product thats been stuck. We also have a great election cycle, I am sure, coming in 2022, at least from an advertising perspective. And big picture, we really like our proposition, which combines linear and our EyeQ Digital as really being able to solve marketers problems. And by the way, EyeQ is already 25% of our business. So, we are tracking through it, but we are happy with our position in the ad market. Now with that, I just close by saying these are really exciting times for ViacomCBS. We are executing well. We do have tremendous momentum, including with Paramount+ and Pluto TV. Both of those products are really delivering for us. And when we look forward, we have what it takes to succeed in streaming. We have this incredible breadth and depth of compelling content. We have robust distribution and marketing capabilities, and we have a strong and flexible financial engine. And that, in turn, represents a tremendous shareholder value creation opportunity. So, we are really excited about the future. We look forward to telling you more about it, including at our investor event early next year. So, thanks all for joining us and stay well.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks, operator. That concludes our Q3 earnings call.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-05 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Viacom Conference Call. Todays call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Anthony DiClemente. Please go ahead, sir
Anthony DiClemente: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for taking the time to join us for our second quarter 2021 earnings call. Joining me for today's discussion are Bob Bakish, our President and CEO; and Naveen Chopra, our CFO. Please note that in addition to our earnings release, we have trending schedules containing supplemental information available on our website. I want to remind you that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in more detail in our filings with the SEC. Some of today's financial remarks will focus on adjusted results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release or in our trending schedules, which contain supplemental information and in each case, can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Now I will turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Bakish: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. I am pleased to report that ViacomCBS once again delivered in the second quarter of 2021. The companys continued momentum is evident from robust revenue growth in advertising and affiliate sales to a phenomenal content driven trajectory of our flagship streaming services Paramount Plus, SHOWTIME OTT and Pluto TV, which clearly demonstrates of our streaming strategy across pay, premium and free is working. And we expect this momentum to continue in the second half of the year. On today's call, I'll cover three topics. First, I'll briefly discuss ViacomCBSs strong Q2 results, where weve reported operating strength and year-over-year revenue improvement. Second, I'll highlight the company's momentum in streaming and the underlying content drivers. And finally, I'll discuss our go-forward global streaming expansion. Then I'll hand it over to Naveen to provide additional financial and operational details before opening it up for Q&A. Let me start with the company's second quarter results, where we achieved another quarter of solid performance as total company revenue grew 8% year-over-year to $6.6 billion. Here I want to highlight a few important items from an operating standpoint. In advertising, which remember exclude streaming, revenue grew 24% benefiting from the return of a range of sports programming, material improvement in the ad market and strong execution. Q2, 2021 obviously looked very different than Q2 of 2020. And we were happy with our ability to convert this into strong revenue performance. Speaking of advertising, I'm pleased to say we saw very strong demand in the upfront, which led to historic levels of linear price increases, plus an ability to drive a significant volume towards our premium digital video inventory. The upfront was a perfect platform for ViacomCBS to unlock value from its leadership position, a position underpinned by premium content and a robust client centric approach to ad solutions, combined with offerings spanning both linear and IQ, our premium digital video advertising platform, and the results speak for themselves. In affiliate, which also excludes streaming revenue 9% for the quarter? And since the close of Q2, weve renewed and expanded multiyear distribution deals with both Charter Communications and Cox Communications. Our recent agreements demonstrate how these affiliate relationships have evolved to become more modernized and include streaming elements as well. These recent deals, along with others ViacomCBS has executed, including Dish, Verizon, YouTube TV and Hulu. Further demonstrate the demand for our continent brands and the strength of our company. And in theatrical revenue reached $134 million thanks to theaters reopening and the success of A Quiet Place Part II, which is also now streaming on Paramount Plus. Speaking of streaming, we saw impressive global growth, with revenue almost doubling year-over-year to nearly $1 billion with strong performance across all metrics. Streaming advertising revenue more than doubled year-over-year reaching $502 million in the second quarter. This growth was led by Pluto TV, where global monthly active users grew to over 52 million and revenue more than doubled year-over-year for the fourth consecutive quarter. The growth is remarkable. And we now in fact expect Pluto TV to comfortably generate more than $1 billion in revenue this year. The power of Pluto TV is unquestionable. More consumers are spending more time with Pluto than ever enjoying the now over 200,000 hours of content available on the platform in the U.S., which is doubled in the past year. And its integration into our advertising portfolio is compelling to our clients and the agencies that represent them. So it's no surprise Pluto TV continues to be the leading free ad supported streaming television service in the market. Streaming subscription revenue also accelerated growing 82% year-over-year, driven by strong subscriber growth fueled by Paramount Plus. In the quarter, we added 6.5 million global streaming subscribers, our largest number yet bringing our total global streaming subscribers to over 42 million. These results further demonstrate the strength of our diverse content portfolio and the universal appeal of Paramount Plus. Its clear ParamountPlus is resonating with consumers both in the U.S. and internationally. And that's because it's a differentiated product with real competitive advantages. It has something for everyone. And we saw strong subscriber acquisition and engagement across a variety of different joiners. For kids and young adults, we saw tremendous viewership for the new iCarly series, which was a leading acquisition driver in the quarter, and which was just renewed for season two. We also saw continued strength from a range of kid favorite Nickelodeon franchises, including SpongeBob, Rugrats, Paw Patrol and more. In film, Infinite starring Mark Wahlberg premiered exclusively on Paramount Plus in June, and was one of the top engagement drivers. Additionally, we saw a nice uptick in overall film engagement with users as we added over 1,000 movies to our extensive film library. In sports and news, the UEFA Champions League was a top acquisition driver, while news including CBSN continues to generate meaningful engagement. In scripted Why Women Kill, Evil and NCIS drove significant acquisition, engagement and consumption this quarter. NCIS in particular continues to perform well. Now a top five driver of both engagement and consumption on the platform. And finally, unscripted has growing momentum. Where shows with strong and devoted fan bases like RuPaul on the challenge did very well in driving new subscribers and consumption respectively. Added up and you see our strategy of building a multi-jonor, broad content offering is clearly working. And as the breadth of content expands, the average age on Paramount Plus continues to get younger, decreasing two years since last quarter to 35. In fact, this diverse array of content often appeals to multiple people in the same household, and can therefore be a powerful tool to not only drive subscribers, but also reduce churn over time. In short, by putting the full power of ViacomCBS behind Paramount Plus, we're beginning to see the massive potential this service has. Also in June, we watched the ad supported Paramount Plus essential plan. This version of Paramount Plus has a lower price point of 499 a month, appealing to more cost conscious consumers and thereby increasing the size of Paramount Pluss total addressable market. In addition, it provides advertisers with a new option to reach valuable consumers in a high quality environment, something our recent upfront experience demonstrated was very compelling. While it's early days, Paramount Plus is clearly working, which is why we're continuing to invest to deliver on its promise and potential. To that end, looking ahead, we have amazing content coming to the service. And we will continue to scale volume across the range of joiners that together differentiate Paramount Plus kids, sports, unscripted, scripted and film. To give you a sense, here are some examples of what's coming to the surface between now and the end of the year. Right now in film, we're streaming A Quiet Place Part II. This is the first title in our fast follow from theatrical strategy and is doing very well. On August 20, Paw Patrol the movie will premiere day-in-date in both theaters and on Paramount Plus. We're excited about a day-in-date strategy for this title and this audience in today's marketplace, and we're supporting it with a robust marketing campaign, which includes our consumer products presence at retail. In sports, we're thrilled that a new season of Serie A soccer, our first with the franchise will begin in late August. And we've also recently added new seasons of compelling reality and docu series to the service, including Big Brother, Love Island and just last week the return of the iconic Behind the Music series. Of course in September, we have the return of the NFL, and the folks at CBS and Paramount Plus are gearing up for some amazing collaboration. Additionally, we have a great fall lineup on CBS, including the expansion of some key franchises like NCIS Hawaii, CSI Vegas, and FBI International, all of which are also streaming on Paramount Plus. And I'm thrilled to announce that we've extended our deal with Trey Parker and Matt Stone through 2027, bringing South Park to Comedy Central through season 30. In addition, Trey and Matt will be doing 14 South Park original movies exclusively for Paramount Plus, two of which will premiere this year, and then two more every year through the term of the deal. And later this year, we have big new scripted series premiering like Taylor SheridansY1883 the origin story of the number one scripted show on cable Yellowstone, as well as Taylor's newest series Mayor of Kingstown and more. From a promotional standpoint, we'll leverage our linear platforms as subscriber acquisition vehicles. For example, Y:1883 and Mayor of Kingstown will premiere on the Paramount network behind Yellowstone for two episodes each, then move over exclusively to Paramount Plus. We will use the same strategy on CBS with SEAL team. Turning to premium streaming, SHOWTIMEOTT had another strong quarter, delivering one of the best quarters for signups while generating its second best quarter ever for streams and hours watched on the service. Viewers were highly engaged, driven by hits like the fourth season of the Chai, the series finale of Shameless and the Floyd May weather versus Logan Paul boxing event among others. Looking forward, the content lineup for SHOWTIME is strong. We have the premiere of Yellow jackets a dramatic show that is part the psychological horror part survival story. We also have of the return of Dexter and Billions, both of which will have some creative product and marketing campaigns associated with these next seasons. In fact, Billions promotional campaign will include availability on Paramount Plus, where we will have the first three seasons. In addition, we will offer a bundle of SHOWTIME and Paramount Plus at a discounted price to expand the reach of both services. That brings me to my third topic, global expansion. ViacomCBS has long been active outside of the United States, with operations on the ground all around the world. That global orientation now and competence streaming, where we are leveraging our existing business footprint and relationships to enable rapid expansion of our streaming offerings. As an example, today, we're pleased to announce a new comprehensive and expanded deal with Sky covering the U.K., Italy, Ireland, Germany, Switzerland and Austria. This deal includes carriage renewals for our linear services, as well as renewals for our existing ad sales representation deals, plus robust launches of our streaming services to their sub base in all the countries in 2022. This is a powerful deal. Not only does it extend important benefits and economics from our legacy business, but it's also a game changer for Paramount Plus in these markets. By unlocking previously exclusive the Sky content for use on Paramount Plus, and providing Paramount Plus with a very significant subscriber base at launch. In these markets from a content perspective, Paramount Plus will be the exclusive home for new SHOWTIME series and Paramount Plus originals. It will be the co-exclusive with Sky home of Paramount Pay One movies. The service will also be the exclusive streaming home of our most popular kid franchises, Paw Patrol and SpongeBob Square Pants. And it will have a very substantial library offerings from across ViacomCBS. What excites me is our ability to work with a key partner supporting both the traditional ecosystem and in transitioning consumers from linear to streaming in a way that is a creative to ARPU. Importantly, the deal preserves our ability to pursue DTC opportunities in these markets. Stepping back to the big picture with our upcoming launch in Australia and New Zealand, I'm thrilled to report we've reached our goal of expanding Paramount Plus into 25 markets in 2021. And we're well on our way to 45 markets by the end of 2022. Simultaneously, we're continuing to drive Pluto's international growth. We recently launched on Clara Android in Brazil, a mobile service with an eligible user base of 32 million users. And in 2022, we expect Pluto TV to launch in additional markets, including the Nordics, Benelux, Canada, Poland and more. We're thrilled with our international streaming progress and momentum in Q2. And we continue to see a massive opportunity to capitalize on our global content capabilities and infrastructure to further capture the global streaming opportunity. I know from my decade running our international business that every market is different and often requires different strategies and partnerships to succeed. We are executing with that in mind. And for sure, you will see us continue to lean in and allocate capital to what is a very large and high growth total addressable market in streaming internationally. With that, I'll hand it over to Naveen to dive into our financials. Naveen.
Naveen Chopra: Thank you, Bob. And good morning, everyone. As Bob mentioned, our second quarter results were highlighted by robust growth in streaming, where we had another quarter of record subscriber additions. Growth rates for both streaming subscription and streaming advertising revenue accelerated from their already strong Q1 levels, taking overall streaming revenue to 92% year-on-year growth. Q2 also benefited from strong performance in advertising and affiliate revenue. Ill unpack our streaming results by sharing additional color on audience growth, engagement and monetization. Starting with our subscription businesses, and then moving to our ad supported services. We added $6.5 million global streaming subscribers in the quarter, taking us to more than $42 million global streaming subscribers. SHOWTIMEOTT enjoyed one of its best quarters ever in terms of new signups. But like last quarter, the significant majority of our new subscribers are from Paramount Plus, including a mix of both domestic and international subscribers. In fact, we were increasingly bullish about the international market opportunity for Paramount Plus, as evidenced by our Q2 results, and our newly announced partnership with Sky. Financially speaking, this type of deal provides a capital efficient way for us to quickly build scale and awareness in new markets. Bundles with international partners bring low churn and highly efficient acquisition costs. Moreover, as Bob pointed out, ARPUs are meaningfully accretive to the linear affiliate revenue we are replacing. In addition to strong subscriber growth, we also saw continued improvement in customer engagement and retention, as the breadth of our content portfolio continues to expand. For example, for Paramount Plus domestic trial that pay conversion, monthly hours per active and monthly churn all improve measurably in Q2 on both a sequential basis and year-over-year. In terms of monetization, we saw healthy streaming subscription ARPU growth of 4% in Q2, versus the Q1 level. The combination of strong subscriber growth and increased engagement powered year-over-year streaming subscription revenue growth of 82% to $481 million. Moving on to streaming advertising. Here, our growth was led by Pluto TV. As at quarter-end, Pluto TV reached more than 52 million global MAUs across 25 countries. Pluto's revenue grew 169% in the quarter. This tremendous expansion of the business has been driven by growth in users engagement and sell through. Domestic watch time per MAU increased 45% year-over-year in Q2, and Pluto TV domestic ARPU more than doubled year-over-year, benefiting from a double-digit percentage increase in effective CPMs and significant improvement in sell through. This enhanced monetization reflect both strong demand for Pluto TVs high quality connected TV inventory, and efficiency benefits from the Q2 launch of open header bidding. While Pluto remains the largest component of our IQ digital advertising platform, we are optimistic about the growth potential for advertising on Paramount Plus, an early results are encouraging. In fact, in Q2, Paramount Plus domestic advertising revenue more than doubled versus a year ago. Benefiting from user growth along with a high teens percentage increase in streaming advertising ARPU per active sub. We believe we're just scratching the surface of the Paramount Plus advertising opportunity as user and engagement growth alongside product enhancements should add supply for this highly valuable digital video inventory. When you put it all together this quarter, the combination of Pluto TV, Paramount Plus, and other IQ platforms, drove streaming advertising revenue to $502 million representing 102% year-over-year growth. Advertising revenue, which excludes streaming grew 24% in Q2 to $2.1 billion, benefiting from both the return of the NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament, as well as timing shifts of this year's professional golf tournaments. This quarter strong growth rate was also a function of improvement in demand, and record scatter pricing compared with the COVID impacted quarter a year ago. Affiliate revenue, which excludes streaming grew 9% to $2.1 billion, where we benefited from distribution deals and renewals that provide incremental carriage and improved economics, which more than offset changes in the number of pay television subscribers. Even excluding the impact of incremental distribution deals, we saw modest improvements in subscriber trends in Q2, as we did in Q1. Licensing and other revenue fell 36% to $1.2 billion, as the year ago period included a significant licensing deal for South Park. Adjusting for the 21 percentage point impact of the South Park deal. Licensing and other revenue would have been down about 15%, which reflects COVID impacted content availability and our ongoing efforts to limit licensing to third-party streaming services. Total company revenue grew 8% year-over-year to 6.6 billion. Adjusted OIBDA fell 25% to $1.2 billion in the quarter. Again, year-over-year, growth rates for revenue and adjusted OIBDA were impacted by the comparison to the year ago period, which included a significant contribution from the licensing of South Park. Excluding the 9 and 30 percentage points South Park impact respectively, Q2 revenue growth would have been 17% year-over-year and adjusted OIBDA growth would have been 5% year-over-year as revenue growth and ongoing cost management more than offset increased investment in streaming. Adjusted diluted EPS was $0.97 in the quarter, and Q2 adjusted free cash flow was $75 million. Moving to the balance sheet, we finished the quarter with $5.4 billion of cash on hand and total long-term debt of $17.7 billion, this translates to a 2.4 times net leverage ratio as of June 30. We have significant financial flexibility, which will increase with net proceeds of $2 billion from the sale of Simon & Schuster, which is on track to close in 2021, subject to regulatory approval. We continue to believe investing in our streaming growth opportunity is our best use of capital. And we are starting to execute across the streaming growth vectors we previously described. As Bob highlighted, we are investing even more in original content for Paramount Plus. Our long-term multi format deals with Alex Kurtzman, Taylor Sheridan, and the creators of South Park exemplify compelling opportunities to bring heavyweight franchise IP with global appeal exclusively to Paramount Plus. We are accelerating international expansion, as evidenced by our plan to launch Paramount Plus in 45 markets by the end of 2022. And aided by strategic partnerships, like the one we announced with Sky today, which will accelerate our growth plans in the U.K., Italy and Germany. And we continue to reduce the amount of original content we make for and licensed to third-party streamers, instead focusing more of our creative assets on in-house streaming services. Beyond investing in streaming, we use excess cash to pay our dividend, manage leverage and fund opportunistic M&A, which bolsters our streaming growth ambitions, similar to our 2020 investment in MIRAMAX and our pending acquisition of Chilevisin, which we anticipate closing in Q3. Looking ahead to the third quarter, we expect to see continued strong year-over-year streaming growth in both the subscription and advertising parts of the business. In Q3, Paramount Plus will benefit from the strong content lineup Bob described as well as the rollout of our SHOWTIME Paramount Plus bundle. International growth will be aided by our launch at Paramount Plus in Australia and the launch of additional distribution partnerships. And we expect Pluto TV to see continued growth in engagement and further improvement in monetization, in addition to MAU growth from international market launches, as it continues till March to over a $1 billion in revenue for full year 2021. Average advertising in the back half of the year will continue to benefit from a robust market. So year-on-year trends will be compared to the return of demand in Q3, 2020 as we ramped out of COVID and benefited from record political spent. Advertising growth will improve when new upfront pricing kicks-in for Q4. We expect affiliate revenue growth in the back half of 21 to slow as we lapped the benefit of new distribution from YouTube TV, and the timing of other affiliate renewals, which started in Q2 of 2020. We expect to return to growth in content licensing revenue, largely driven by increased licensing of TV content for linear distribution. Looking further out, our enthusiasm for streaming continues to grow. Streaming revenue and subscriber growth are pacing ahead of our expectations and streaming will represent close to 15% of total company revenue in 2021, and will become an even bigger share of revenue next year. This momentum tells us that our investment thesis is solid and can unlock significant incremental growth. In pursuit of this growth, we continue to expect streaming content expense will more than double in 2021. relative to our 2020 spend, as we deliberately transition linear content expense to streaming content expense. We are confident the streaming investments we are making will yield compelling ROI. You can see some of the early proof points in this quarter's results. And we are bullish about where we can go from here. Moreover, we are excited about the long-term shareholder value we can create. With that, let's open the call for questions.
Bob Bakish: Operator, we'll take our first question.
A - Naveen Chopra: We cant hear the question?
Bob Bakish: Operator. Brett Feldman do you live? If so, go ahead with your question.
Naveen Chopra: We're not getting?
Bob Bakish: Operator? Operator, we heard a little bit of noise. Are you there? Guys, we're trying to resolve problem -- technical problem with the operator. So hopefully you can hear us the operator is working on it. Just hang with us. Thank you. [Technical Difficulty]..
Operator: Gentlemen, thank you for standing-by. Mr. Feldman, Mr. Feldman. Your line is open, sir. Please give us your question.
Brett Feldman: Great. Can you guys hear me?
Naveen Chopra: Yes.
Bob Bakish: Yes, we can. Sorry about that.
Brett Feldman: Outstanding. All right. Two questions. If you don't mind. The first one is for Bob. Obviously seeing continued M&A. And your company has been cited as a potential merger partner in a lot of these media reports. So my first question for you is, do you need more scale? And how do you think about the metrics gaining it via M&A or partnerships? And then the second question is for Naveen, I was hoping you can give us a little bit of insight on the uptake that you've seen in the new ad light tier ParamountPlus, was it meaningful to the net ads you had in the quarter, and any insight you can give them where the ARPU is trending there would be appreciated? Thank you.
Bob Bakish: Yes, sure. Brett, let me take the first part. So look, we continue to be extremely excited about the momentum and go-forward potential of our organic strategy, as we leverage the assets of ViacomCBS to create value overall. And certainly with respect to streaming. The Q2 metrics clearly point to this strength, and the ongoing potential of our organic approach. Now, the fact is the merger of Viacom and CBS was a transformative transaction, and we continue to successfully create value from it. We believe organic execution continues to be the right path for ViacomCBS and our shareholders. But of course, we will always evaluate any opportunities through a shareholder value creation lens.
Naveen Chopra: Yes, and regarding the essential plan, we're very excited about being able to launch that this quarter, we think it expands the Paramount Plus proposition to an even greater set of different customers. And from our perspective, we're actually very happy for people to sign up for either our premium or essential tier, we want them in the plan, that's going to be the stickiest for them. Because in the long run, we know that we maximize lifetime value based on the expected life of our customers. It's also important to recognize that the ARPUs between each of those tiers are actually not as different as you might think, because of the advertising contribution from the essential tier. And those ARPUs actually, both the subscription and the combined advertising and subscription in the essential tier are growing both domestically and internationally. And we think that they have material future upside potential, both through evolution of pricing, and also significant upside in the ad monetization. So we'd like how essentials is progressing. And we think it's going to be very additive to our strategy.
Bob Bakish: Thanks a lot, Brett. Operator, let's go to the next analysts.
Operator: As the next analyst is Michael Morris with Guggenheim. Please go ahead sir.
Michael Morris: Thank you. Good morning, guys. I have two questions as well. My first maybe for Bob is if you could share some more detail on this Sky partnership that was announced? I know there can be a lot of complexity in these agreements. So any additional thoughts on your timing within 2022 your promotional plans, affiliate admix, things like that, to help us understand the go-to-market would be great. And my second question is for Naveen, looking for maybe a little more detail on the domestic trends at Paramount Plus, curious how churn has trended engagement, maybe compared to all access just to give us some historical precedent or anything else you can share there? And how you're thinking about the cadence of the drivers for the balance of the year? Thanks.
Bob Bakish: Yes, sure, Michael. So just to frame it, our streaming strategy overall is to access the largest total addressable market, and do so by leveraging the full power of ViacomCBS. That obviously means global so international is a key component including critical scale markets like the U.K., Germany and Italy. The good news is we have a long mutually productive value creating history with Sky. And to that end, we saw a compelling opportunity to use renewables in the U.K., Italy and Germany, to both elongate and continue to transform our business, and specifically accelerate our streaming strategy. On streaming, youll see us launch Paramount Plus in 2022, to the subscriber base on the Sky cinema tier, and that'll be albacore on top of that, in all of those markets, which will be a very meaningful sub catalyst in 2022. And as I said, in my prepared remarks, part of this deal was unlocking some previous exclusive to Sky content. So, in addition to the distribution boost, it really makes our product even more compelling. All that said, and I'm not going to comment on real contract specifics, I will tell you, we're happy with the economics. We see this deal as a meaningful, predictable Paramount Plus subscriber accelerant in all those markets, and one with a compelling churn reduction dynamic. And importantly, the deal does not prevent us from pursuing the broader DTC opportunity in these markets. So this is an awesome deal for us. And it's an example of leveraging the full power of ViacomCBS, including existing relationships, to accelerate our streaming business. And that's something we're going to look to continue to do. Naveen?
Naveen Chopra: Yes, and going to the engagement question. As we mentioned on the call, so the metrics on that front for Paramount Plus are improving very nicely. And I think it's all content driven, as the diversity of content available on the service continues to evolve. And that's been driving, as I highlighted, improvements in conversion, improvements in hours per active improvements in monthly churn. And we continue to focus on optimizing all of those going forward, and it will be very much content driven. We think about our content. through three different dimensions, we think about what drives acquisition, what drives engagement, and what drives consumption, it is time spent watching. And different content performs differently, kids and family content, as an example is a big acquisition driver. And theatrical movies drive a lot of engagement and things with large libraries, well known titles, think something like a survivor can be a top consumption driver. So we're going to continue to press on all of those dimensions, you got to nail acquisition, engagement and consumption to have a healthy subscription business. And we think we're in a very strong position to be able to continue doing that. And the metrics from Q2 prove we're moving in the right direction.
Bob Bakish: Great. Thanks, Mike. Operator, next question, please.
Operator: Next question is from Alexia Quadrani with JP Morgan.
Alexia Quadrani: Hi, thank you. My question is really on your film strategy. Your thoughts on the health of the box office as a profit driver for Paramount long return? Do you still see it as the big driver of growth longer term? And then sort of staying on your film business? I think you've recently made some changes. I think he pulled Clifford from the film play because the Delta variant I assume and putting Paw Patrol daily. I guess I'm curious if you see the 45-day close to window eventually for all your major films or will be decided basis. I guess I'm trying to get a sense that this is so COVID related changes or you'll kind of go back and forth longer term depending on what your thoughts on the outlook?
Bob Bakish: Yes, sure Alexia. So the film business is strategically important ViacomCBS, movies work well on multiple platforms including, of course, streaming, where early experience with Paramount Plus, and you heard some remarks on that already is strong. One of the things that we have today is more optionality with how we use films, we have more ways to use them than ever, which better leverages our investment. And you see that in us putting the product to use in a multifaceted way. Some product like a quiet place two with its 45-day window is a fast follow on Paramount Plus, we like that some product is Paramount Plus, exclusive, like what we did with Infinite and in a lower budget way, like what we'll do with the upcoming Paranormal Activity film. Some will be day-in-date with streaming and theatrical like the upcoming Paw Patrol movie. And it's really this mix of approaches that's intended to optimize the use of our product, including driving both subscribers and box office and provide learnings which we can use to continue to shape our future mix. Importantly, as we do all this, we do consider the impact on all constituents. As we look at individual titles. On your COVID question, look, we obviously track the market very carefully and the situation is a bit fluid. As a general principle, we do like the 45-day fast follow theatrical to PayOne. And that is the overall direction. We'd like to go over time. But we got to look at each title in this pandemic and figure out what is the right strategy at this point in time, and that resulting us delaying some titles moving forward to the traditional theatrical release, doing something exclusively on streaming or doing it day-to-day and again, there's obviously a lot of considerations on that. But we like films are strategically important. We see tremendous value and we have more levers to pull than ever.
Operator: Next question comes from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Ben Swinburne: Hey, good morning, guys. Two questions. ARPU on streaming was quite strong, as you guys highlighted is up nicely Q-on-Q and year-on-year. Can you talk about the outlook there as you move more international? And it sounded like you're incrementally bullish internationally. Does that put any pressure on it? Or do you feeling like ARPU continues to sort of grind higher over time, just give us a little sense of the drivers there and how you're thinking about it. And then Naveen on free cash flow $1.7 billion first half of the year, I think the expectations out there that will be less than that for the full year. Just any update on free cash flow expectations?
Naveen Chopra: Yes. Hey, Ben. So I'll start with your question on ARPU, and then touch on free cash flow. So as you pointed out, subscription, ARPU in Q2 saw some very nice sequential improvement. And I point out that that improvement happened both with respect to domestic ARPU and international ARPU. And I think going forward, it's important to think about those two things somewhat independently. Because the drivers are a little different. Domestic ARPU will benefit from continued conversion of trial subs into pay subs. And it will also be influenced by the mix of subs between our essential and premium tiers. But as I said earlier, it's important to remember that the real ARPU coming out of our essential tier includes both subscription and advertising revenue. So in the long-term, we think that the essential tier can actually be accretive to overall ARPUs on Paramount Plus. On the international side. The next wave of countries that we're going to be launching which are primarily in Europe and Australia are higher ARPU markets then where we've been today, which has been primarily Latin America. So that should be accretive to ARPU. And in fact, the deal we announced with Sky today is a great example of that. Would that deal we will quickly add millions of subscribers in the U.K. when it launches. And those subs would be accretive to both our current international streaming ARPU and the ARPU that we generate on the linear affiliate side today. In terms of free cash flow, I'd say a couple things. Number one, as we said before, we are increasing streaming investment for content. You've heard me mentioned before that we expect that investment to more than double this year relative to 2020. Again, not all of it is incremental on a total company basis, because there's a lot of remixing between linear and streaming. And we've got content that does double duty. But we're also doing well in terms of being ahead of our plan on revenue and subs and continuing to find ways to drive operating leverage out of the business. So the result of all that, I think in terms of free cash flow, obviously, that will mean that there's some working capital needs going forward, both to scale that production on the streaming side. And also just generally, as we transition out of COVID. Some of the tailwinds that we've had from a cash flow perspective, in 2020, in the first half of this year, probably start to dissipate.
Operator: Our next question is from Rich Greenfield with Light Shed Partners.
Rich Greenfield: Hi, thanks for taking the questions. I just want to follow up on Alexias question, just as you think about sort of things like Snake Eyes, which, obviously, you're struggling at the box office, just given the health of U.S. box office. I mean, even the two biggest films to-date, I think have only done domestically $170 million or $175 million sort of looks like the peak and so it just doesn't seem like box office dollars are there the way they used to? And I guess, Bob you sort of alluded to other strategies, but I'm just wondering, you've got two other companies, one in Disney doing sort of a $30 day-in-date, premium access, and you've got Warner Brothers sort of throwing them in at no extra cost Netflix Style and HBO Max. We just sort of love your view, given that it looks like things are getting worse again, rather than better from an attendance standpoint, is there one of those that you prefer, or one of those that you think makes more sense for Paramount? And then just, I guess for Bob, specifically, to me, Nick seems like one of the most important assets, when I think about creation of franchises, and what it's doing for your streaming service, I was wondering, sort of how you think about the IP creation -- new IP and creation at Nickelodeon over the past year, and what you see coming over the course of the next year that we should keep our eye on?
Bob Bakish: Yes, sure. Rich. So look, on the film side, I will say at this point in time, on a macro basis, we think the fast follow from theatrical the 45-day window 30 to 45-day window that we did our first implementation with a quiet place 2 is the sweet spot of the model because it provides a theatrical opportunity for consumers that lets us benefit from that market. And then it quickly moves the product to streaming, in this case, Paramount Plus, to drive subscribers there. And again, we only have one film we've done it with, and it hasn't gone through the life of the title yet, but we like what we're seeing. So I found a macro level, we like that. That said, to your point, we continue to be in COVID. That situation is a bit fluid. And so we are looking title-by-title. And it's part of the reason we looked at, we're doing a day-in-date with Paw Patrol, as we said, for that audience, i.e. families with young children. Right now in the middle of COVID or at least partially still in COVID. We wanted to provide both choices for consumers, because that's we think gets it to the largest potential consumer base, which is not only good for that movie, but also good for the for the consumer products business that wraps around it. And by the way, if you've been inside a Wal-Mart or Target or whatever, you'll see strong Paw Patrol, the movie marketing available in theaters, or Paramount Plus or an Paramount Plus, as part of that signage. So we really like that strategy for that title. And, we'll make decisions, title-by-title going forward as we continue to be in this COVID influenced market. Now, with respect to Nick and IP, let me start by saying big picture. We really are big believers in franchises and their associated value. They have broad consumer appeal and awareness. You can do all kinds of things with them creatively, they obviously have commercial potential, including extensibility, to things like consumer products, and they tend to play globally. So we like franchises. Nickelodeon is a great example of franchise and we're going to continue to optimize and drive that franchise machine. You've seen us do that a bit recently, this year, including with Paramount Plus, Paramount plus really launched with the SpongeBob franchise, taking the SpongeBob movie and then having the first episodic spin-out in Camp Coral. We're very pleased with that. In the quarter iCarly at the reboot of iCarly was a total home run that's obviously a live action franchise versus an animated franchise that appealed to a little bit older audience. But there's no question that worked. And in talking to Brian and working with him, Brian Robbins, who runs Nickelodeon, we've got a very significant franchise plan ahead of us. One example of that is we've now set up Avatar studios, that has tremendous potential as an umbrella franchise with all kinds of sub franchises inside of it, obviously, Paw Patrol the movie, which I referenced in the film side of it, that's another example of franchise growth. So there's a lot to do there. But I would also say Rich, it's not just about Nickelodeon. Look, what we're doing more broadly, including on Paramount Plus, whether that's Y:1883 which is the Yellowstone prequel. You know that by the way stars, Faith Hill and Tim McGraw. And that's going to premiere behind Yellowstone for two episodes on Paramount now before moving exclusively to Paramount Plus. Were doing a bunch of stuff in unscripted. So the franchise play is broad, certainly Nickelodeon is the visible and powerful piece, but it goes much beyond that. And by the way, one thing I'm actually really excited about for next year on Paramount Plus is Halo. That's a big game franchise. We're doing a pretty wild live action episodic out of it. I've seen early pieces of it looks spectacular. So franchises are key. Yes, Nickelodeon to the core, but it's bigger than that.
Operator: The next question is from Jessica Reif Ehrlich with Bank of America.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you. My question is advertising related, I guess a couple of parts to it. Given Naveens comment about ad light ARPU upside, I'm wondering why don't you push that more or can you push that more? Is there any difference in contribution margin? I was just seems like the ARPU from that product could be higher than subscription. And then on more generally, on advertising, overall, and then historically strong upfront that we just saw, can you give us like deeper color across all of your assets, national and local and international in terms of where you see advertising going over the next few quarters?
Bob Bakish: Yes, sure, Jessica, let's do it in reverse order. Let me talk about advertising, big picture, and then and then have Naveen, add some color around your question of ARPU, etcetera. So, to your point, and our remarks, we're very happy with what we're seeing in the ad market. We're clearly benefiting from our leadership position, they're in. The upfront, as expected was particularly strong this year. Part of that, of course, was a function of supply and demand at the market level supply, particularly on linear being tight, and demand strong, given the ongoing ramp out of COVID. That obviously set the stage for very strong and arguably historic linear prices increases. And those increases were what we delivered, and those will largely kick in Q4. But it's not just market, there are also real ViacomCBS elements in play here. We obviously benefit from a portfolio which includes premium content, both in the mass market and targeted spaces, including with young and diverse audiences. We have leadership both on the linear side, and with IQ on the digital video side. IQ in particular, on a long-term basis, and in this upfront is really important because it provides a large volume of high quality impressions, which more than offset the linear supply dynamics and drive overall advertising revenue. And critical to all of that is our executing as a single sales organization that allows clients and their agencies really turnkey access to the portfolio through a single point of contact. So very pleased with what we're seeing in the ad market. Very pleased with the upfront really a case study of the strength of ViacomCBS, and our ability to differentiate ourselves and grow on an ongoing basis. Naveen?
A  Naveen Chopra: Yes, so as it relates to the interplay between the essentials tier and the premium tier and sort of steering customers to one or the other, I would reiterate that we are focused on maximizing the lifetime value of each of our subscribers. And given what I noted earlier about the fact that the ARPU and the contribution margin of each of those tiers is not that different and likely, will converge over time. Ultimately, what matters in that lifetime value equation is the expected life of our customers. So we want the customer in whichever tier they are going to be the most sticky in. And that's how we're operating those services today.
Operator: Next question is from Vijay Jayant with Evercore.
Vijay Jayant: Hi. Good morning. So Bob you talked about the candidates deal the downs with Charter Cops and now with Sky. And one of the fieldsthat are mentioned, your deals are sort of the modern era deals. Can you sort of talk about, whats the evolution there in terms of economics, so flexibility that has to happen to make this sort of a win-win situation? And really, how key is these legacy MVPD relationships to grow Paramount Plus going forward? Thanks.
Bob Bakish: Yes, sure, Vijay. So let me start by saying we're extremely pleased with where we are from an affiliate perspective. And see this multi quarter track record that we've put on the boards of affiliate renewal after affiliate renewal as overwhelming evidence of the strength of ViacomCBS. ViacomCBS really is a cornerstone provider to the distribution community. And yes, that started way back when, with the provision of linear feeds, probably five or six years ago that expanded to include advanced advertising partnerships, which were mutually beneficial. And now it's incorporating streaming as a fundamental element. And so we are working with MVPDs to advance our streaming benefit for both of ours benefit. And we're doing that across free and pay. We're doing that across set-top box and broadband only. And the reason examples of that are Charter and Cox, were streaming with certainly additive and mutually beneficial. And then today's announcement Sky, same thing. So it really is a modernization of broadening and making these partnerships even stronger as we together transform the benefit and provide the business and for ViacomCBS really accelerate the growth of our streaming portfolio. So we're feeling great about it Vijay.
Operator: Next question is from John Janedis with Wolfe Research.
John Janedis: Thank you, Bob, maybe one for you with your comments on Paramount Plus and coming out of the upfront. Can you give us more of an update on your digital advertising strategy? I don't know if you separate the dollars between Paramount Plus PTV and Pluto, but maybe even directionally, what are you targeting for digital as a percent of the total? And do the CPM increases and TBS provides some form of a tailwind or upside for price increases? Or do you go for volume in the short-term? And then maybe a quickie on Pluto? With the growth they're still really strong? Have you seen any changes in either the economics of the business or content availability?
Bob Bakish: Yes, sure. So John, so on the ad side, and in particular, the role of digital, what we believe it's fundamental, we made that decision at Viacom legacy a number of years ago, among other things that drove us to do the Pluto acquisition, which by the way, has turned out to be a total home run, I would point out that when we acquired Pluto at the beginning of 19, it came-off a 2018 revenue base of $70 million. This in this third year of owning it, it'll do over a billion. That sounds like a very robust growth to me. So we're thrilled we have it. Pluto is part of what we call IQ, which is our overall digital video advertising portfolio. It is proven to be a great source of high quality impressions in high quality environments. In a world where there's, I mean, that's compelling on a standalone basis. But also in a world where there is linear supply constraints, it's really in combination, that it has turned out to be extremely powerful. Over time, the videos, the digital video side, will continue to increase as a percentage of our overall mix. As we package and in some cases transition advertisers from scarce high priced linear to more available high quality digital, but by the way, do it in a way where we're very careful in delivering the right mix of reach and frequency. And among other things, we went to a unified ad server in the last couple months, which really helps us with that. So very excited about where we are today with digital video advertising as a component of ViacomCBS, and believe it has long legs for growth going forward. On the Pluto side, let me just briefly say, again, the overall trajectory of Pluto is amazing. We have as I mentioned, continued to add quality, high quality content to Pluto in the last year, in the U.S., we've doubled the number of hours from 100,000 hours to 200,000 hours. A chunk of that is certainly ViacomCBS, but a bunch of that is third-party as well. And the third-parties are really seeing the power of the Pluto platform too because it is a very effective reach and importantly monetization because ultimately people are in it to make money monetization vehicle for them, which is why you see us continue to add to the product across a full range of joiners. So Pluto TV continues to be on an amazing trajectory, obviously expanding all around the world half of its number one fast service in the U.S. position, and that one too has a long positive growth road ahead of it.
Operator: Yes, that question is from one and Robert Fishman with Moffett Nathanson.
Robert Fishman: Thank you and good morning. Can you expand on how sports at Paramount Plus has driven subscriber additions and engagement and whether you think that will impact future sports rights deals going exclusively to streaming? And then just as a quick follow up on Pluto, do you see this as a winner take all type of market or will viewers just jump around to the different services define the different original and exclusive content? Thank you.
Bob Bakish: Yes, so in that order, so sports are fundamental, the Paramount Plus. Again, we think the Paramount Plus as live sports, breaking news and a mountain of entertainment. If you look at our experience in Q1 and Q2 it clearly points to the value of sports, there's no question the NFL makes a difference. And part of our long-term renewal with the NFL, some months ago was of course, insuring rights for Paramount Plus, by the way, both a 999 and the 499 product 499 product doesn't have the linear feet. So, we had to do some work with the NFL and we did. Soccer is making a difference. And you see us growing our collection there, I'm really looking forward to see what Syria does. Very shortly, that'll be our first season with that as the Italian league. Golf to makes a difference. They all contribute to ParamountPlus, they all broaden its appeal to specific market sectors. But I think also importantly, they work in what we would call a conjoint way with entertainment. There are sports fans out there and they also love entertainment. And so as we ensure that the product is sticky as we optimize monetization having a strong entertaining offering to go with the sports offering is very important. And again, while early days, we're seeing really clear value there. And it's obviously a critical extension of CBS Sports and a modernization of that into the streaming world. So we like that a lot. The Pluto question what -- sorry, can you just restate your Pluto question, Rob?
Robert Fishman: Of course. Do you see this as a winner take all type of market as a whole as you're growing really quickly or -- well viewers just kind of jumped around to the different services?
Bob Bakish: Right, thank you. Look, we are privileged to be in a leadership position with Pluto. That's partially because we saw the opportunity early and then added first Viacom and now ViacomCBS assets and capabilities to it in the form of content, in the form of distribution, in the form of advertising sales. I don't think it's a winner take to all market. But clearly, having a leadership position is exceptionally valuable. And we are certainly focused on continuing to press the gas pedal there and building a leadership position worldwide. And I would point out that as you have this scale, it really is a flywheel of Talking Tom, Ryan, he'll talk about the Pluto flywheel. And what he means by that is, the scale is self reinforcing. Because as the platform gets bigger, as you have more MAUs, your monetization increases to the example of $70 million to a billion this year. That means that the people who have content on the platform make more money, which in turn means your platform is more attractive, which in turn means you get better content. So the good news is that the trajectory Pluto's on and again, we couldn't be happier.
Bob Bakish: So, look, thanks, everyone for joining. In closing, clearly, I think you can hear it. These are very exciting times at ViacomCBS. We have really strong operating momentum. We have amazing content. And we have a streaming strategy that is really delivering. You see that in our second quarter. And we're feeling great about the outlook for the year ahead. So thank you for your time and support. We look forward to delivering for all of you on the ViacomCBS growth opportunity. And finally, I'd like to thank all the ViacomCBS employees for all they do every day to drive the company forward. Stay well, everyone and we'll talk to you soon.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-06 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Viacom Conference Call. Todays call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Anthony DiClemente. Please go ahead sir. 
Anthony DiClemente: Good morning everyone and thank you for taking the time to join us for our first quarter 2021 earnings call. Joining me for todays discussion are Bob Bakish, our President and CEO and Naveen Chopra, our CFO. Please note that in vision to our earnings release we have trending schedules containing supplemental information available on our website. We also have a slide a presentation for your to follow along with our remarks.  Want to refer you to the second slide in that presentation and remind you that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in more detail in our filings with the SEC. Some of today's financial remarks will focus on adjusted results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release or in our trending schedules, which contain supplemental information, and in each case, can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Now I will turn the call over to Bob. 
Robert M. Bakish: Thanks Anthony. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. It's been about 10 weeks since we laid out our streaming strategy and goals at our investor event. Since then we have successfully launched Paramount+ in March and I'm thrilled with where we are in streaming and overall. On todays call I'll cover three topics. First, ViacomCBSs strong Q1, a quarter with clear operating strength and sequential improvement in key financial metrics. Second, the company's momentum in streaming. Momentum which is clearly visible in the metrics across fee, pay, and premium. And momentum which gives us even more confidence in our strategy. And third, a path forward, an overview of the content we have coming and our plan to build on the early success of Paramount+ by leaning even more. Then I will hand it over to Naveen to provide additional financial and operational detail before opening it up to take your questions.  I'll start with Q1 2021 results. Well I am pleased to say we achieved another quarter of year-over-year growth in revenue, adjusted OIBDA, and adjusted EPS further demonstrating the strength of ViacomCBS and our related recovery from COVIDs impact on the business. It all starts with the power of our content and its enduring popularity with audiences. In Q1 ViacomCBS had the number one share of viewing in the U.S. across key demos. As part of that CBS currently ranked number 1 among all broadcasters and we'll finish the 2020-2021 season as America's most watched network in primetime for the 13th straight season. We also own the most top 30 cable networks among persons 2 plus and persons 18-49 in the quarter. And SHOWTIME had the top two scripted shows on premium cable.  In social, ViacomCBS was the number one company among broadcast, cable, radio, and film property in global social news. And as you will hear momentarily, streaming consumption is on a powerful growth trajectory. Strong [ph] performance translated into total revenues of $7.4 billion, a 14% increase year-over-year driven by strength across key revenue types including advertising, affiliate, and streaming. In advertising which now excludes streaming, revenue grew 21%. The big picture here is that underlying advertising demand is strong and trending in a positive direction as the reopening of the economy gains momentum. And of course we clearly benefited from our broadcast of the Super Bowl and NCAA Tournament games.  In affiliate which now also includes streaming we are seeing the power of the combined company manifest itself as revenue grew 5% benefiting from successful renewal activity, incremental carriage, and price increases. And since our last call 14 ViacomCBS cable networks including Comedy Central, MTV, Nickelodeon, and BET went live on Hulus vMVPD platform. We also completed a new distribution deal with Frontier further demonstrating our valuable partnerships and must have content. And we have seen robust growth in global streaming revenue which is up 65% year-over-year. I'll dig into this momentarily. On top of that we have substantially strengthened our financial position benefitting from the $1.7 billion of adjusted free cash flow we generated in the quarter and fortified by the $2.7 billion of capital we raised from our equity offering in March.  Now I'd like to spend some time on our strategy and execution in streaming. Starting with free, where Pluto TV is the largest free, ad supported streaming service across all metrics; monthly active users, total viewing hours, and revenue. This based on all publicly disclosed information. Clearly the top of funnel continues to be robust particularly as Pluto TV added 6 million MAUs in the quarter, bringing the total global monthly active users to nearly 50 million, reflecting continued domestic growth and international expansion. And that user growth is translating into strong advertising performance. Across all our streaming advertising businesses, we saw a 62% surge in year-over-year growth in streaming advertising revenue, reaching $428 million in the first quarter. That growth was lead by Pluto TV, where revenue more than doubled year-over-year. High value connected TV usage accounts for the overwhelming majority of Pluto TV consumption with domestic monthly watch time per user increasing 28% year-on-year, making it a very desirable advertising platform for our client.  To build on this growth, Pluto TV continues to substantially scale its content offerings. During the quarter, Pluto TV launched 19 new channels, including Major League Baseball, Smithsonian, and Paramount+. All in Pluto TV now has over 150,000 hours of content from 250 active U.S. partners. And this week, we launched Pluto TV en Espaol, a bold new update and expansion essentially doubling Pluto TVs U.S. Hispanic offerings to nearly 50 channels and 20,000 hours of content. This, alongside the existing English offering makes it ideal for bilingual audiences as well. Internationally, we also continue our expansion of Pluto TV. During the quarter we launched in France and are now in 25 markets spanning Latin America, including Brazil, the UK, Germany and Spain. Bottom line, Pluto TV has seen robust global growth in usage, monetization, and sell through benefiting from a strong set of underlying drivers and over delivering across all metrics.  In premium streaming, Showtime OTT had its strongest quarter ever, delivering another record setting quarter in sign-ups while generating unprecedented viewership. In fact, it was the best quarter ever for streaming and hours watched on the service. Viewers were highly engaged, driven by hits like Shameless and Your Honor and looking forward the content lineup for Showtime over the next year looks really strong. And then there's Paramount+. As I said in our Investor Day, Paramount+ comes to the streaming space with real competitive advantages and with a strategy that's unique to the marketplace. As a result of the strong launch of Paramount+ on March 4th and the continued momentum in our other streaming services, we added 6 million new global streaming subscribers in the quarter, bringing our total global streaming subscribers to 36 million. Needless to say, we're thrilled with these early results. We're clearly seeing the benefit of putting the full power of ViacomCBS behind Paramount+. The service benefited from a dramatically expanded and diversified content place, communicated through a robust multi-platform marketing campaign.  March was our biggest month ever for sign ups and consumption was strong with watch time for active subscriber up 17% year-over-year. The broadening of the service is clearly working. In fact, almost half of subscriber engagement came from originals as well as content from Paramount and our cable networks. And our diversified content mix, including kids content, content from MTV, and sports like soccer, reduced the average age of new subscribers by six years in the quarter. Looking ahead, we're excited about the ad supported Paramount+ 499 tier, which will be coming in early June. Paramount+ joins Pluto TV's premium digital inventory and anchors of our ViacomCBS IT advertising offering, providing us with another powerful tool to showcase the full advertising power of ViacomCBS and our ability to satisfy the growing demand among advertisers in the category.  Internationally, we launched Paramount+ in Latin America, Nordics, and Canada and these markets are also showing strong initial performance when it comes to both subscriber and engagement trends. And as part of the international rollout, we're expanding our distribution and awareness of Paramount+ by signing creative partnerships with leading MVPDs and e-commerce platform. For example, in April Paramount+ launched on Megacable one of the largest cable operators in Mexico. Also in April, Paramount+ partnered with Mercado Libre, the largest e-commerce ecosystem in Latin America with recent launches in Brazil and Mexico.  Another international transaction I want to highlight is our agreement to acquire Chilevision, the leading broadcast network in Chile. This deal will strengthen and expand our presence in the southern cone of Latin America and help accelerate our streaming strategy in the region by expanding our already substantial Spanish language library and production capabilities. Together with Telefe in the south cone, Chilevision will contribute to ViacomCBS International Studios becoming one of the largest content creators of Spanish language globally. And it's a great promotional asset for our streaming product offerings as well.  Stepping back from this it's clear our unique strategy across free, premium, and paid is working, which is why we're leading in even more. As you know, we completed a $2.7 billion capital raise in March. Naveen will speak about this in greater detail in a few minutes, but know that we did the transaction because we saw an attractive opportunity to raise capital to fund incremental content and other investments to further drive our streaming ambition. And we've already begun to move on a few early opportunities in this regard.  I want to finish by speaking a bit more of what's to come, particularly from a content perspective. In February, we laid out a content strategy for Paramount+, a strategy focused on key pillars to differentiate the service in the market; sports, news, kids, unscripted reality, scripted, and movies. And since launch, that content has already started to scale and show real momentum. There's no question that live sports and breaking news clearly differentiates Paramount+ and Q1 saw a series of important events in this lane, including the Super Bowl, WAPA, the NCAA Men's Tournament, the PGA Tour, and Oprah's Interview Special with Megan and Harry. These events were key engagement and sign-up drivers. And looking forward, we're excited about our expanded soccer slate, the return of the NFL, college football, and more.  Speaking of football, as you know in March we extended our partnership with the NFL for another decade. This is a partnership we are thrilled about and streaming rights are a critical component of that deal. Among other things, Paramount+ will have the flexibility to distribute NFL games on both the premium tier 999 and the new 499 ad supported tier. And as we announced in February, inside the NFL will be exclusively available on Paramount+ starting this fall. And we're continuing to build critical mass in soccer. CBS Sports and Paramount+ recently acquired exclusive U.S. rights to Serie A, the premiere Italian Soccer League. It's another major step in us becoming the number one destination for soccer fans with an unbeatable portfolio of now over 1400 soccer matches each year with teams including Juventus, Real Madrid, and Chelsea. This on top of all the other marquee CBS sporting events we deliver.  Moving to kids, thanks to our Nickelodeon brand and massive library with renowned characters and global franchises, subscribers are discovering new content or re-watching some of their favorite shows. Since the Paramount+ launch, we've seen robust audience engagement with kids and family content. Nickelodeon originals like the SpongeBob Movie Sponge on the Run, Cape Coral, as well as library content like Paw Patrol were some of the strong performers in the quarter driving sign ups and engagement. And we're excited for the upcoming launches of Rugrats in May and iCarly in June, new versions of two iconic franchises that have fans buzzing in social.  In unscripted and reality, the fastest growing genre in streaming, we saw solid early momentum. Exclusive original shows like MTVs The Challenge, All Stars and Real World Homecoming plus library shows like Ink Master all had very strong engagement and we continue to ramp up reality series on the platform, including new exclusive originals starting with Cradle to the Stage, starring Dave Grohl later this month, a new RuPaul in June and later in the year, the return of Behind the Music. And in scripted originals like The Stand, Younger, and Star Trek Discovery are performing extraordinarily well. By the end of the year you'll start to see a substantially scaleable volume of new exclusive originals, including new drama series like the First Yellowstone's spinoff Y:1883. Female led drama like Why Women Kill and the Good Fight, comedy such as Inside Amy Schumer, Trevor Noah Weekly, and The Game; and original franchises like Star Trek Prodigy and the fourth season of Star Trek Discovery. In addition, we're expanding our global Paramount+ pipeline. As a first step in this endeavor we're adding a number of originals produced by Viacom International Studios. This will start as soon as this summer with scripted content produced in Latin America and factual content produced out of the UK.  Finally, turning to movies where we are poised to dramatically enhance the scale of our offering. In fact, we will shortly kick off a mountain of movies marketing campaign where we will highlight the thousands of new movies we're adding to Paramount+, including blockbuster hits and exclusive originals. We start by greatly expanding the depth of the film library on the service. 1000 additional movies are going live in early June with additional titles following through July, bringing the total to over 2500. Hits like The Avengers and Skyfall will be available on the service soon, as well as a bunch of great Paramount films like Mission Impossible Ghost Protocol, Rocket Man, Sonic, the Hedgehog, and more. And I'm thrilled to announce that Infinite, a sci-fi thriller starring Mark Wahlberg, will premiere exclusively on Paramount+ in June. That will be followed by the streaming premiere of A Quiet Place Part 2 after its 45-day theatrical run and we will follow that with the Paw Patrol movie, a treat for families eagerly awaiting a feature length version of the most popular preschooler character in the world. In addition, new original movies like Paranormal Activity and The In Between will premiere on Paramount+ by the end of 2021. And all of this is a preview to a substantial ramping up of original movies next year, where we expect to begin averaging an original movie a week in 2022. We'll have more on this in the months ahead.  And finally, we're moving to accelerate Paramount+'s global expansion. We have already established ourselves in Canada, the Nordics, and all of Latin America including Brazil. Next up is Australia on August 11th, a launch that will include Paramount Movies, Showtime, and Paramount+ Originals in addition to a cross-section of product from our cable brands and Network 10. By the end of 2021, we'll have launched subscription streaming services led by Paramount+ in 25 markets, and now we plan to almost double that by the end of 2022 when our global streaming footprint will reach 45 markets, all in less than two years. Net, net, we're thrilled with the performance of Paramount+ thus far, our strategy is working, we're investing in content with a disciplined approach, we have a lot in the pipeline and we look forward to what's to come. Now, I'll turn it over to Naveen to cover the quarter's financial performance in greater detail. Naveen.
Naveen Chopra: Thank you, Bob. Good morning, everyone. As Bob mentioned, we had very strong financial results in the first quarter of 2021 across revenue, adjusted OIBDA, adjusted EPS, and adjusted free cash flow. Our results reflect robust growth in streaming where we saw record subscriber additions and revenue growth of 65%, as well as solid performance in our linear business. Our first quarter streaming results are evidence of the early positive response we have seen from the launch of Paramount+ and continued momentum in Pluto TV and Showtime OTT. We added 6 million global streaming subscribers in Q1, marking a record quarter of subscriber growth and taking us to 36 million global streaming subscribers as of quarter end. The significant majority of new subscribers were from Paramount+ and of those the significant majority were domestic customers. The combination of subscriber growth and increased engagement helped streaming subscription revenue grow 69% to 388 million. These results include the impact of subscribers whose free trials extended beyond quarter-end and international subscriber growth, where ARPUs are generally lower relative to domestic subscriptions.  Turning to streaming and advertising, the largest driver of growth came from Pluto TV, where we added 6.4 million global Pluto TV MAUs in Q1, and now reached nearly 50 million MAUs globally. Pluto TV engagement also continues to improve. Average monthly watch time for domestic user increased 28% year-on-year in the first quarter. The increased engagement combined with domestic sell through rates that were up 600 basis points drove significant improvements in Pluto's domestic ARPU. The evolution of Pluto's domestic business also gives us confidence that a similar pattern of international monetization growth can be unlocked as we scale globally. Overall Pluto TV revenue more than doubled in Q1 on a year-over-year basis for the third consecutive quarter.  The strong advertising performance from Pluto TV and our other brand specific streaming sites and apps, all of which are critical drivers of our IQ Digital Ad platform drove a 62% increase in streaming advertising revenue to 428 million. Advertising revenue which excludes streaming grew 21% in the quarter to 2.7 billion, driven by the success of Super Bowl 55 and the return of the NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament, neither of which aired on CBS in the prior year period. Advertising demand continues to improve with strong scatter pricing relative to the upfront and last year scatter market. Affiliate revenue, which also excludes streaming grew 5% in Q1 to 2.1 billion. We continue to benefit from distribution renewal signed in 2020 that included incremental carriage and improved economics as well as contractual rate increases, which more than offset the decline in the number of paid TV subscribers.  Licensing and other revenue grew 11% to 1.8 billion. Keep in mind that licensing revenue is reported on a consolidated basis after the elimination of significant intercompany licensing transactions related to content on Paramount+. Theatrical revenue was insignificant in Q1 as we had no releases in the quarter. We are looking forward to our first theatrical release in over a year with A Quiet Place 2 which debuts in theaters on May 28th. Total revenue was 7.4 billion, up 14% year-over-year leading to adjusted OIBDA of 1.6 billion up 31% year-over-year and diluted EPS was $1.52, up 36% year-over-year. The growth in adjusted OIBDA benefited from our strong revenue growth partially offset by costs associated with our investment in Paramount+. Q1 adjusted free cash flow was 1.7 billion benefiting from OIBDA growth and the timing of cash production spend and favorable collections among other factors.  Moving to the balance sheet, during Q1 we redeemed 2 billion of debt and raised 2.7 billion of cash from the sale of equity and mandatory convertible preferred securities. In combination with our strong free cash flow generation, these transactions resulted in 5.5 billion of cash on hand and total debt of 17.8 billion at quarter-end. This translates to a 2.2 times net leverage ratio as of March 31st.  I'd now like to share some insights regarding the second quarter. We expect continued robust growth in streaming revenue with the Q2 growth rates for total streaming revenue, streaming advertising revenue, and streaming subscription revenue, all accelerating versus the Q1 growth rates. Streaming subscription revenue in particular will benefit from Paramount+ subscribers who began free trials in Q1, but only start generating revenue in Q2. We expect another quarter of strong double-digit advertising growth as demand continues to improve and scatter pricing remains at all-time highs. We will also benefit from the NCAA final four and championship games which didn't occur in the prior year period.  Turning to affiliate revenue, we expect to see modest acceleration in the year-over-year growth in Q2 relative to Q1 as we continue to benefit from several new distribution deals signed in 2020 and early 2021, which include increased pricing and expanded distribution. For content licensing, we expect revenue to decline year-on-year because Q2 2020 included significant revenue and OIBDA from the licensing of South Park. In regard to Q2 adjusted free cash flow, we expect some reversal of the working capital tailwinds which benefited Q1, largely driven by the timing of production spend and continued investment in Paramount+. Looking further out, our enthusiasm for the potential of streaming continues to grow. The streaming market is global, it is growing fast, and we are well positioned to take share. Streaming presents a compelling market opportunity for two key reasons; one, unit upside where streaming allows for a greater addressable base of viewers go linear and two, ARPU upside because streaming ARPU's have a more compelling long-term trajectory than linear. The unit upside is especially true internationally where streaming allows us to reach beyond the Pay TV universe, which has limited penetration in many international markets. And when it comes to ARPU upside, we think that over time the per subscriber economics of streaming can be accretive to linear when considering the combination of advertising and subscription revenue captured by our ecosystem of free, pay, and premium streaming services. We see opportunity to drive Paramount+ subscription ARPU higher as distribution channels and subscriber mix evolve and as we expand our content offering to deliver greater and greater value to customers. And we see even more growth potential in advertising ARPU where both Paramount+ and Pluto TV will benefit from increased engagement, improved targeting, dynamic ad loads, and sell through optimization.  I would also note that in most instances outside the United States streaming economics are already accretive as international linear ARPU is materially lower than streaming ARPU today. This attractive market opportunity is one of the primary reasons we decided to raise capital in March. We intend to use the additional investment firepower to take our streaming efforts to the next level building on the consistent momentum we have demonstrated over the past few quarters and leaning even more aggressively into streaming. You will see us deploy new capital in four major areas. First, we intend to fund development of more original series and movies exclusively for streaming. Second, we will pursue incremental streaming sports rights. Third, we will look to accelerate international launches and market expansion. And fourth, we plan to further reduce the amount of content we licensed to third party streamers instead preserving more of these assets for our in-house streaming services.  We're moving quickly to start deploying this capital. In fact, Bob shared some of our early investment initiatives including the addition of Serie A Football, a Paramount+ exclusive release of the movie Infinite, and the acceleration of our international deployment plan. Nonetheless, the bulk of our investments will occur in 2022 and beyond. In the months ahead, we'll have more to share on these additional investment plans as we aim to capture an even greater share of a growing long-term market opportunity. With that, we can now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Michael Morris with Guggenheim. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Morris: Thank you guys. Good morning, a couple of questions on the streaming business. First one on Paramount+, appreciate all the detail on signups and engagement. There's a lot in there, hoping to dig a little bit more on trend. I know we're only a couple of months into Paramount+, but we do have some good historic data on -- with all access. So I'm curious if you can talk about how engagement churn has sort of trended with the new product availability, the expanded product and if anything, on the content side in particular has maybe surprised you compared to what you were anticipating and how that might inform some of those investment decisions going forward? And then also on Pluto, I think ad revenue growth is outpacing that sort of combination of usage and per engagement growth -- engagement per user growth. Is that accurate, there's a couple of moving parts in there, and can you kind of provide any context for what the upside is for Pluto maybe compared to how you monetize your linear audiences? Thank you.
Robert M. Bakish: Sure. Yeah, thanks Mike. A nice meaty two part to open here. So in terms of your first question, we are super excited about what we're seeing with Paramount+ and I'd say, it started with the overwhelming learning from what we've seen is that our content strategy is working. There's no question that consumers are embracing a service spanning live sports, breaking news, and a mountain of entertainment. We can see that in the sub numbers. As we mentioned, we added 6 million pay subs in the quarter globally, but the overwhelming piece of that was from peak Paramount+ domestic. And importantly that includes adding younger subs with an average age of new subs down six years. Second point is Paramount+ is showing great lines in terms of engagement. In fact, the percent of our daily subs, which are active, actually the percent of our total subs I should say, which are active on a daily basis is up sequentially and up year-over-year. And we see strong double-digit growth in hours per active user. In fact, that's up about 17% in March versus the prior year.  When you look under that in terms of content, which is obviously the key driver, we continue to see the power of what worked before. That includes sports, where we obviously benefited from the Super Bowl, the NCAA, Golf, and WAFA as we said. It includes originals, including The Stand, Star Trek and others, and includes CBS content. Live content is strong as our shows like MCIS and Hawaii Five-0. But the real news is it's now broader. Nickelodeon in particular is turning into a powerful driver of subs and engagement probably more quickly than we would have thought. It's a clear sub driver since the relaunch and it now accounts for a strong double-digit share of streams. And that's really because of the combination of compelling exclusive originals, of course, the SpongeBob movie, Sponge on the Run and the new Camp Coral series combined with a big known library. That's a recipe that clearly works. I think it's also worth noting that the SpongeBob franchise in totality, quickly moved to the top of the rankers at Paramount+. And probably what's most important here is this is an example of us replicating our strength in a legacy linear position here in kids in streaming. And we've also seen early positives from unscripted and reality as well as movies. So early days for Paramount+, but we very much like what we see in terms of consumer reaction to the product and as you know, based on that we're leaning in even more.  Moving to the second part of your question on Pluto, as you heard today, Pluto TV continues to be an incredible growth engine for this company. And when we look at it, we see four really powerful underlying growth drivers for Pluto TV, all of which are delivering now and all of which have a lot of room to run. That starts with MAUs, as you heard now under just 50 million globally, that's up about 90% like a hair more year-over-year, and we have substantial momentum and opportunity ahead. It then moves to engagement, where we see time -- mentioned it time spent per user continues to increase. And this is particularly as users gained familiarity with the product and as the volume of quality content continues to increase now, about over 150,000 hours in the U.S. We also look at sellout, that was actually up about 600 basis points year-to-year, but we're nowhere near a 100% and so we do have substantial room to run. And equally importantly, if you look at ad load on Pluto TV versus linear, the Pluto TV ad load is substantially below that of linear. And then there's pricing. We see advertisers with a significant demand for in particular Connected TV inventory and that in turn is supporting a great pricing dynamic.  We haven't actually pushed pricing on Pluto TV in the last two years so it's really one of the most efficiently priced products on the marketplace. And that gives us a really great pricing lane going forward when we choose to pull that lever. Last thing I'd say is Pluto TV revenue now more than doubled for the third sequential quarter in a row. Overwhelming driver of that is volume and that's combination of MAUs and time spent. Again, we haven't pushed the price lever and we haven't pushed sell out much. And that's part of our overall streaming growth story. It's the biggest part and it's what helped push us to 62%. So net-net we're in a great situation here on so many levels.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks a lot Mike. Operator, let's take our next question. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brett Feldman with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Brett Feldman: Thanks and two if you don't mind. So just following-up a little bit, as you had noted the quarter-end global subscriber number would include anyone that was still in a free trial period and with Paramount+ having launched in early March, anyone who signed up after the launch would have been in their free trial at the end of the quarter. So, you're now two months past the launch, many of those customers have gone through the free month, some of them have gone through a paid month, can you give us any insight into what the free to paid conversion is looking like and maybe how that has compared to what you historically saw with CBS all access? And then Naveen thank you for the color around sort of the four areas you're looking to sort of lean in with your investment on streaming. Can you give us any context, are certain of those a little more front burner than others, you said we might start to see that in the financials next year, what does that mean? And then really the more important question is if you're investing more, how should we think about seeing that payoff, do you think you can meet your long-term targets sooner, do you think there's upside, any further insight there would be greatly appreciated?
Robert M. Bakish: Yeah, sure Brett. So look, to your first question, we like what we're seeing in general with respect to conversion and churn. Unpacking that a bit, conversion rates from trial to pay are consistent with what we've seen historically with all access. And that's despite the fact that we've ramped sub growth pretty significantly and so we're not seeing any kind of degradation in quality as we widen the subscriber net. That's a good thing. And particularly a good thing, given that we had the Super Bowl this year, which clearly brought in a bunch of folks for the Super Bowl, but as with the broader sub-base, they're sticking around for more, again for this broader Paramount+ offering. On the churn side, again remains in the same range as prior year, despite the massive growth in the sub-base. Specifically, to your question of the 30-day free trial which we did for launch, I'd highlight two points. One is, believe it or not the conversion rate was actually marginally above our historical trial conversion rates. So we are happy about that. And second that particular program, the 30-day free trial ended on March 31st, and is no longer in the market.  By the way, a little look forward past the end of the quarter, both conversion and churn improved in April, both versus prior year and versus March. So net-net, we feel great about what we're seeing in this area. I'm going to flip it to Naveen in a second for the second part of your question, but I do want to say, he highlighted the four investment areas. Probably the biggest investment area when push comes to shove, we'll be more originals. We're very excited about what we have in the pipeline on the series side and we see our studios be that Paramount, be that Nickelodeon, be that MTV Entertainment, ramping original studios as part of this capital raise and we're working on that. And of course we talked about movies and how we're ramping that, and really excited about moving to an exclusive original movie per week as we get part of the way into 2022. So a lot going on there in terms of our plans to deploy that capital. Naveen? 
Naveen Chopra: Yeah. So let me try to add a little color in terms of how we see the deployment of that capital playing out. You heard Bob talk today about some of the ways in which we're already starting to deploy that capital, which as reminder it's things like the addition of Serie A Football on Paramount+, the Infinite movie being released on Paramount+, a significant acceleration of our international expansion plans, and starting to ramp up to getting an original movie each week on Paramount+. So those things will allow us to start deploying some of the incremental cash. As I said in the second half of 2021, that being said we're obviously not going to spend $2.7 billion overnight. So the bulk of the investment will happen over a multi-year period of time. And we are continuing to be diligent in evaluating a variety of different investment options against one another and we're very focused on the ROI of those across all of the different buckets that we articulated. So I would expect that as we commit to some of those specific plans we'll look to share more about the expense magnitude, the timing of the cash versus the expense which could be different by the way, and I think perhaps most importantly, how those investment plans affect our goals for subscriber and revenue growth, which is obviously the intent, the motivation behind any of those investments is to try to exceed some of the goals that we've already set for ourselves.  One other point that I think is important just to be aware of from a timing perspective, as I said, we are starting to fund some of those -- these early initiatives this year. Though I'd note that our expectations for full year OIBDA and free cash flow really haven't changed materially because of the over performance in Q1. So that is hopefully helpful to you in terms of thinking about some of the timing elements of this.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks a lot Brett. Operator, lets take our next question. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question. 
Ben Swinburne: Good morning. Bob, can you talk a little bit more about what we should be expecting with the June product, and if you call it a relaunch or the new tier, anything to add on distribution partners or kind of marketing push? And then Naveen, I'd like to just take another swing at one of the topics from the Investor Day, which is your content spending company-wide post the capital raise sitting here today. Can you -- is there any way to help us think about how you think about the overall growth in content investment for ViacomCBS over the course of the sort of forecast period you talked about at Investor Day? Thanks, both. 
Robert M. Bakish: Yeah. So we'll take this sequentially Ben. So on the 499 product, we're really excited about it. It obviously brings live sports, breaking news, and amount of entertainment including this expanded original slate to the market at a lower price point. That's great from a consumer perspective. For us, it also has cost advantages, which improve margins versus the legacy 599 product, which we will be discontinuing from a new subscriber standpoint. If you step back from it, we believe two tiers of Paramount+ really maximizes its ability to drive the total addressable market. Obviously this lower price point at 499 is good for the more cost sensitive consumer and thus helps maximize total subscribers for Paramount+. It also adds another important asset for us in terms of advertising inventory. It will become part of IQ and because there's so much opportunity in high-quality premium streaming, digital advertising, we see the product actually generating higher ARPUs over time than the 999 product. So, it really is quite exciting there. I'd also point out that adding this to our quiver broadened the portfolio we have to work with distributors to meet their objectives, really strengthens our position as a supplier of choice. We add that to our existing offerings, both in free with Pluto TV and the Paramount and Showtime OTT and BET+ paid products. Obviously it's at the lower end of the price point, so it could work for a subset of their consumer base. It also related to the cost structure gives us more flexibility on promotions and so that's something we're excited to deploy. And lastly, I'd note, it will launch in early June with broad distribution. So very excited about the 499 product and how it will continue to drive Paramount+. Naveen. 
Naveen Chopra: Yeah, so on the content expense, as you will remember Ben from our Investor Day, we highlighted the fact that we expect streaming content expense to increase materially between 2020 and 2024. And I'd say that our plan for this year 2021 does incorporate some rapid progress in ramping up streaming content. In fact, streaming content expense in 2021 I think will more than double relative to 2020. Now it's important to remember that not all of the expense and cash impact is incremental to total company spend because we do expect to continue to reallocate content from linear to either a shared context where it's doing double duty on both linear and streaming or exclusively on streaming. That being said, we do expect that what we've described as sort of roughly $15 billion of total company content expense to increase modestly over the next few years. So not the entire amount of the increase of streaming investment will not be incremental to the total company, but there will be some increase.  Now that's all pre-capital raise. With the additional capital, we now have the ability to invest more aggressively and so I would expect that streaming content expense and total company expense should be somewhat higher, but very importantly over time generate return in the form of incremental subs and they use streaming revenue. And as I said earlier, most of that impact will really start to be seen in 2022 and beyond. And the piece that we're funding in 2021 as I said earlier, I think is largely offset by some of the over performance we've seen in Q1. 
Anthony DiClemente: Great, thanks Ben. Operator, next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed with your question. 
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you. Just staying on Paramount+, we've seen some of your competitors experience a pull forward and growth in subs on their streaming platforms during the pandemic, and then Q1 you had the benefit of substantial marketing push and the rebranding which accelerated subscriber growth. I'm curious how you're thinking -- how we should think about growth in subs at Paramount+ over the next couple quarters? And then my follow-up question is just sort of circling back to your comments on international expansion also on Paramount+, you highlight a bunch of markets, you gave us some great color which I really appreciate. I'm curious, where you see the biggest opportunity, what markets, and outside of Spanish language are you ramping up in local language like your peers as well?
Michael Morris: Yeah, sure Alexia, let me take both of those. So actually I don't think a comparison to peer services and how they did or didn't pull forward subscriber growth with COVID is really the right question for us. And that's simply because Paramount+ just launched and it's in a bit of a different situation. With Paramount+ we're ramping up product for new consumers and so we're focused on generating awareness to those consumers and obviously converting them into subscribers. To that end we're focused on executing against the content strategy that I articulated, the specific content additions that we talked about coming in particular as 2021 continues to play out as really the primary driver of growth. And I'd remind you that the good news on that tip is that we have a really exciting content slate coming. Whether you look at the kids' space, things like new version of Rugrats, new version of iCarly, both of which are in the current quarter. And then of course, Star Trek Prodigy later in the year and those are just examples. Scripted space where I'm super excited about the first Yellowstone spinoff. That's something -- that franchise has a big fan base and so bringing a new version exclusively to Paramount+ late in year will be great. And that joins a whole bunch of other scripted shows. Some that are coming back like Why Women Kill and Star Trek Discovery. Reality, really a wheelhouse for us.  And related to that, the music space, which is more general unscripted. I am this Cradle to Stage show, we have with Dave Grohl is cool. RuPaul has a huge fan base, so a new version of RuPaul coming, etcetera. And we got comedies, we talked about movies, our movies push starting in June is massive. And by the way, it's true to the Paramount name so I think movies will have a great home and be a great product for Paramount+. All this content to varying degrees, we'll be supporting with marketing to make sure again, consumers have awareness and we convert them into subscribers. The biggest piece probably will be our movie campaign, a mountain of movies which is about to kick off. So you should look to us to continue to build our global sub-base and actually accelerate revenue growth as the year goes on.  To your second question on international, look this is something that's near and dear to my heart. I look at the international streaming opportunity and it's clearly global and we're going after it. As I mentioned, we'll now be in 45 markets by the end of 2022. Content is of course key to that and this company really has critical mass across genres and across geographies. So that starts with the Viacom Media Networks and that includes Channel Five, Network 10, Telefe, MTV, Nickelodeon, Comedy Central. They bring libraries, they bring local format derivatives, and they bring made for market local content. That library gets a scale out of the gate, the local content both format and originals add really critical elements for subscriber, acquisition and retention in many, many key markets. And Chilevision adds another important piece to this equation.  To your question, international content will also be an important part of fortifying the global Paramount+ pipeline. It's not just about Spanish I would highlight, it's about using our international studio assets to create a robust pipeline for Paramount+ because those studio assets outside the United States bring benefits in terms of access to incremental creativity, really attractive economics, and they help us drive volume further and faster. We mentioned -- I mentioned in a bit in my prepared remarks, we are at the very early stages of bringing this to bear, what is going to be another exciting piece of the equation. Add to that of course we've got output deals that routinely come up giving us incremental access to content from Paramount and CBS and Showtime. So put it together, we've got a lot of content to work with outside the United States for Paramount+, and a lot more is coming. And, when you look at international and ViacomCBS and Paramount+, it's not just the content story.  The other differentiating piece here is our on the ground operations. And they bring real additional advantages unlocking that streaming opportunity. That starts with relationships, whether they're creative or commercial and you've heard two examples of that coming to life in my remarks with Megacable and Mercado Libre, those are on the ground relationships that we were able to convert into streaming opportunity. As we look out it's possible that we'll do some partnerships in select international markets, additional markets, but net-net, I look at this and I'm super excited about the global opportunity for ViacomCBS and streaming and we really do see a strong runway of growth outside the U.S. 
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks Alexia. Operator, next question. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rich Greenfield with LightShed Partners. Please proceed with your question. 
Rich Greenfield: Hey, thanks for taking the questions. A couple of them; first, I want to just dig in a little bit deeper into the comments about what people are actually doing on Paramount+. It seems like Nickelodeon just looking at like sort of the top shows every day, seeing things like SpongeBob and Paw Patrol, it seems like they are driving a very substantial part of viewership and wondering, like, when you look at sort of the promotion you talked about sports and some of the stuff that you have and certainly it had some originals, but it looks like the kids' stuff is really driving viewership. I guess a big picture question is like, you said double-digits, like is it half the kids, like how substantial is kids' programming and how do you get more viewership of some of the adults skewing fair, I'd be curious how you're thinking about the marketing message because it seems like kids has been a very powerful force for you? And then I just want to follow up on two things; one, you said you haven't commented are Paramount+ subs higher today than 36 million, could you give us any clarity on that? And then I think you mentioned one movie -- one original movie a week in 2022, does that include the 45 day after movies that are coming out in theaters or is that a dedicated original movie every single week, I just wasn't clear of what you meant by that?
Robert M. Bakish: Sure, Rich, lot there. So on Paramount+ and kids, clearly kids is working for us. And no, it is not half of the consumption. Again, material double-digit percentages, but nowhere near half. What's driving that relative to the other call it genres and demographics is really the fact that we were able to at launch provide not only critical mass of library product, which we can do in other categories, but volume of exciting, exclusive, originals link to known franchises. And that in particular was the combination of the SpongeBob movie, which obviously was a theatrical movie, we chose to redeploy on Paramount+, and the new SpongeBob series Camp Coral. We had that ready to go because we had a movie for theaters and because we had a series that we were going to launch on Nickelodeon, call it linear.  As you look forward, those kind of things start to happen in the other genres. I mean, I'm very excited about what's going on with reality. As you know, we launched with Real World New York, it was only a couple episodes, so it wasn't really volume. And MTV, The Challenge, there was a little more volume, but it's the first series. As the year plays out, we basically have one new exclusive original in the reality space and unscripted space every month. So that's more fuel for that tank and that should start converting that genre lane for Paramount+, and we will market that particularly leveraging our linear networks and social where we know those fan bases are.  The other one I'd really highlight is movies. I mean, we have Paramount -- we have movies on Paramount+ today, but frankly not that many of them. That game changes dramatically in June, where we first dropped an additional 1000 and there are real movies, they're not deep library. Then we late in June have Infinite, which can create a lot of noise. I've seen the films on film, people love Mark Wahlberg. And then that leads to more -- a lot more, I call it library, again not deep library, including pay one library in July, and then quiet place on a short window from theatrical leading into later in the summer Paw Patrol. So we got a lot going on. And people love movies, in premium television. They love movies in streaming, they are based on engagement, love movies on Paramount+, we just don't have the volume we're about to have.  Let me use that to actually go to your third question for a second, which is around a movie a week, does it include short window, pay one or not? Yes, it includes short window pay one, call that a dozen pictures a year. The original movie per week will be an exciting movie per week. It will be a range of different kinds of movies. Some of them will be blockbusters that are heavily marketed from theatrical, the quiet place to type films. Some of them -- the vast majority of them will be made for Paramount+, those will be sourced from Paramount through our Paramount players studio or sub studio, as well as through other studio operations we have including Nickelodeon. As you know, we have the awesomeness side of Nickelodeon, which has done a great series of YA movies, including for streamers. So really excited about deploying that and getting that to have something on the platform every week that's fresh for someone to watch.  Your second question, I have a mark here of 36 plus. 
Anthony DiClemente: Yeah, I think he was asking about subs post the end of the quarter. We're not providing any numbers, but just remember that 36 is total global streaming subscribers rich, not just paramount+. 
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks a lot Rich. Operator we have time for one last question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Janedis with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
John Janedis: Thank you. Bob, a lot of questions have been coming up about the value of traditional linear networks and the historical pricing model breaking as direct-to-consumer rollouts accelerate. So I wanted to ask you to what extent do you see changes in pricing for TV or cable networks as Paramount+ scales into the 10s of millions domestically? And then separately how are you thinking about the go-to-market strategy and programming budget going forward for Showtime, is the range of 10 to 15 originals a year in the ballpark or does that need to be stepped up?
Robert M. Bakish: Yeah, sure John. So on your first question, I'd start with the fact that ViacomCBS is a critically important content supplier to the MVPD ecosystem. Why do I say that? We do have a number one linear portfolio on share and we do lead on a range of key demographics. Within that we have must have content including sports, including the NFL. Beyond that, we have a really broad opportunity to work with them to create value. And you see that, for example, as we deploy our assets in the advanced ad space and we have advanced ad partnerships with most of the large MVPDS at this point. And more recently, we've become a supplier to the app space, with both free and paid streaming products, and we supply those to both their set top box and their broadband only infrastructure, things like Flex. So that gives us even more to work with. And you look at 2020 and you look at through the first quarter of 2021 and you see that we're using that asset base to consistently close deals, deals with companies that are formidable, the likes of Comcast, Verizon, YouTube, Hulu. And when you take the contractual -- when you take that, and then you combine the contractual rate inclusive increases for deals that are in flight, you've seen that drive affiliate growth in incremental distribution in linear.  So it's a powerful combination. As we look forward, including to a world as you described with did you see [ph] Paramount+ growing etc. We like our position, we are among the most important content suppliers in the industry, we know how to get deals done. The addition of streaming, including Paramount+ gives us even more to work with. And remember, that helps us drive value for those customers and simultaneously helps them evolve their business, as consumers increasingly embrace broadband versus say Set Top Box. And our ability to do that, in turn drives real revenue and asset value for ViacomCBS. So yeah, negotiations might be a little more complicated than they have been in the past but I feel very good about our asset base. We have the best affiliate team in the business. And I feel great about the outlook of our partnerships with MVPDs.  To your second question, Showtime. Showtime, is on a really nice roll. It produces great content and as we look at the segmentation of the consumer in the United States, there's no question that there's a significant market for a more upscale, more coastal, more R rated offering. That's what premium is. And as you saw, Showtime really continued it's great run in the first quarter. It had the top two scripted premium series with Your Honor and Shameless. It had record OTT sub growth and growth in total subscribers and it's had record engagement. So it's working. The fundamental driver here is content, originals in particular. Again, Shameless and Your Honor in the first quarter.  Movies are important too, as they always have been in the premium category. As we look forward with Showtime, because it is part of your question, we like our slate. We currently have about 10 or 12 ten poll series per year and we support that or package that with three to five kind of lower cost original series. You look what's coming, it's the Return of Dexter, its the Return of Billions, a new series called American Rust with Jeff Daniels, a new series called Yellow Jackets with Juliette Lewis and Christina Ricci, that's pretty hairy kind of series. It's about a plane crash in Latin America and a girl soccer team and kind of what happens in that. We're doing a great project on First Ladies. You could think quasi crown of the U.S. and then starting with the Viola Davis playing Michelle Obama. Really excited about that. We're going to do a Ray Donovan movie. So the list goes on and that product by the way is not only good for Showtime in the U.S. where it'll continue to drive engagement and performance in the category but it's also going to increasingly benefit Paramount+ outside the U.S. where Showtime product is an integral component of the offering. By the way, the movie outlook is good for Showtime too and we have optionality in house. So we're feeling great about Showtime, both standalone and as an integral part of ViacomCBS, including in streaming.  So with that, in closing, I just want to say a couple things. Clearly, very exciting times at ViacomCBS. We have strong operating momentum, we have amazing content, and we have a streaming strategy that is really delivering. You see all of that in our first quarter and it really positions us well moving forward. As management, we have a focus on value creation and delivering for our shareholders. That's true overall and certainly with respect to streaming, as we build on these strong early results and momentum, particularly with respect to Paramount+. It's a differentiated product, it's a product with real competitive advantages, and we're investing to deliver on its promise. So thank you for your time today. Thank you for your support. We look forward to continuing the dialogue as we execute and deliver on the ViacomCBS growth opportunity. And finally, I'd like to thank all the ViacomCBS employees for all they do every day to drive our company forward. Stay well, everyone. 
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks, Bob. And thank you all for joining us. That concludes our earnings call.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. That concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-25 16:15:00) =====
Operator:
Anthony DiClemente: Good afternoon. My name is Anthony DiClemente, and I am the Head of Investor Relations at ViacomCBS. It is my pleasure to welcome you to our Streaming Investor Event and Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Earnings Presentation. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that certain statements made in today's presentation are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Information about these risks and uncertainties are discussed in more detail in our filings with the SEC. Some of today's financial remarks will focus on adjusted results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release or in our trending schedules, which contain supplemental information, and in each case, can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. With that being said, on behalf of everyone at ViacomCBS, I would like to thank you for taking the time to join us this afternoon. And now, sit back, relax, and enjoy the show. [Video Presentation]
Shari Redstone: Thank you, everyone, for joining us. This is a big day, a new day and new beginning. And we're so excited that you tuned in, as we celebrate our vision for the company we share, the content we make and the consumers we serve. I'm speaking to you from Paramount Pictures, which is one of the first movie studios in the world and the last working studio located in Hollywood. My father loved this lot. He loved everything that was created here, and he believed that its future could be even greater than its proud, storied past. I believe it, too, especially today, a year after we brought together Viacom and CBS. When I thought about what that might look like, today is exactly the kind of day I had in mind. The breadth and depth of the creative firepower that you are about to see from this unified company is truly breathtaking. And the incredible executive team, presenting it is as talented and experienced a group as I've ever seen. If your impression of ViacomCBS is still rooted in what we were 3 or 5 or 10 years ago, I invite you to take a fresh look. This is not your father's Viacom, and it's not my father's either. This is a ViacomCBS that is being re-imagined for a new kind of marketplace and a new kind of consumer. As Bob Bakish has said, despite the challenges posed by the world around us, our company's transformation is ahead of schedule. We are optimizing the power of our combined assets and IP. We're unlocking more power in distribution. We're driving growth in subscribers, and we're rapidly realizing the cost savings we promised when we announced the merger. We're now building on this new foundation and on our legacy of innovation. Simply put, we are better-positioned to succeed because we have the best team in the industry, and we are better on the fundamentals. Our leadership in creative teams, our culture, our values, all of this proceeds and informs the vision and the strategy. And we have the vision and the strategy to win and to grow. For all of these reasons, one year in, the market is beginning to recognize the value of the company. And we hope that soon, it will fully recognize that value. You know us as a value stock. But what we are going to show you today is that inside our value company is a powerful engine for growth, one that can propel this company faster and further. It starts and ends with content, and I want to be super clear about this. We are not confused about what we do. We are a pure-play content company. Every single day, we are working toward two mutually reinforcing objectives. First, to maximize the quantity and quality of content, what people want to see, wherever they want to see it. And second, to maximize the value of that content for the long-term and for all of our shareholders. The business case is pretty simple. Consumers are demanding a world-class experience with world-class content. My father famously said, content is king. Today, we affirm anew that ViacomCBS is indeed one of the kings of content. Through Paramount+, we will offer consumers a unique combination of live sports, breaking news and a mountain of entertainment. Some people will tell you that a company like ours has to choose, that we're either all in on linear or all in on streaming. We think that's a false choice. We're not about only linear or only streaming. We're about both linear and streaming. The industry is transitioning. But for consumers, it's happening at different paces in different places. We will live in this hybrid environment for a while, but we are the company that is best-positioned to enable this transition over time. Wherever consumers like to experience their favorite shows and movies today, our promise to you is simple. We will be everywhere you need us to be, on every platform that matters to you with content, creativity and experiences that are second to none. And audiences will stay with us because of that, because of our integrated ecosystem of free, pay and premium streaming platforms that support strong, long-lasting consumer relationships. In the process, we will deliver to our shareholders a whole that is far greater than the sum of its parts. This is a new day for ViacomCBS. And to share more, I am pleased to welcome our President and CEO, Bob Bakish.
Bob Bakish: [Video Presentation] Thank you, Shari. And hello, everyone. On behalf of the ViacomCBS senior leadership team, thank you for joining us on this exciting day. Paramount was the first studio to make a full-length feature film back in 1912. In the century since, Paramount has been home to some of the biggest stars and the biggest movies and television series in Hollywood history. Paramount has also had a front-row seat on every innovation to propel the entertainment industry forward, from the advent of sound and color, to the rise of broadcast television, to the birth and rapid expansion of the Internet. Today, that landscape is being reshaped again, as the industry transitions from linear-based platforms to streaming video. So this lot is the perfect backdrop to launch an exciting new chapter for the Paramount brand and for ViacomCBS. Paramount has thrived through the years for a simple reason, because Paramount tells stories that people love. This is a brand that hasn't just produced iconic movies like The Godfather and Top Gun, but also legendary television series like, The Brady Bunch, Star Trek and Cheers. Paramount has proven that no matter how technology changes the industry, great content will always win in the end. And that same commitment to telling great stories, also sits at the heart of the flagship brands of ViacomCBS. Whether on demand, on broadcast or on the big screen, there's one truth we pride ourselves on that connects all of our brand experiences. We know how to make hits. ViacomCBS has been and remains a consistent hit maker across genres, across demographics, across formats and across platforms. Across our studios, we're one of the biggest suppliers of premium original content in the industry today, with nearly 900 shows in production this year. In addition to hits on our own networks around the world, every major streaming service has had a monster hit from one of our studios. We have made or licensed for third parties some of the most watched shows and movies of the streaming era, including 13 Reasons Why, Emily in Paris, Dead to Me, Jack Ryan, Avatar, The Haunting of Bly Manor and many others. The original shows we've made for others, is proof of the power of our content in the streaming era. And we also know that if we direct that same great content engine back to our own streaming service and unleash that same knack for producing original hits to attract our own subscribers, we can be successful. And that's exactly, what we're setting out to do. A year ago, I said we were going to super size CBS All Access, but we've done much more than that. We've transformed CBS All Access into Paramount+. Paramount+ will be one of the only streaming services to combine live sports, breaking news and a mountain of entertainment, a mountain of entertainment built on a portfolio of world-renowned brands. It's all your favorites, all in one place. Going forward, the combined creative firepower, franchises and IP of Paramount, CBS, MTV, Nickelodeon, Comedy Central, BET and the Smithsonian Channel will be focused on creating original hits for Paramount+. And Paramount+ will also be home to their massive libraries. As you'll hear over the next couple of hours, Paramount+ comes to the streaming space with real advantages that our competitors do not have. And with a strategy that's unique to the marketplace. As the streaming segment continues to evolve and mature, we believe consumers will increasingly be looking for the combination of genres that have long made linear television popular. And ours will be the first service that can do it at scale in each of them, all in one place. It starts with live sports. CBS was a pioneer of live sports on television more than seven decades ago, with coverage of college football, PGA golf and the NFL. College basketball found a home on CBS four decades ago. Today, Paramount+ is helping to bring those sports and more into the streaming era, with over 1,000 live sporting events a year. It will have exclusive matches and tournaments that fans love most, from the NFL to the National Women's Soccer League, from March Madness to the Masters. And we'll have Messi, Ronaldo and Neymar competing for some of soccer's biggest cups. Few other streaming services will offer live sports at this scale. The same is true of breaking news. There are a few brands more storied or celebrated in journalism than CBS News. Back when giants like Edward R. Murrow walked its halls, CBS invented Broadcast News. Eight decades later, our award-winning news programs and franchises, like the renowned 60 Minutes, are among the most watched and trusted in the world. And now that commitment to excellence is carrying over to the streaming era. Paramount+ is the only streaming service where well-informed citizens will get both a 24-hour news network and local news and weather from 200 local affiliates across America. Now we know that fans of sports and news also have this in common. When the game or the news is done, they like to find other content to watch. And as you've seen from our marketing campaign, we have a mountain of entertainment for them to enjoy. How big is that mountain? As you'll see today, it's a lot bigger than you think. It starts with more than 30,000 episodes of iconic television from some of the most popular franchises of all time, and we're building on that library immediately, with a broad slate of original content that we're thrilled to tell you about. This year alone, Paramount+ will debut 36 original series across key genre lines. And it will also have some unforgettable original movies, content that subscribers won't get anywhere else. Now if you like reality TV, Paramount+ is the place for you. Remember, ViacomCBS invented the genre with MTV's The Real World back in 1992, and we've dominated it globally ever since. Paramount+ will have more than 5,000 episodes of the biggest reality hits, including the most-watched reality series on all of television and four of the most popular reality franchises on cable. And we will debut a new reality series every single month in 2021. If you're a parent looking for outstanding kids programming, we have beloved characters and global franchises that have ranked in first place with kids and families for 25 years straight, a library of nearly 7,000 episodes of the most popular series ever and some extraordinary new original series and movies for kids on the way this year, including new versions of a certain sponge that lives under the sea. If scripted dramas are what you love, Paramount+ will, of course, benefit from our top rated broadcast network and studios that produce original programming on a huge scale. And we don't just develop shows. We develop powerful, beloved series and franchises that are as popular on streaming, as they are on broadcast, cable and the big screen. On Paramount+, you'll see powerful new versions of well-established television IP, amazing spin-offs based on franchise movies and of course, some of the best new ideas from creators responsible for a number of the most acclaimed series streaming today. The good news is that you help make our scripted dramas big hits on other services, there's a good chance that the next chapters or spin-off of your favorite franchises will be coming soon, only to Paramount+. In addition to reality, kids and scripted dramas, we also have more than 6,000 episodes of the world's funniest comedy programming and dozens of documentaries coming from award-winning film makers, including sports and news docks. We're thrilled about all of that. And let me tell you what we're most excited about. If you love movies, our service will do justice to the Paramount name. We will provide an unforgettable range of some of the most exciting movies ever made for the Paramount+ consumer. As you will hear in more detail from Jim Gianopulos, movies will come to Paramount+ in a variety of ways. First, some of the biggest, most anticipated new Paramount films will go exclusively to Paramount+ 30 to 45 days after their theatrical release. Second, all other new Paramount movies will appear on Paramount+ after their theatrical run, some as early as 90 days. In addition, new movies from MGM will also appear on Paramount+ during the pay one window. Third, the powerful hit-making studios across all of ViacomCBS are ramping up production to provide a continuous flow of new original movies made exclusively for Paramount+. And fourth, all of these new offerings will be underpinned by a library with over 2,500 titles from Paramount, Miramax and a number of other leading Hollywood studios, which includes some of the most popular films and franchises of all time. In short, if you love movies, Paramount+ is a streaming service that you can't live without. So we have incredible breadth and depth of content coming, truly. That's what we mean by a mountain of entertainment. Today, we're thrilled to show you the original storytelling that's coming in Paramount+. And here to tell us more about that mountain of entertainment, is a man who started more genres in his own right than you can count, our very own, James Corden.
James Corden: [Video Presentation] Thank you, Bob. It's great to be here, and welcome, investors, or should I call you sharks? When Bob asked me to speak here, of course, I said yes. Not only is he my boss, but what else am I going to say? Where are we going to be right now? I'm going to be like, oh, sorry; I've got a really pack day just lying on the living room floor, staring at the corner of a rug. But seriously, though, it's great to see you, Bob. It really is. We don't get the opportunity too often. We're both very busy. He spent his days navigating an ever-changing media landscape. I spend my days telling actress how much I enjoyed their films that I've never actually seen. But here's what you need to know. Paramount+ is coming March 4th, and there is so much amazing content. And as the host of The Late Late Show with James Corden, I know a thing or two about amazing content. Every five or six episodes, we actually managed to produce some. Paramount+ brings together the best in live sports, breaking news, children's shows, comedy, drama, reality and whatever Spy Wars with Damian Lewis'. But I'll say that again, live sports, breaking news and an unbelievable mountain of entertainment. I haven't left my house in nine months, and now it looks like I don't need to be leaving for the next nine either. Now we all know that there are a lot of streaming services out there. But when it comes to streaming, Paramount+ is doing things differently. We break the mold. Here are just a few ways Paramount+ is different from those other streaming services. First off, I have it on good authority that there are zero other streaming services named Paramount+. And I promise you this, if our service goes down, Bob has promised to personally fly to each customer's homes and act out their favorite television episodes for them. I mean, what other streaming CEO would do that? But seriously, Paramount+ has so many shows and movies to offer. It has Peppa Pig and the Jersey Shore. And I can't say this for certain, but if you invest enough, there might be a crossover. Paramount+ also has the new SpongeBob SquarePants movie, as well as the original SpongeBob Show. This is great news for both children and adults who live anywhere where weed is legal. What's that? You want Mission Impossible movies? Well, we got them. We've got Missions Impossible. Here's the thing about those films. The mission was always eventually possible. That's basically what every single movie was about. They should have called them Mission Difficult. But we've got them, and it's still a great watch. We've also got Love Island. I've got a soft spot for Love Island, because just like Love Island, I'm also a sexy import from Britain. Paramount+ has so many incredible shows, but I want to highlight one show in particular, and that's The Late Late Show with James Corden. Honestly, you don't even have to watch it. Just click play and go in the other room. That's what my family does. And heres the promise, whether it's an announcer for Real Madrid during Champions League Soccer or just an episode of Jersey Shore, you will get plenty of good use out of the subtitles feature. Now that I've told you about Paramount+, it's time for me to throw back to Bob. Bob?
Bob Bakish: Thanks, James. Lastly, let me say that Paramount+ is not the only part of our streaming strategy that makes us unique. We're also the only media company to fully embrace an ecosystem of free, pay and premium streaming services. That starts with free. We acquired Pluto TV two years ago because it is a compelling, free, ad-based complement to linear and streaming video. Today, Pluto is the number one free ad-supported streaming television service in the United States and is quickly becoming a leading fast service around the world. Pluto may not be a planet, but it sure looks like a rocket ship. And it's well on its way to being a $1 billion business, and it's not going to stop there. On the premium side of the spectrum, we have Showtime OTT and BET+. We believe strongly in the premium space, because it attracts a different kind of consumer, one who values provocative, cutting-edge content and storytelling that takes risks. All told, no matter where you are on your streaming journey, we have fantastic content for you. This is a differentiated winning strategy. One of the reasons I'm so excited about our streaming future is that we have Tom Ryan, the visionary who built Pluto TV and a master at seeing and acting upon white spaces, driving our streaming execution across free, pay and premium. As Tom will tell you, you don't want to miss the chance to be part of it. It's my pleasure to introduce the President and CEO of Streaming at ViacomCBS, Tom Ryan.
Tom Ryan: Thanks, Bob. I've spent most of my career as an entrepreneur, creating, launching and leading companies that reflect the things I love, great music, art, fashion, film and TV. Each of these companies was unique. They span different industries. But what made them successful was something they all had in common. Each used curation to solve the paradox of choice, delivering not just the right product or content, but the right experience for every consumer. Whether you're talking about music play lists, design collections or channels in the case of my most recent startup, Pluto TV. Curation is the differentiator, which means my job description really hasn't changed much over the years, because delivering the right content and the right experience is not just a part of the streaming strategy we're discussing today, its the whole ball game. Starting with the center piece of that strategy, a new paid service that we believe represents the next evolution of streaming beyond CBS All Access, beyond film and TV as we know it, where no one has gone before. [Video Presentation] Live sports plus breaking news plus a mountain of entertainment, Paramount+, the next exciting chapter for one of the most storied brands in Hollywood. A brand-new, one-stop, live and on-demand streaming service with one of the broadest content experiences across more genres and the hit-making power of ViacomCBS at our backs.  We're leveraging our massive catalog, our key franchises and storied IP and some of the world's greatest content creators to assemble a truly unique and compelling service, with more than 30,000 episodes and more than 2,500 movies and more on the way, the sheer depth and breadth of content makes Paramount+ a world-class streaming service on day one.  We're putting more of what people want in one place because we know most viewers come to us for more than just entertainment. Paramount+ is uniquely positioned to serve this large audience of people who love all kinds of content in the streaming space. But it's not just about aggregation. We're curating all of this amazing content by brand and genre to deliver the combination of news, sports and entertainment that we know people will flock to.  Our user experience is built around the joy of discovery. And Paramount+ doesn't just get the basics right. We're delivering an on-demand experience with originals in 4K, HDR and Dolby Vision, mobile downloads so it's easy to watch your favorite shows and movies on the go and cross-platform dynamic play functionality that lets you pick up right where you left off. Our personally curated carousels use machine learning to offer recommendations for every family member. This encourages deeper scrolling, presents users with more new shows and movie to love and leads to more streams and longer viewing times. We've rebuilt our entire live experience, and we're introducing a new feature called On Now, which provides immediate access to content playing on our live channels including, CBS, CBSN and CBS Sports HQ. You can watch games and matches from our growing line-up of exclusive sports programming, get breaking national and local news or catch-up with award-winning daily and weekly shows like 60 Minutes, CBS This Morning or the CBS Evening News. We're even taking what we learned about curation from the explosive growth of Pluto TV and applying it to Paramount+. The service will expand overtime to include new curated linear channels of movies, shows and originals, offering an effortless lean-back experience. And it's not just the content from each of our brands can be discovered throughout the service. Curation means every one of them from CBS to Nickelodeon to Comedy Central to MTV, to BET and more will have a dedicated home on Paramount+. We know from our research that when it comes to choosing what to watch, these iconic brands are already deeply trusted content curators in their own right. They're universally known and loved. Each comes to the service with a deep library of fan favorites, plus an all-new slate of originals you won't be able to find anywhere else. And nearly all have greater than 90% brand awareness. Just seeing these logos makes it easier and faster to find what you're looking for. But it's the way these lanes come together when we reach across brands and start to think about the leading genres that generate the most interest and excitement, engagement and retention, from sports to news, to movies, from kids to scripted dramas to reality shows and everything in between. That's when you start to get a sense of how powerful this new service really is. And we haven't just dominated these genres. In many cases, we pioneered them in markets around the world. Take a look. [Video Presentation] Paramount+ is home to the leading franchises and valuable IP, not just in the streaming space, but in all of entertainment. Curation means maximizing this IP and expanding these beloved franchises from SpongeBob to Star Trek and beyond to attract and engage with the millions upon millions of passionate fans who love these stories, know everything about their favorite characters and would follow them anywhere. Soon, they will follow them to Paramount+. But we're not just relying on brand recognition. We know that we need to keep turning out high-quality, ground-breaking content to expand our audience's trust, extend our lead and take our indelible dynamic library to the next level. So we're going to hear directly from the brand leads behind this work, starting with George Cheeks, President and CEO, CBS Entertainment Group, about how our studio content engines are kicking in to high gear, making bold new investments and creating an all-new lineup of unforgettable shows and movies exclusively for Paramount+.  [Video Presentation]
George Cheeks: Wow! Thanks, Ru. That's a serious view you've got up there. Now as Bob said earlier, Paramount+ stands out because it provides the full breadth of programming that consumers love. In addition to all the entertainment content CBS will bring to Paramount+, we're also contributing two of the service's biggest differentiators, live sports and breaking news. So let's talk about live sports. It's a huge passion point in our lives and the number one acquisition driver for our current streaming service. Fans come to us because we have college football and basketball. We've got the PGA Tour. We've got marquee events like the Super Bowl, NCAA March Madness, the Masters and the PGA championship. And of course, we have the NFL. It's television's most valuable property by far, attracting massive audiences and major advertisers. And it will be fundamental to the growth of Paramount+. It drives more subscriptions than any other program and significant engagement, too. Time spent streaming NFL games grew 88% this season alone. Any NFL game you can watch on CBS, you can stream on Paramount+. Bottom line, everything sports fans love on CBS, everything that brings them to us and everything that keeps them with us, our marquee properties, regular season games, playoffs, championships, all of this will be available on Paramount+. We're also doubling down on soccer for Paramount+. It's the world's most popular sport with billions of fans globally. And it's rapidly growing here in the US among young, diverse, enthusiastic digital natives, exactly the type of audience that's drawn to streaming. Plus it's year round, which means no seasonal churn. So as we look to the future, we are making soccer a core pillar of sports exclusively available on Paramount+. We will be the home of UEFA, including the popular Champions League, Europa League and Europa Conference League and the only place in the US where you can find every match, every season. That's hundreds of exclusive matches with renowned clubs like Man City, Barcelona and Bayern Munich. UEFA currently drives more new subscriptions than any sports partner except the NFL. Now for fans of Megan Rapinoe, Julie Ertz or Carli Lloyd, Paramount+ also will be the home of the national women's soccer league, with full regular season coverage and now the challenge cup. In addition to this, we've added exclusive US English language rights to three more soccer properties and hundreds of additional matches. We'll have more than 200 matches from Concacaf, covering 41 national teams across North and Central America and the Caribbean, including high profile matches for the US men's and women's national teams, as well as the women's World Cup qualifiers. We'll have more than 300 matches a year from Argentina's top soccer division with more than a century of history and some of the most famous rivalries in the world. We'll have 350 matches a year from Brazil's premier soccer league, known for holding the most club world champion titles and for producing exceptional young superstars. With the breadth of our sports programming available on Paramount+ as well as the depth of new exclusive matches and tournaments, few other streaming services will offer live sports at this scale. So let's hear what this means for fans from the people who know them best. [Video Presentation] Thanks, guys. Now as Jim and Tony know, fans don't stop watching when players stop playing. So while Paramount+ will be the leader in live sports, we'll also have original programming that will take fans even deeper into the sports they love. Here's just one example. Inside the NFL, it's a go-to program for NFL fans with the most respected experts in the industry offering an inside look at America's most popular sport. And it's coming exclusively to Paramount+. This is exactly the kind of programming that turns new subscribers into lifelong fans, and it's just the beginning. Now beyond sports, Paramount+ will give you deeper insight into our world with breaking news and impactful journalism from the award-winning CBS News team, Truth Matters. And today, more than ever, we need best-in-class unbiased journalism that brings us the news as soon as it happens and unpacks the most pressing questions of the day with context and with perspective. This is what CBS News stands for. Time-honored broadcast with steadfast followers, trusted journalists who help people understand not just what's happening, but why? And who better to speak to the power of CBS News than Norah O'Donnell and Gayle King.
Gayle King: Hey, George, as you can see, I'm here with your favorite evening news anchor, that's Norah O'Donnell. Hey, Norah.
Norah O'Donnell: Hey, Gayle, and hey, George. Hi, everybody, so good to be here.
Gayle King: This truly is an unprecedented time for us. Now it's not just about reporting a story. It's about why it matters. And that is the reason we go after and talk to the key people at the heart of every story at the end of the day, Norah. We know that's what really matters.
Norah O'Donnell: It's so true. CBS News and all of the reporters here have a mission, to break news, to tell stories that may never see the light of day if it weren't for our relentless efforts to listen, report and bring important issues to the public. That's what all of our shows really do.
Gayle King: We hope so. This is the home of some of the most honored and iconic news franchises in the world from CBS This Morning, that's me, Anthony Mason and Tony Dokoupil. CBS Evening News with Nora O'Donnell, 60 minutes, CBS Sunday Morning with Jane Pauley, Face the Nation with Margaret Brennan 48 hours, and the list goes on and on.
Norah O'Donnell: The very best shows and also we tell the new stories that are compelling, and we do interviews that have impact. I'm proud to be part of CBS News and excited that we will be bringing the best news content in the business to Paramount+ alongside live sports and a mountain of entertainment, yes, all in one place.
Gayle King: Yes, Norah. I'm proud, too. Definitely exciting for all of us here at CBS News. George, your turn. Back to you.
George Cheeks: Thanks so much, Gayle and Norah. So, in addition to the news programs our viewers already love, Paramount+ will be home to brand-new series based on our award-winning franchises. First 60 Minutes Plus, a compelling new version of the world-renowned News Magazine and the number one news program in America. The program will feature the famous ticking stopwatch, as well as the hallmark storytelling that has made it a Sunday night favorite for generations, investigations that expose injustice, correspondents who travel the globe to interview world leaders and cultural icons who open up and reveal their true selves, respected award-winning journalists, Enrique Acevedo, Wes Lowery, Laurie Segall and Seth Doane will speak directly to the next-generation of viewers on a news magazine built for them. That's 60 Minutes Plus exclusively on Paramount+. Next up, the new 48 Hours, true crime docu series, exclusive for Paramount+, it's called a Lie-Detector. A Texas Rangers who has spent 25 years getting into the minds of killers in high-profile, twisted murder cases. He will take viewers behind the scenes into some of the most infamous cases he has handled. You'll find the same style and quality of true crime reporting you've come to expect from the producers of the Emmy and Peabody Award-Winning 48 Hours. But this time, in a new and compelling original format. And then there's CBSN. CBS News is global, 24/7 digital new service. It's a live, anchored stream with breaking news and round-the-clock coverage. Now it's been embedded within CBS All Access since 2017, which means we've had a big head start with a streaming news service on a premium service. We've got years of data on what news stories people consume, as well as how and when they consume it. We know our CBSN audience is 20 years younger than our broadcast audience. Also viewers who streamed CBSN daily last year spend an average of 55 minutes on the service. And CBSN broke records in 2020 with more than 1 billion streams across platforms and connected devices. That's a year-over-year increase of 200%. All of these showcase our strength and storytelling. And increasingly, we see audiences hungry for shows that document history from the distant past to history that's being made today. So I'm excited to tell you about just a few of the amazing documentaries from all across ViacomCBS that we're bringing to Paramount+. For sports, we'll bring fans up close to the greatest sports figures and the moments that define them. NEVER GIVE IN tells a story of Alice Ferguson the legendary manager of Manchester United and one of the most memorable figures in European football. And building on our strength in soccer, were producing an original series of documentaries called the Stories from the Beautiful Game from Pete Radovich, the award winning producer of our UEFA Champions League coverage Well release four to five soccer documentaries every year, beginning later this year. We'll also produce exclusive documentaries in the immediate aftermath of momentous events like the siege on the Capitol last month. These instant documentaries, or inst docs will be released within days of breaking news, and we'll dive deeper into events that have gripped the nation's attention. Our documentary slate for Paramount+ will include projects from some of the world's best filmmakers. First up will be Black Gold from Oscar nominated director Darren Aronofsky and Time Studios. It's a true life conspiracy thriller about big oils decade's long campaign to trade our planet for profit. From Smithsonian, we have a series on Watergate that illuminates a moment in our history that parallels so much of what's happening right now. And from MTV documentary films, we have the Oscar shortlisted 76 days, an extraordinary inside look at Wuhan, China in the early days of the COVID-19 pandemic. Take a look. [Video Presentation] I honestly can't think of a story more gripping, more powerful and more relevant to this moment. And this is just one of the many documentaries you will find on Paramount+. Now as you can see, we are bringing the full weight of our talent, our resources and our expertise to this new service, live sports, exclusive championship events, the richest in-depth storytelling, investigative reporting and high-profile interviews, 24/7 live news and compelling documentaries. Together, these offerings will put Paramount+ in a league all its own. No other streaming service will offer sports and news coverage of this quality and at this scale. But as Bob said, these are just two pieces of the puzzle. So to tell you about our mountain of entertainment, please welcome Chairman and CEO of Paramount Pictures, Jim Gianopulos.
Jim Gianopulos: Thank you, George. Now movies have always been very special to me. Growing up in Brooklyn, my grandfather was a Greek immigrant, took me to the movies all the time. It was his way of spending time with me and learning English in the process. I would translate what was happening on the screen as a sort of un-credited voiceover, which created some irritated shushes from fellow patrons. He wasn't very particular about the movies we saw, choosing them more from the geography of the theater than what was playing. We saw thrillers and westerns and romances, you name it. He inadvertently took me to see Psycho. I was 8. Before many of the movies we saw, the lights would go down, that iconic mountain would come up, that Crown of Stars would trail in from off screen and a great Paramount presentation would begin. For over a century, Paramount has thrilled generations of audiences. It's one of the world's most recognized brands, known for great stories told well and unforgettable experiences that stand the test of time. And that's why we're so pleased that the Paramount name will be the one that carries a great new streaming service forward into a new era. If you love movies as much as I do, Paramount+ is the service you can't do without. It starts with access to one of the greatest film libraries in the world, generation-defining films like The Godfather, Indiana Jones and Forest Gump and Top Gun. Dramas like China Town and Titanic and comedies like The Odd Couple and Beverly Hills Cop and Wolf of Wall Street and romances like Sabrina and Ghost, sci-fi films like War of the Worlds and World War Z. And that great library is now augmented with the addition of over 700 titles from the Miramax library as well. Here's a look at our library and some of what's coming to Paramount+. [Video Presentation] As Bob mentioned, that's not all that will be on our service for film lovers. Thanks to the Epix deal we announced, we'll be making available thousands of a wide variety of studios to Paramount+ subscribers. Beginning in late spring, Paramount+ will have available for streaming some of the most popular films and franchises of our time, including films from the James Bond and Hunger Games franchises to films like The Addams family and The Avengers, among many others. In addition, Paramount's recent titles will be unified and available as well from Dora the Explorer to Sonic The Hedgehog to Bumblebee and Rocket Man, all coming to Paramount+. All told, we'll have more than 2,500 movies on Paramount Plus, and that's just the ones that already exist. We have an exciting robust slate of some of the most anticipated films and beloved franchises planned for 2021 and the years to come. As we always have, we believe in the power of theatrical releases. And we have faith that after things get back to normal, audiences will enthusiastically return to theater. At the same time, consumers have also increasingly embraced streaming as another way to enjoy films, and our strategy accounts for both. I'm pleased to say some of our biggest releases this year will go exclusively from movie theaters to Paramount+. That starts with the sequel to one of the most original and memorable films of the past few years. In John Krasinski's expert hands, A Quiet Place showed us that if they hear you, they hunt you. The film captivated audiences and earned huge box offers receipts, all with a very compelling premise. How do you protect your children from the world around you? In A Quiet Place Part II, the Abbott family has been forced into the outside world and must fight for survival in silence. It's my privilege to show you the trailer for A Quiet Place Part II scheduled for release this September and coming to Paramount+ just 45 days after its theatrical release. [Video Presentation] Another one of our titles to make an exclusive streaming debut in year one on Paramount+ after its theatrical release is the first film for one of the most beloved children's [Technical Difficulty], the kind that inspire moments like a seemingly mild-mannered CEO jumping out of a plane at 35,000 feet. While it was Bob Backish inside at helm at this time, this November, Tom Cruise returns as Ethan Hunt in the next installment of one of the most beloved action spy series of all time, Mission Impossible. Mission Impossible 7 is scheduled for theatrical release on November 19 and will come to Paramount+ exclusively 45 days later. The rest of our 2021 film line-up, including Snake Eyes and Clifford the Big Red Dog and Top Gun Maverick will all be coming to Paramount+ in 2022 after their respective theatrical runs. Future releases like Sonic the Hedgehog, the newest Transformers, Dungeons and Dragons, The Saint and many others will also be coming to Paramount+ after their theatrical runs. New MGM films such as Respect and Creed 3 and Gucci will also be coming to Paramount+ after their theatrical runs. But that's not all. There's much more in store and content coming directly to Paramount+. As Brian Robbins will discuss in a moment, we will also release SpongeBob SquarePants Sponge on the Run exclusively on Paramount+. In the streaming era, many have come to us as content creators with access to talent and storytellers and ideas and intellectual property to make original programming for them. Together with our sister studios at ViacomCBS, Paramount will now be ramping up our in-house engine for original hit series and movies made exclusive for Paramount+. Many of these films will stem from our franchises. Our originals will cover a wide range of genres, and the first offerings will focus on one of the most popular, horror and the supernatural. We're commencing production on new film versions of Paranormal Activity and Pet Cemetery, as well as an original supernatural story, the In Between, featuring Joey King, the star of the smash hit, The Kissing Booth. As I learned long ago, seeing that mountain onscreen signified that we were going to love what we were about to watch. And that no matter who you are or where you come from, the mountain has always had something for you. That has been true of Paramount over the years, and it's true of Paramount+ as well. In addition to film, our Paramount television studios has had huge success with shows for a wide variety of platforms. And we'll now be bringing that talent to producing original series for Paramount+, accessing the rich trove of our assets and our franchises. To say more about our forthcoming series, please welcome the President of Paramount Television Studios, Nicole Clemens.
Nicole Clemens: Thank you, Jim. I know we both feel tremendous reverence for Paramount's legacy and library and see great opportunity to take that legacy into the future. For me, that starts with The Godfather. In our forthcoming event limited series, the offer screenwriter, Michael Token, brings us the true story of the making of one of the most celebrated movies in cinematic history. The story of how this film ultimately made its way from page to screen is nothing short of a miracle, one wrapped in intrigue, betrayal, sacrifice, menace and audacity. When it premieres on Paramount+, The Offer will journey with producer, Al Ruddy, on his quest to bring The Godfather to the screen. Al Ruddy wanted to make a movie about terrifying ice cold people who you love. He did and lived it [Technical Difficulty] scripted dramas like The Offer drive viewership and engagement. We know because nearly every major streaming service includes one of Paramount Television Studios biggest hits from Jack Ryan and Defending Jacob to the Haunting of Bly Manor, Catch 22 and 13 Reasons Why. And now we have the unique opportunity to harness Paramount's incredible library to create shows that come with a built-in fan base for Paramount+. While we have no shortage of source material, we're being very selective and strategic in choosing what IP is best positioned for modern streaming consumers, and there will be something for everyone. Grease: Rise of the Pink Ladies will come to Paramount+ from executive producer, Annabel Oakes, and the producers of La La Land and Twilight. With both classic and new Songs and a diverse cast, this series is a prequel to the unforgettable musical film Grease, and tells the story of how Frenchy's older sister Jane founded The Pink Ladies. Award-winning Mad Men writer, Tracy McMillan, is writing a new Flashdance drama series. It will pick up from where the story left off but in present day. True Blood's Angela Robinson will direct and executive produce the series with Linda Obst. Josh Schwartz and Stephanie Savage, the executive producers of Gossip Girl, The O.C. and Looking for Alaska, are bringing to Paramount+ a series based on the award-winning perennial film Love Story. Fans of The Italian Job and the Parallax View can also look forward to series based on these iconic films. Since the 1960s, Star Trek has been one of Paramount and CBS' most revered franchises. More recently, the three Star Trek series launched on CBS All Access have broken records. And now the Star Trek journey will continue on Paramount+, boldly going where no man has gone before with more universes, more storylines and more mind-blowing visual effects. Soon, viewers will be able to enjoy new realms of this final frontier and binge the classic shows and films as well, truly the best of all worlds. On the television side, producer Alex Kurtzman has brilliantly crafted Star Trex's new voyages with a clear vision for what comes next. Take a look as he explores the ever-expanding Star Trek universe. [Video Presentation] Thank you, Alex. In addition to the new shows we're building from our franchise IP, we're excited to leverage our relationships with the most talented creators in the industry to develop new originals and a steady stream of innovative programming for Paramount+. Now to tell us more about the slate of incredible shows coming to the service, please welcome EVP of Development and Programming, Julie McNamara.
Julie McNamara: Thanks, Nicole. Our franchise strategy is core to our vision for Paramount+ originals with brilliant creators, top talent and the right execution for the moment, we've created hits like the Star Trek franchise entries Alex just talked about, The Twilight Zone and The Good Fight, all modern reimaginings of beloved TV shows that were groundbreaking in their day and are newly significant now, and this is just the beginning. To expand a franchise, whether from a movie or a TV series, you have to have a visionary at the helm, making sure every show has its own unique flavor and reason for being. These genius creators are hard to come by, and we are partnering with some of the best. It's my pleasure to kick it over to one of the most impressive prolific creators out there today, Oscar and Golden Globe nominee, Taylor Sheraton, creator of Yellowstone, the number one series on cable, along with some of the creative talent he's working with on some very exciting projects for Paramount+. [Video Presentation] With creators like Taylor, an entire universe can emerge from a single great show. And when it comes to crime procedurals, we have a lot of great shows. No one does the crime procedural better than CBS. NCIS, Hawaii Five-0, MacGyver, Seal Team, FBI, all of this library content is on our platform. And of course, so is Criminal Minds. It's a huge hit on broadcast and consistently one of the top 10 shows streaming. On Netflix, it was the third most viewed series in 2020. And now the only place you can find all 15 seasons will be Paramount+. We're also creating a suite of new projects that build on the success of this show and our culture's ever-growing obsession with criminal cases. First, a scripted series, bringing the gang back together, same show runner, same breaking down of the criminal psyche and catching the bad guy, all the things you love about Criminal Minds. But instead of a new case every week, it will be a single fascinating case story told over 10 episodes each season. And second, a true crime series, the Real Criminal Minds, where a real FBI profiler analyzes real cases and real criminal behavior, illustrated by clips fans will remember from the fictional series. Also building on the crime genre, we're doing a follow-up to Waco, Paramount Networks' massive hit mini series as part of our new anthology entitled American Tragedy. Exclusive to Paramount+, each season of American Tragedy will tackle complicated and conspiracy-ridden moments in history. Of course, crime is not the only genre that has pulled in Die Hard fans. Our hit Dramedy, Younger, developed a super strong fan base over the course of its six amazing seasons. In fact, it was the number one original cable sitcom among women 25 to 54 during each of its last three years. Fans have been waiting impatiently for the final season, and now they'll be able to find that season on Paramount+. So it's my pleasure to give you a first look. [Video Presentation] With each new franchise entry, our goal is to create moments. Not just the splash of a big entrance, but the lasting ripples of a new conversation. So now I'm thrilled to announce the revival of one of the most highly acclaimed, most successful comedy series of all time. Frasier is coming back exclusively to Paramount+.  It's one of the most popular shows in our library, and the new series will have everything you love about the original, coziness, great writing and, of course, a cast led by multiple Emmy winner Kelsey Grammer. It's nostalgic and contemporary all at once. Paramount+ will be home not only to franchises based on movies and television series, but also to franchises based on video games. To start, one of very, very popular video game.  To tell you more, please welcome the CEO of Showtime Networks, David Nevins.
David Nevins: Thank you, Julie. I'm here to talk about Halo, one of the most important game franchises of all time. The reason Halo has persisted in the culture for two decades is because of its incredible narrative and rich universe of stories and characters. With a cast led by Pablo Schreiber as the iconic Master Chief, the upcoming Halo series will weave intimate personal stories with incredible action and a lavishly imagined vision of the future.  Halo has been in production in Hungary. And I can tell you, it's visually stunning, totally thrilling, and significantly, it offers true four-quadrant general audience appeal. Its so promising in fact that weve made the strategic decision to have Showtime serve as the studio that produces the series for Paramount+. Thats right, Halo premier on Paramount+ early in 2022 and we all believe its going to be defining show for our new super service. We see this as another example of us marshalling the finest resources of the company in service of Paramount+. 
Julie McNamara: We are all very excited about this new series.
David Nevins: It's my privilege for the first time ever to show you a sneak peek of Halo coming to Paramount+ early in 2022. [Video Presentation] 
Julie McNamara: There's no question Paramount+ will be home to some of the greatest franchises on TV, but every franchise begins with a single game-changing series. So you better believe we'll be taking big swings and teaming up with top creative talent to create the next big thing. I'd like to share just a few of the notable new projects we have planned. First, I'm thrilled to announce that we have found our Man Who Fell to Earth in Oscar nominee and BAFTA winner, Chiwetel Ejiofor. Based on the iconic science fiction novel and film, The Man Who Fell to Earth tells the story of an alien who arrives on this planet and reveals more about human nature than humans ever could. Next up, Guilty Party, a dark comedy starring Kate Beckinsale, as a journalist who gets in over her head when she tries to salvage her career by investigating the story of a young woman in jail for murdering her husband. Then there's The Game, a sitcom that broke records when it premiered on BET, which is returning to the field with a mix of original cast and new players and will offer a modern-day examination of black culture through the prism of pro-football. At a time when we all could use more laughter in our lives, shows like Frasier, Guilty Party and The Game are embracing comedy in a big way. To tell us more about comedy on Paramount+ and some of the other genres that will define our new service, I want to introduce President of MTV Entertainment Group, Chris McCarthy.
Chris McCarthy: Thanks, Julie. Now we just heard some great new comedy projects that are coming to Paramount+, and I'm excited to share some new ones. But first, let me tell you why how comedy matters to streaming. Now when we look at total minutes consumed across the leading streaming services, comedy is the genre that rises to the top of the list. So what does that mean? Well, it means that comedy helps to capture new subscribers and it helps to keep existing ones. You see, viewers enjoy binging episode after episode of friendly faces and familiar characters. In many ways, comedy is our comfort food. And when it comes to beloved characters from iconic franchises, Paramount+ delivers. With over 6,000 episodes, it's clear that comedy is central to Paramount+. Now we've got it all. Everything from I Love Lucy to Everybody Hates Chris, from Hot in Cleveland to The Neighborhood and from Strangers with Candy to and the famous Friends and Cheers. Paramount+ also brings us some of the funniest families in television, including Family Ties, the Brady Bunch, Young Sheldon, Melissa, Mom, and of course, Frasier. Now Paramount+ will also be the home to iconic sketch shows from the man who reinvented the genre in Chappelle Show to the guys who took it to new heights with Kinpeo [ph] and of course, the women who made it their own, Sarah Silverman and Amy Schumer. In fact, Amy is back for a very special new season of Inside Amy Schumer. And if topical comedy is your thing, well, Paramount+ has you covered with the raining chance of late night. I'm talking about Stephen Colbert, James Corden and, of course, Comedy Central's, Trevor Noah. Plus exclusive new originals that offer a fresh take on the day's events, like Stephen Colbert's is turning out the news, and something very special from my friend, Trevor Noah, who is here to tell us more about that now. [Video Presentation]
Trevor Noah: Well, thank you so much for that, Chris. And I'm not going to lie guys. Paramount+ sounds incredible, but not nearly as incredible as Trevor+. That's right, people. A new streaming platform that's going to blow Paramount+ of the water. I mean, sure Paramount+ has breaking news, but Trevor+ has news that you won't hear anywhere else because I'll be making it up. For instance, did you hear that they found chocolate inside Mount Everest? Of course, you didn't. It's a Trevor+ exclusive. And yes, Paramount+ offers classic new and original shows, I mean, and movies, including the best in reality, comedy, music, animation and late night, yes, true mountain of entertainment. But Trevor+ doesn't have any kind of mountain. What we do have is a plus sign. And my plus sign could mean anything. Maybe there's more than one Trevor. Maybe I'll be doing arithmetic all day. The possibilities are endless. And yes, I know that Paramount+ has live sports, but I'm proud to announce that at Trevor+, we couldn't get the rights to any live spots. So instead, I'm just going to be showing off my karate skills. All right, people, let's be honest. I'll never be able to compete with Paramount+, which is why I've made the unfortunate decision to announce that after magical zero days in business, Trevor+ is shutting down. But as the old saying goes, if you can't beat them, well, why not host a show for them on Paramount+. That's right, a new weekly show hosted by me, Trevor black belt Noah is coming to Paramount+ later this year. Each week, I'll look at the stories across the media landscape and talk with the people behind those stories, the people you know, the people you don't know and the people you didn't even know that you didn't know. It's kind of exciting, right? My favorite part is that, wait, if I'm doing the daily show, and I'm going to be doing a weekly show, what am I still doing? I've got to get to work. Chris, back to you.
Chris McCarthy: Thanks, Trevor. We're also excited to share that we'll be doing exclusive original comedy movies that will reignite franchises for new and old fans alike. Like a new special from the guys of Workaholics, who are working hard for the pandemic and the gang from UNO 911, who returned to take us on the elusive search for quinone [ph] certainly not one to be missed. And we even have two of America's most famous couch potatoes, who went in on the action, and they are here joining us today via Zoom. [Video Presentation] Well, it's great to have certainty back where it belongs in animation. Okay. So it's clear that we know comedy. But there's another category that we know really well as well, and that's music, because for almost 40 years, MTV has chronicled the world of music through the eyes of the most important artists, telling their stories and only in a way that we can because we were there. And now we're bringing back some of our most iconic franchises and opening up our vault exclusively for Paramount+ with new seasons Behind the Music, Unplugged and the legendary TV Raps, plus new original music series like Cradle to the Stage with Dave Grohl and Foo Fighters. Now switching gears, I want to talk about another area that we know really well, and that's because we created it. It's reality television. Now reality television is one of the hottest genres today. It's long reined in the top 10 across broadcast and cable, and that's around the globe. But it's also the fastest-growing genre in streaming. Look at Netflix alone, and we see that reality made up half of the top 10 new series. Now that's a category that barely crack the top 10 just a few years ago. So let's take a look at where it all started right here back in 1992. [Video Presentation] That's right. You've guessed it. We're kicking off Paramount + with the first reality series in the first reality house with the first reality cast of all time, back together for the first time in over three decades. Now we've come a long way since the railroad. And as you've heard from Bob, we dominate the reality category today with over 5,000 episodes of some of the biggest hits. But what you might not know is how important reality is to sports fans. So guess what sports fans are watching when they're not watching the biggest game? That's right. It's reality TV. And as you heard from George, sports is a key differentiator for us. And so reality will help drive new subs and it will help us to retain the existing subs that sports helps to bring in. So we have all the biggest hits to help us do that from love and hip hop to Love Island from Drag Race to The Amazing Race from survivor to the challenge and of course from Big Brother to the big bros in Jersey Shore. And I'm excited to share with you today, a great new slate a Paramount+ originals using some of our biggest franchise IP, including The Challenge: All Stars, RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars, and a new series Queen of the Universe, which is this global search for the world's best new drag queen. And of course there's Big Brother's 24 hour live feed and the red hot Love Island after show. Plus in addition to the real world, we're bringing back some of the most beloved reality franchises, exclusively for Paramount+ including Road Rules, Ink Master and Dating Naked. So let's take a look at why Paramount + will rule reality. [Video Presentation] Its all great stuff and its all right here on Paramount+. And now, I like to turn it over to my colleague and friend, Brian Robbins, the President, Kids & Family Entertainment to tells about the amazing content, he and his team have in store for us on Paramount+. [Video Presentation]
Brian Robbins: That video was just a quick Roll Call of some of Nickelodeon's greatest characters and global franchises, the engines that have kept this brand in first place with kids and families for 25 years straight. Shows like SpongeBob SquarePants, which is hands down, the most watched kids franchise there is. PAW Patrol, the biggest preschool property on the planet with an unparalleled 97% awareness rate. Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Henry danger, Dora, Blue's Clues and many more. These are franchises that audiences connect to and follow on every platform that we take them to. From linear, we're number one with all the top 10 shows in every demo to digital like YouTube, where our channels like Nick Jr, our top 10 globally to music, gaming, consumer products and experiences, like our coverage of the NFL wild card game, which can entertain the whole family and capture the attention of the whole world. And when you put it all together, the NIC brand is approaching absolute ubiquity with kids SU 211, along with the millions of nostalgic adults who grew up with our shows, and now want to share them with their own kids. So we know the audience is ready to follow us again, as we move to Paramount+. Kids are early adopters, and they've led the way with streaming. Households with children subscribed to almost 40% more streaming services than those without. And once these families subscribe, they stay subscribed. So by using the power of our franchises, our deep connection with the audience and our significant reach, we're going to make Paramount+ a must have streaming service for kids and their families. Now on one hand, we have our content library, 7,000 episodes of hit shows, in every genre kids love, including a powerhouse roster of curriculum driven, preschool hits, like Paw Patrol, Blaze, Dora and Diego, Blue's Clues and many more. And with our content, translated into more than 25 languages, were already set to fuel the services international expansion. And now on the other hand, we're stocking Paramount+, with a growing slate of original productions, strategically built around our biggest and best franchises. Now we surveyed which are the most celebrated, the most requested and which holds the most creative possibilities and that has led us to produce the string of Reimagine Series starting with Avatar, The Last Airbender. It's considered one of the greatest animated series of the last 30 years. Our hero's journey through a universe of myth and fantasy, with a dedicated fan base that is super size since the show's original run on Nickelodeon in 2008. Now to satisfy the demand for more chapters of this franchise, we're now establishing Avatar studios, which will be led by the original creators with the goal to further develop this fantastic universe. Together, will produce all new series, short form content, spin-offs and theatrical films. It's an all out expansion of everything Avatar with Paramount+ at the core. And then, there's SpongeBob, which in many ways is the centerpiece example of our strategy, pairing beloved library with brand new takes on beloved characters. SpongeBob is simply a property that wins on every platform. Number one on TV, in games and products, and ubiquitous on social media, where it's mentioned or made into a meme every five seconds. And yes, that is a real stat. Paramount+ is already home to the complete SpongeBob library. In next month, we upped the ante with dual editions of the Sponge on the Run feature film, and the brand new series Camp Carl, where viewers will see SpongeBob in gorgeous CG animation and learn how he and his friends first met. Here's a clip. [Video Presentation] Also teed up for the second quarter of this year is an All-New Rugrats, the original Nic franchise that still holds a special place in almost every millennials childhood memories. The babies we all know in love are back with a new animation style and the original voice cast on board. And here's the very first sneak peek. [Video Presentation] Next on deck for the fall is the most successful kids' TV shows of all time, iCarly, a show that define its time, predicted a future of young internet creators and entrepreneurs and gave us Spaghetti Tacos. The new show has the same humor and focus on friendship. But now the characters are 10 years older and with much better track. Here's a message from the cast.  [Video Presentation]  Thanks, guys. Now coming in the near future, we also have a live action Dora, the Explorer series and the Navane the hit [ph] 2019 Paramount feature and a live action retelling of the Fairly OddParents, one of the longest running and most successful animated hits on Nickelodeon. But we'll finish out this year by literally taking the audience to the final frontier. As you heard Alex Kurtzman mentioned earlier, with Star Trek: Prodigy, the team producing this impressive show is A-class. Alex Kurtzman, Heather Kadin along with the Hageman brothers, Ben Hibon and Nickelodeon are the first to make a Star Trek story for the kids and family audience. It combines Nickelodeons fresh sensibility with the action and adventure that are the hallmarks of this incredible franchise with characters who are kids in an extraordinary situation, who have to work together to commandeer a star ship and explore a universe like no other you've ever seen before. So all of this, Prodigy Rugrats, SpongeBob, iCarly, Dora, Fairly OddParents, Avatar and a vast library four decades in the making. This is just a test of the full pipeline for our new home base on Paramount+ and all of this is just the start. There is so much more to come. So, thank you. Now here's Scott Mills, President of BET to share his plans.
Scott Mills: Black audiences have long been a key driver of the TV viewer ecosystem. They make up an outsize share of the viewing audience for virtually every major network. For the Black Community, television is the go to source for news, public affairs and entertainment. Contrary to prediction, the revolution is very much being televised.  In other words, black viewers are TV super consumers and when they tune in, they're looking for the very best of general entertainment and potentially relevant programs that speak to the black experience. BET was founded on this insight and we have flourished for 40 years by super serving our community with black stories that entertain and move us all. Now, we're very excited to bring a robust array of traditional scripted and unscripted BET originals and library favorites to Paramount+ including our top library series like Being Mary Jane, Real Husbands of Hollywood and The Bobby Brown Story. But thats not all, we're bringing exciting new originals series to the platform as well. I brought a friend along to give you a sneak peak of his upcoming project, he is making exclusively for Paramount+.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thanks, Scott. I have to say, I did not realize what a beautiful man, you are. But maybe everyone else said anyway. My name is Kenya Barris and I'm a writer and producer, storyteller and for me when it comes to content the thing that interesting most is telling stories from new perspectives and from fresh noises. Stories that expand how we see ourselves on screen, who we see ourselves as on screen and most importantly, who is telling the stories behind the screen. I could not be more thrilled to be joining the ViacomCBS family. I can't wait to share more about what we've got going in the works. But today, however, today I'm here to make all my new partners [indiscernible] by telling you exactly how excited I am about Paramount+. That's why I think this is the perfect place to kick things off. The first series I'll be involved with we are taking intimate look at contemporary relationships. We'll explore a sort of a complicated ever changing boundaries and some time lazy dynamics that have shaped and redefined what modern love is. It's customary for Paramount+. And I can't wait for you and the rest of the world to see it. Now back to the beautiful Scott Mills.
Scott Mills: Thanks so much, Kenya. As Bob said earlier, ViacomCBS is the only media company to fully embrace an ecosystem, a free pay and premium streaming services with strong products in each. Each of these services has a dedicated audience and combining them allows us to serve a broad array of consumer needs. You've heard all about the incredible content coming to Paramount+. Now I want to talk about our premium offerings starting with BET+. We launched BET+. BET is first ever standalone streaming service, 18 months ago. The enormous success we've seen already proves that Black Americans are also streaming super consumers. BET+ has rapidly grown to nearly 1.5 million paid subscribers by delivering a unique and powerful combination of provocative and edgy originals from top black creators, fan favorite movies, beloved sitcoms and exclusive stage plays amounting to over 2,000 hours of popular culturally relevant content. BET+ has great original series from star show runners like Tracy Oliver, whos next season of the popular First Wives Club starring Jill Scott, hits the service in June. And the prolific Will Packer whose comedy series Bigger comes to BET+ plus in April with Tori Spelling adding a little drama. There's the brilliant Emmy Award winning, Lena Waithe, who's executive producing the scripted dramedy, Birth of Cool, which will debut later this year. And last, but certainly not least we've got the one and only Mr. Tyler Perry, created of the top three original series for black consumers right now. His popular streaming series Ruthless is coming back to the service in April and his stage plate recently broke every viewing record on the service. Not only does BET+ have Tyler's catalogue, one of the most valuable libraries of content and entertainment today, we have the man himself here to share more of what are we bringing next to BET+. Tyler, take it away.
Tyler Perry: Thanks, Scott. I am really thrilled with BET+ incredible growth, nearly, 1.5 million subscribers. We've clearly established BET+ as essential black streaming service, the service that black consumers buy to supplement general entertainment streaming services. Listen, I began my career in this direct to consumer business so I know it well. I would go out on stage every night all over the country and as a result, I have been confident about the demand for our service since its inception because I know how much my audience, how much black consumers overall value and seek our great content anchored in our culture, and in our experiences. BET+ is home to an extraordinary array of my content, including my movies, dramas, sitcoms and my stage plays. I'm most excited about the new original series I'm creating for BET+ including the second season of my breakout hit, this thing is huge on BET+. My drama there Ruthless, my comedy Bruh and Tyler Tyler Perry itself is working on a brand new show called All The Queens Men. And I can't wait to create even more, bring more great content for the BET+ viewers, as we continue our growth right through the roof.
Scott Mills: Thank you, Tyler. BET plusses premium content offering and powerful brand are already prominent beacons in the streaming marketplace. As such, they're the perfect complement to Paramount+ and Showtime, pairing BET+ with Paramount+ and Showtime gives us a unique opportunity to tailor packages to black super consumers, with BETs unbeatable array of targeted marketing platforms, partners and insights, we're able to aggressively market these packages to our audiences to drive acquisition across all three. We're going to super serve our viewers with the perfect combination, the very best general entertainment and culturally relevant content that can only be found in our ecosystem. Next up, it's my pleasure to now bring out, David Nevins, Chief Creative Officer of CBS and Chairman and CEO of Showtime Networks. [Video Presentation]
David Nevins: A drunk roguish patriarch, a lesbian gallery owner turned candidate for LA Mayor, a brass sadomasochistic attorney, and a shrewd relentlessly calculating hedge fund king, iconic characters shape our culture. They captivate, they fascinate, they elevate, they take risks, they make you say, I can't believe they just did that. They're not only thrilling to watch, they move us, and they change the way we think about each other, and the world. They define our most interesting conversations. So when we talk about culture, really we're talking about characters with unique voices and Showtime is their home. For 30 years, Showtime has been at the forefront of storytelling. Our stories, our characters and our content, push the culture forward. Our viewers have the cultural omnivores who want to be a part of the conversation, the adventure seekers who aren't afraid to be challenged, their consumers who want a provocative experience that they've heard about, and they won't be able to find anywhere else. This unique segment is why we at ViacomCBS believe in the broader strategy of carving out lanes. Some viewers will want the free content on Pluto, some will want the broad offerings on Paramount+ and some will want the premium entertainment offerings on Showtime. People are used to paying for premium Showtime content, and we are proving our value to consumers every day. That's why Showtime has grown streaming subscribers so dramatically the past few years. The fact is, the brands matter and Showtime stands out is the only pure play premium service for sophisticated, surprising culture moving content. We've got entertaining, compelling docu series like The Circus, VISE and Couples Therapy, decade defining shows like Billions, Shameless and The Chi and the premier combat sports line-up in America with premium boxing and MMA events throughout the year. So let me tell you about a few of the upcoming projects that we're so excited about. From the incredible director Susanne Bier who created the Night Manager and The Undoing comes the First Lady, featuring actors as powerful as the women they portray, with Viola Davis playing Michelle Obama, Michelle Pfeiffer as Betty Ford, and Gillian Anderson as Eleanor Roosevelt. Think of it as the crown for America. Moving from the east wing to the hills of Western Pennsylvania, our new series American Rust starring Jeff Daniels and Maura Tierney explores the elusive American Dream through a compromised chief of police. It's a compelling murder mystery that's going to grip audiences and strike right at the heart of some of today's most important conversations. And then there's Yellowjackets. It's the story of a girl's High School soccer team who's playing goes down in the Canadian wilderness, equal parts survival epic, psychological horror story and coming of middle age melodrama Yellowjackets stars Christina Ricci, Juliette Lewis, and Melanie Lynskey as the grown up women who must come to grips with what they had to do to survive. Take a look. [Video Presentation] Oscar winner Steve Zaillian is writing and directing Ripley, a thrilling multi season TV series based on the great novels by Patricia Highsmith that also inspired the hit movie. Ripley will be played by Andrew Scott, best known as the hot priests from Fleabag. It's a premium psychological drama shot in some of the most iconic locations around the world. Also, who said iconic characters had to be made up. Showtime has built a reputation for incredible documentaries. Here's a preview of our upcoming slate. [Video Presentation] In comedy, we couldn't be more excited about the Curse. This is the ultimate collaboration between Oscar Winner Emma Stone, Satiric Genius Nathan Fielder and boundary pushing filmmakers the Safdie Brothers of Uncut Gems fame. Starring Emma, Nathan and set against the backdrop of a cable home flipping show, the Curse keenly satirizes the performative aspects of white liberalism Run Amok. Next, we're bringing back an old favorite in a big way. The famous fixture, Ray Donovan will return to Showtime, this time in a feature length movie. We're thrilled that Liev Schreibers back to wrap-up the show, while setting us up for a potential movie franchise. And speaking of Favorites coming back in a big way, the pandemic of 2020 meant the last season of Billions got cut short. But last year's loss is this year's gain. We're coming back with 18 power-packed episodes of this culture defining show. Take a look. [Video Presentation] Oh yeah, one more thing. We do have one more treat for Showtime subscribers, but I'll let him speak for himself.
Unidentified Company Representative: Late of original programming and with even more coming beyond what we're able to preview today. Showtime will be offering the premium content that's going to define 2021. And it's all going to pair perfectly with Paramount+ and Pluto. To say more about Pluto and our commitment to free ad supported TV, I'd like to welcome back, Tom Ryan.
Tom Ryan: As you've just seen, we're set up for big success in paid and premium streaming. Were also on course to dominate the free streaming world, a hugely exciting opportunity in itself, and one that allows all of our products to work together in a unified streaming strategy that's greater than the sum of its parts. When my co-founders and I launched Pluto TV nearly seven years ago, we led with linear interest based channels, at a time when everybody was moving to on-demand. We wanted Pluto to be totally free in the age of paid subscription and supported by ads, when everybody said consumers wouldn't watch ads anymore. And it's clear that those contrarian instincts are paying off. Pluto TV hasn't just proven our skeptics wrong, we pioneered a new category and now we're one of the leading free streaming television services, with over 43 million global monthly active users. We're available anywhere you stream on mobile, desktop and connected TV. And Pluto TV is not only distributed as an app, through innovative partnerships with Samsung, LG, Amazon, Verizon, TiVo and Vizio. We've already integrated Pluto directly into over 100 million devices. And we're on pace to extend this integrated partnership portfolio to 200 million devices globally, this year. This gives us by far the largest distribution footprint in our category. We meet viewers and advertisers where they want to be. In the streaming living room, on connected TVs and our ad partners love Pluto, because we offer the best of both worlds. The efficient targeting of digital, with the brand building and storytelling of traditional TV, and we're not just growing domestically. From day one Pluto's mission has been to entertain the planet. And we are well on our way, scaling rapidly in 25 countries across Europe and Latin America. We'll have more to say about our international strategy, a bit later. At a time when choosing what to watch too often feels like work. When you're paralyzed by the Paradox of Choice Pluto makes enjoying great entertainment, easy, fun, and intuitive, with more than 150,000 hours of high quality programming, from 400 global content partners spanning news, sports, entertainment, lifestyle and more all hand curated into 100s of channels, plus 1,000s of shows and movies on demand. Pluto TV really does have something for everyone. TV lovers can watch hits like the Walking Dead, narcos and RuPaul's Drag Race, or classics like, Three's Company. Happy Days and The Love Boat sports fans can watch channels from the NFL, Major League Soccer, the PGA Tour, and launching soon, Major League Baseball. News junkies can stay up to speed on CBSN, CNN, Bloomberg, and NBC News Now. And Spanish language viewers will find a wide selection of programming that understands and serves the US Hispanic Community in all its diversity, across cultures and generations. In May, we'll re-launch our USH category with nearly double the offerings of our closest competitor in this space, curated into a dozen re-branded channels and 14 new ones, for a total of over 40 channels in Espaol, including kids and music. Our secret weapon is our team of human curators, each programming what they're passionate about, like the XMMA fighter who programs all of our fight channels, or the stand-up comedian who programs, our comedy channels, or the movie buff, who selects films for our cinema classics channel. Pluto TV really is a whole world of entertainment. And it just keeps getting better with more great content on the way. [Video Presentation] Now Pluto's category leadership in free streaming TV is hugely exciting in itself, but it's even more exciting when you see how it helps us create something we call the super funnel. I know that sounds like something from a Nickelodeon game show. But actually it's an incredibly powerful way to expand our paid streaming audience because of ViacomCBS is enormous reach, we can ensure that we're there for you in every place you experience content.  We're there for you on linear TV where we have the number one broadcast and cable networks across all demographics in the US. We're there for you on social media, where we are ranked number one in total video views among major media companies. And of course, we're there for you on free streaming, where Pluto is the number one free ad supported television service in the country. Through all of these touch points we expand the funnels base. And once we have people's attention, we keep demonstrating the value of our subscription services. How? The key here can be found in a line you heard earlier, from the Paramount classic, The Godfather. We keep making them offers they can't refuse. Take Pluto, which offers particularly valuable opportunities for discovery, sampling and upsell into our paid services. With Pluto's free linear experience we can effortlessly introduce tens of millions of viewers to the amazing content we've highlighted today. Viewers drop in anytime and discover a pilot episode of the stand, or past season episodes of NCIS before a new season debut. Once they're hooked. We offer a trial subscription for more.  For example, a few months ago, we launched a channel called Showtime Selects where viewers can watch select episodes of hit Showtime series for free. After they've watched, we tell them how to find more great episodes by subscribing to Showtime. Eventually, users will be able to click right out of the Pluto service to immediately begin their Showtime subscription. Already the channel has been an enormous success.  The first episode of Your Honor, saw more sampling on Pluto than it did on YouTube. So you can bet we're going to be launching a channel like this for Paramount + too, and doing everything that we can to make sure that Pluto viewers are watching it.  These channels on Pluto TV are just one example on linear, online and everywhere. We'll keep putting out content that appeals to all kinds of people. And then funnel these viewers into our subscription services through offer so good, they can't refuse. So the super funnel is one major competitive advantage that Paramount+ will have over the competition from day one. And there are two other big strengths, we expect to supercharge growth. For one, we will launch with near universal awareness of the Paramount brand. I think it's a good sign that I don't have to tell you much about the Paramount+ marketing campaign, because the statistics suggest, you've already seen it. Our ad campaign reached new heights. When nearly 100 million people tuned into the Super Bowl this year, and saw our iconic talent from Patrick Stewart, and Christine Baranski, Dora the Explorer and SpongeBob SquarePants summit Paramount mountain, their new streaming home. This TV campaign is being accompanied by an incredible social media and digital blitz from the entire ViacomCBS enterprise. All together, our ad campaign is projected to reaching outstanding 95% of Americans aged 25 to 54. And two, Paramount+ will have near universal distribution. As I mentioned, Pluto's powerful distribution strategy provided the foundation for remarkable growth. And we have deep relationships with virtually every major distribution partner across our business, mutually beneficial relationships, we've been cultivating for years. The combination of Pluto Showtime, BET+ and now Paramount+ creates a uniquely valuable portfolio for our partners. So again, we're talking about near universal awareness and near universal distribution. I think we can all agree that's a great place to start. And to quote a line from a CBS Classic, The Price Is Right. Starting this June, Paramount+, we'll have to two pricing tiers. First, a base ad supported tier that still offers the full spectrum of the Paramount+ experience. For live sports, subscribers on our base tier will get the NFL, UEFA, National Woman Soccer League and more to come. For breaking news, they'll get CBSN, an on-demand videos from CBS news. And for their mountain of entertainment, they'll get the full breadth of Paramount+ originals, Paramount movies, a massive portion of the ViacomCBS library and current seasons of CBS shows, and all for 499 a month, an incredible value. Subscribers on our premium tier will get a commercial free viewing experience. Their live sports will be supplemented by even more CBS Sports. Their news will be enriched by Live CBS news feeds including local feeds from around the country. And their mountain of entertainment will get even taller with the full Live CBS TV experience at their fingertips. It's everything we know consumers want in a streaming experience, plus some things that theyll soon discover that they want, and all for 999. Even better we will be offering consumers the chance to bundle Paramount+ with our premium offerings for an even better deal on ViacomCBS content. Our goal is to create a frictionless experience with an integrated ecosystem of services available to users. For example, we plan to add an integrated upsell where subscribers can easily add showtime content to their Paramount+ experience. This way we have distinct products that stand for something and can succeed in their own lane, but it's incredibly simple for users to combine them however they see fit. That's why we call this an ecosystem. In nature different parts of an ecosystem carve out their own niche, their own particular strategy for success. But each one of an ecosystems elements also works together with the rest promoting the health of the whole. That's exactly what we hope to create with our streaming services and we can't wait to see them thrive. And now, let me introduce our President of International Streaming, Kelly Day to talk us through our global launch. [Video Presentation]
Kelly Day: Thanks, Tom. 95% of the world's population, 7.5 billion people live outside the US. The International opportunity and streaming is massive. Let's start with Pluto. Since ViacomCBS acquired Pluto and began expanding outside the US, our monthly active user growth has gone through the roof. In 2020 with growth in the UK and Germany, as well as new launches in Latin America and Spain our international monthly active users jumped from 1 million to 13 million. This year with Pluto's expansion in France and Italy, we expect that incredible growth to continue. The SVOD space is still early in international markets. We expect over 350 million new subscriptions to come online in the next 3 years, giving us a lot of room to grow. With Paramount+, we have a four prong strategy to meet this global opportunity. First, we start with a truly global brand. An average of 91% of people in key markets we tested know the Paramount brand and 96% have a positive association with it. Around the globe, the Paramount brand means premium content, blockbuster films and must see TV. Second, we deliver a powerful mix of global and local content that lives up to that storied reputation. Internationally, Paramount+ will be the home of Paramount movies with select first run movies in certain markets, as well as some of the world's biggest scripted dramas from Showtime, CBS studios and others. This new service will feature many of the exciting Paramount+ series you've heard about today, including originals such as the Man Who Fell to Earth, Halo, and Kamp Koral, as well as fan favorites like NCIS. Paramount+ will also be the international home to many of the fantastic Showtime titles, you just heard about, including new ads like the First Lady and American Rust, as well as classics such as Dexter and Billions. You'll also see widely acclaimed dramas from third party studios in select markets, including award winning shows like The Handmaid's Tale, and Killing Eve, and local formats of some of MTVs biggest global reality franchises, such as Acapulco shore and Are You the One? Brasil. All of these will be available to international consumers as part of a single subscription. Here's a quick look. [Video Presentation] Offering this unparalleled collection of global content is key to our strategy, and through ViacomCBS international studios, we're also working closely with top global content creators to ensure we have a robust offering of premium scripted local dramas. These include, the envoys a supernatural thriller Produced with Academy Award winning director and screenwriter, Juan Jose Campanella, Cecilia, a female lead drama from renowned Argentine writer and director, Daniel Berman. And Last King of the Cross, an organized crime drama based on the best selling autobiography, by John Ibrahim will premiere all of these in 2021 with record coming 2022. The third pillar of our strategy is to provide this premium content experience at a value price point, creating a must have service. That's why all of this incredible content from Paramount, Showtime, and our global content creators will come at a considerably lower price than competitors in each market. Finally, we're leveraging the massive global reach of ViacomCBS to distribute this service. We have a deep history of relationships with MVPDs and Telco partners in every major market around the world. And we are thrilled to announce that our service will have broad distribution across dozens of platforms in Latin America, and the Nordics in addition to our direct to consumer distribution. Paramount+ will also be made available internationally through our global relationships with major platform partners such as Apple, Amazon, and Google. With a universally recognized brand, and unparalleled collection of local and global content offerings, a value price point, and a massive network of distributors, we are well positioned for rapid growth. So on the same day, we launched in the US will launch in all Latin American markets and in Canada. Just a few weeks after that will launch in the Nordics. And then later this year will launch in Australia. And this is just the beginning. We'll have more markets and more exciting growth opportunities coming soon. And now to hear more about our growth, both in streaming and across our enterprise, let me introduce Executive Vice President and CFO, Naveen Chopra.
Naveen Chopra: Thanks, Kelly. We began 2020 with a clear path forward, unlock the power of the combined company, build strong operating momentum, and accelerate our streaming strategy. And that's exactly what we did. And while we were at it, we improved operational efficiency. We strengthened our position in distribution and advertising. And during today's presentation, Bob, Tom and leaders from across the company have provided a sweeping view of the content powerhouse that will drive our streaming services. I'm excited to share a financial perspective on the streaming future of ViacomCBS. But first, I'd like to take a few minutes to quantify some of our recent progress by reviewing our Q4 results, and sharing a brief look ahead to Q1. Our consistent focus on value creation is evident in our Q4 results, where total company revenue was $6.9 billion, up 3% year-over-year, adjusted OIBDA was $1.2 billion, up 5% year-over-year, and adjusted diluted EPS was $1.04 up 13% year-over-year. Looking more closely at our revenue performance in the quarter, advertising revenue grew 4% year-over-year, driven by an acceleration in streaming advertising growth and strength in political. Notably, advertising revenue growth in the quarter improved significantly versus the 6% decline we experienced in Q3. Affiliate revenue grew 13% year-on-year in Q4, and acceleration compared to our Q3 growth rate of 10%. The growth in total company affiliate revenue reflects the benefit of distribution renewals that included incremental carriage and improved economics, as well as strength in domestic streaming subscription revenue, which grew 74% in the quarter. Of course, today is all about streaming and there we finished Q4 on a high note with significant growth in subscribers for CBS All Access and Showtime OTT. In fact, it was a record quarter for both services in terms of new signups. We ended 2020 with 19.2 million domestic streaming subscribers, up 71% year-over-year. In the domestic free ad supported streaming TV market, Pluto continues to be the leader. We closed Q4 with 30.1 Pluto TV MA used domestically and 43.1 million globally. Moreover, based on publicly available information, Pluto TV is not only the leader in MAUs, but also leads in total viewing hours and revenue. Continued momentum in subscriber and MAU acquisition translated to strong year-on-year growth in domestic streaming and digital video revenue of 72%, and acceleration from Q3s 56%. That equates to a domestic annual run rate of nearly $3.4 billion and highlights the power of combining ad-supported and subscription models in our streaming businesses. And lastly on Q4, I would point out that as expected. Production ramping led to negative adjusted free cash flow in the quarter of $342 million still adjusted free cash flow for the year finished at $2.5 billion, and we ended the year with $3 billion of cash and equivalents on our balance sheet. Before sharing thoughts on what do we expect Q1, I want to highlight some changes we're making in our financial disclosures. In light of our increasing focus on streaming, we're adding streaming as a specific revenue type in both our consolidated results and our segment reporting. Streaming revenue includes global subscription fees and advertising revenue generated by our streaming services, including Paramount+, Showtime OTT, BET+ and Pluto TV, as well as advertising and subscriptions for our other digital video products. And now, you can see exactly where and how these revenues contribute to our operating segments. Today on our website, we published trending schedules with quarterly and annual data for 2019 and 2020 in this new format. So you can clearly compare our historical results with future reporting. We're also changing our domestic only metrics to global metrics for subscribers and Pluto MAUs. For example, now that we're reporting global numbers, streaming subscribers as of the end of Q4 are 29.9 million rather than 19.2 million of domestic only subscribers, based on our previous method of reporting. We'll be reporting under this new format, going forward. We will also be breaking global streaming revenue into its components, so you can see exactly how much of our streaming growth comes from advertising and how much is driven by subscription revenue. For example, as you can see for the full year 2020, streaming ad revenue grew 41% to $1.4 billion. While streaming subscription revenue grew 61% to 1.1 billion. I would also note that as a result of this change, our advertising and affiliate revenue types have been recast to remove streaming related revenue. With those changes in mind, let's talk about Q1. First, on advertising, which now excludes streaming advertising revenue, we expect Q1 advertising growth will materially benefit from Super Bowl 55 and the return of the NCAA men's basketball tournament which, as you know, did not occur in the prior year period. For affiliate revenue, which now excludes streaming subscription revenue, we had a productive year in 2020, with several new distribution deals signed. These renewals will continue to benefit our affiliate growth rates as we enter 2021. Turning to our streaming outlook, we expect continued robust growth in total streaming revenue with the Q1 growth rate in streaming subscription revenue expected to be similar to what we experienced in Q4. And we're off to a strong start. Super Bowl Sunday delivered a record breaking day on CBS All Access in terms of new subscribers signups, streams and time spent. In fact, signups surpassed prior single day records by 138%. And time spent on All Access across platforms, surpassed prior records by 92%. Beyond Q1, we have even more to look forward to with our expanded streaming ecosystem. And thanks to how far we've already climbed, we think the view is inspiring. We finished 2020 with 2.6 billion in global streaming subscription, and streaming advertising revenue and an annual run rate of 3.6 billion. And we're not stopping here. Our progress in 2020 exceeded our expectations. But our ambitions, reach even further. In fact, our goal is to grow streaming revenue to north of 7 billion, by the end of 2024. This represents an approximately 30% compound annual growth rate over that time period. So let me tell you how each of our free, pay and premium components will contribute to this goal, starting with free streaming TV. Here, ViacomCBS doesn't just have a strong foundation, with a category leader in Pluto TV. What's more, the free ad supported streaming TV or fast market is arguably still in its infancy. It's expected to grow to more than $50 billion, globally, over the next four years. We expect to play a major role in accelerating this trend with continued MAU growth, international expansion and improvements in monetization. By the end of 2024, we expect Pluto TV, to have between 100 million and 120 million monthly active users around the globe. We know a large portion of them will be connected TV users, because today, these viewers are the dominant source of viewing hours on Pluto TV. In fact, in 2020, connected TV users represented 86% of total Pluto viewing hours. These are the Pluto TV users who have been rewarding us with longer sessions, more total watch time and stronger program completion metrics, all things that fuel Pluto's advertising revenue growth. And as a result of more people spending more time with us, attracting more advertisers Pluto TV has enjoyed significant ARPU growth, which we intend to improve even further. Both, Pluto TV and the base tier of Paramount+ are components of our broader, IQ digital advertising platform, which also includes digital video inventory from brands specific streaming sites like CBSN, BET, MTV Comedy Central and Nickelodeon. Through IQ, advertisers can reach 50 million full episode monthly unique viewers in the United States alone. And we're proud to be launching Paramount+, with a select group of brand sponsors, leading global brands like, General Motors and Expedia. Each will have an unparalleled access to this audience, and a unique opportunity to surround our beloved content from all angles, from video, to custom-creative, to social. So we have a great opportunity before us in streaming advertising. And we have an even greater opportunity to leverage our linked ecosystem to grow streaming subscribers. In the pay and premium space, ViacomCBS has nearly tripled its global subscriber base in the last 2 years, and more than doubled streaming subscription revenue. This is just the beginning because we're launching Paramount+ into a new era of broader streaming growth. The number of streaming services, the typical US household pays for continues to increase. A few years ago, it was one to two paid subscriptions. In 2019, it was two to three, now it's three to four, and trending toward five. Already half of US households have more than three. And we believe this number will grow as new services like Paramount+ come to market with streaming propositions that have not yet been available to consumers. It's one more reason, we're excited about the combination of live sports, breaking news and a mountain of entertainment. Step back and look at the bigger picture of this massive, growing, global market. The number of SVOD subscriptions is expected to climb to more than 1.1 billion by 2025 with revenue topping 100 billion. ViacomCBS has the world class studios, the massive library, the broad distribution, the beloved brands and local resources and relationships around the globe to capitalize on this opportunity.  We've set a goal of achieving 65 to 75 million global streaming subscribers by the end of 2024. The vast majority of this subscriber growth will come from Paramount+, both domestically and internationally. This year alone, Paramount+ will debut 36 Original Series in addition to a library with over 30,000 TV episodes, and more than 2500 movies.  I'm personally looking forward to many of the great originals coming to Paramount+ from the offer to Trevor Noahs weekly show and the Yellowstone spin-off to name a few. And we're putting all of this and more right at consumers fingertips at the price that's right for them.  The premium tier at 999 launches on March 4th in the United States and the ad-supported base tier at 499 launches in June. The 499 tier Paramount+ will have live sports, including NFL games, soccer and more. It has breaking news through CBSN. And of course, a mountain of entertainment, with all Paramount+ originals and the full suite of current, and library CBS shows available on demand within 24 hours post airing. By removing the live linear fee from our lowest cost tier, we gained flexibility to bundle and package Paramount+ for a variety of distribution partners. We're looking forward to sharing more details about our partner distribution strategy when the new tier launches.  And as Kelly highlighted, Paramount+ will be available in several international regions at a very compelling price point, relative to competing alternatives in each market, no matter which option consumers choose. Over time, we expect the combination of advertising and subscription revenue to generate incremental value, every time we attract a new Paramount+ viewer, even if that viewer has cut the cord and switched entirely to streaming. As we pursue the streaming opportunity, we will invest aggressively in content to support our growth. Across our portfolio of services, we expect streaming thinking to grow to at least $5 billion by 2024. This number includes content created exclusive for streaming service, and an allocation for highly valuable content assets, distributed on both streaming and traditional platforms, including linear television and theatrical. It represents an increase of approximately 4 billion to our 2020 streaming content expense realized through a combination of incremental spend and reallocation of linear content spend. And frankly, we may accelerate the pace of reallocation, if we exceed our early goals for subscriber and revenue growth. We're thrilled consumers will be able to find all of this must watch content in one place, with live sports, breaking news and mountain of entertainment, we're bringing customers a streaming service like none other. This is the promise of Paramount+ and the power of ViacomCBS to deliver continued growth to investors over the long-term.  Thank you for joining us. But don't leave a lot quite yet. Before the Q&A portion begins, I'd like to turn it over to a special guest. The host of the Late Show with Stephen Colbert. Stephen Colbert?
Stephen Colbert: Thank you, Naveen. Hey, everybody. And thanks for being here for today's ViacomCBS streaming event. I've been invited to talk about the company's future and the exciting things in store for our viewers. As you all might have noticed 2020 was a bit of a challenge, but the silver lining is that right now people are watching more television than ever. In fact, I'm watching Blue Bloods, while I tape this. Tom Selleck, dont let Donny Wahlberg walk down that dark alley. He is your son. Being a policeman is in your blood. Thats why its blue. I'm sorry, I'm just invested. Save your mustache. To recap, today we talked about what makes ViacomCBS unique, namely that we are the only media company to fully embrace an ecosystem of free, pay and premium streaming services. It's a far cry from the limited entertainment options of my childhood, which were Gilligan's Island and Watergate hearings, great crossover episode though, when Committee Chairman, Sam Ervin made a subpoena out of coconuts. No matter what people are looking for, weve got the service for them as long as they're looking to stream TV. If they're looking for something else like a socket wrench set, try hardware store or something. I don't know. Take our new service. Paramount+, it's amazing and way more user friendly than my idea. Paramount squareroot. Paramount+ is the only paid streaming service to combine a mountain of entertainment like the offer, the rugrats reboot and the real world reunion. Are you guys sure you want to return to the real world, because the real world is a bit of a garbage fire right now. Now, Paramount+ has breaking news and live sports like the PGA Tour, The NFL, Champions League, Soccer and March Madness. But if you want to avoid any mention of sports whatsoever, it also carries the Late Show with Stephen Colbert, you know, our motto is Dungeons and Dragons of sport. ViacomCBS also offers a free streaming service Pluto TV loaded with top notch content, all to fulfill one mission to entertain the planet. Although, I do have one question which planet? Because they named it after Pluto, which Neil deGrasse Tyson says, isn't even a planet anymore. Damn you, Tyson. That's our business model. And last, but certainly not least, ViacomCBS offers Showtime with programs like Desus and Mero, Billions and Ray Donovan plus combat sports like Boxing and MMA and industry secret. If you turn on showtime at 3:00 AM, you can watch Ray Donovan fight SpongeBob in a parking lot, cross platform synergy. That's what this means. On top of all that ViacomCBS uses its massive reach across social, digital, linear and streaming to give audiences what they want and then direct them to even more within its platforms and streaming services is like a cruise ship buffet, folks can load their plates with barnaise, [Indiscernible] a stir fried chicken fingers and popcorn shrimp. Then once we got him there. We're like, how about hitting the chocolate fountain and the unlimited Sheldon bar. Anyway, thank you again for coming. Now please welcome Bob Bakish, Naveen Chopra, Tom Ryan and Anthony DiClemente, who will take questions from investors. You know, you guys will talk about the Dow. You won't believe how many Dow units we have. Right now, so many Dow's tell them all the Dow points we want Bob.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks, Stephen. Good evening everyone. Sorry for the late start tonight. I had traffic on the 101 was a little bit worse than expected, but thanks for staying with us. I'm Anthony DiClemente, EVP of Investor Relations at ViacomCBS. And with me on stage for a Q&A session is Bob Bakish, our CEO, Naveen Chopra, our CFO, and Tom Ryan, President and CEO of Streaming. Were going to spend the next 30 minutes answering questions. Our analysts are joining us by zoom. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: With that, we can now open the line. Our first question comes from Alexia Quadrani at JPMorgan. Alexia, please go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you. Can you hear me? I just wanted to clarify - I wanted to clarify a couple of things and ask a question. I guess my main question is really on the windowing. I think Jim has spent a couple of minutes talking about how they were - some movies are going direct to theaters and then they were going to go to Paramount+ after 45 days. I'm curious if that is a universal decision or is it really noted, movie by movie, and you will then - you contract with movie [ph] or is that something you're going to do across the board when you're looking at Paramount+. And then I just wanted to follow up on two other really small claims that you mentioned, if you could talk about whether or not you'll be breaking out Showtime as the sub separately. Or if you'll give us domestic versus global as well?
Bob Bakish: Sure, Alexia, its Bob. Let me take the first part of your question. So we're very excited about the film offering we're bringing to consumers under Paramount+. It's multifaceted and robust. Part of that, offering is enabled by us getting access to the Paramount pay one product through this new deal we have with Epix. We will basically have two different models there, there'll be a subset of titles, including A Quiet Place: Part II, and Mission Impossible 7 in 2021 and then there'll be additional titles in '22 and' 23. Those titles will have a short theatrical run - exclusive theatrical run where they will go 45 days and then on day, 45 will go to Paramount+, where they will reside for a while and then later on Epix will pick them up. There'll be another set of titles where Epix has them first, the window won't be quite that short, and then Paramount will pick them up. We do believe two things. We believe in the value of the actual, particularly for pictures like a Mission Impossible or a Top Gun, really big screen experiences. But we also believe that consumer is interested in titles earlier on streaming and we believe that's important proposition for us to supply. So, that is the direction we're going, and we think it's going to work out well. Naveen, you want the other two points?
Naveen Chopra: Sure. So in terms of the breakdown between services and then domestic versus international, we're not planning to break each of our services apart in our future reporting. However, I would tell you that, we do expect Paramount+ will be the primary driver of subscriber growth going forward. And in terms of domestic versus global, we really look at streaming as a global opportunity. And so we'll be reporting both our advertising revenues, as well as subscription on a global basis going forward.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks, Alexia. We'll take our next question from Mike Morris at Guggenheim Securities. Mike, go ahead.
Mike Morris: Hey. Thank you, Anthony and thank you guys for the presentation, all the details. I'm curious, with respect to that long-term guidance you gave and looking to 2024, if you could share any thoughts on sort of the trajectory to achieve that both on the subscriber side, and also on the financial side you expect it to be straight line, is it something that's faster, early, or kind of ramps up. I'm curious how you're thinking about that? And then, on the content investment side, we understand the growth that you laid out from 1 billion to the 5 billion. I'm also curious about how you think about the licensing revenue that's been a strong part of the business for quite a long time. As you think about the future is there, should we think about some contraction to that revenue stream, as you allocate more internally or any thoughts that you have on how that pace is would be great? Thank you.
Naveen Chopra: I'll start on the pacing of the growth. I want to remind you that, we talked about achieving 65 million to 75 million SVOD subscribers by 2024, by the end of 2024 and 100 million to 120 million global Pluto MAUs and $7 billion in revenue. We're already - we got a ton of momentum toward those goals finishing 2020 with 3.6 billion run rate of streaming revenue. And we expect that there will be significant growth along the way. We did not provide an annual breakdown because there will be parts where we might enter into certain new deals or launch certain content that could make it - be a little spiky here and there. But we do think that we'll continue to make progress both in 2021 and in the subsequent years. Bob you won't take the
Bob Bakish: Yeah. So look, on the content licensing side, if you look at ViacomCBS, we're obviously a powerhouse content producer from an original standpoint and have broad and deep libraries to back that up. We've long been in the content licensing business. But as we've scaled our streaming trajectory, particularly on the pay side, what you've seen us do is lean more towards the streaming side, particularly when it comes towards franchises and IP, and if you watch what we presented today, you see franchise originals really across the board in all the genres that we're bringing to Paramount+, we believe that's critical to attracting subscribers and we believe that links very well to library. Now, as we do that, we pick up more internal licensing versus third-party licensing. In addition, we obviously are rolling Paramount+ out globally. There we have specific countries that we have announced, then we have a specific plan beyond that going forward. And as we go to pay O&O streaming in a country, whether that Latin America or Australia or the Nordics that we've already announced, or other countries down the road, you'll see us pickup what might have been prior output deals, and then have them go to more in-house output deals, that's certainly what's going on in the launch countries, including with respect to Showtime, because Showtime product will be Paramount+ outside the US. So yeah, that poses a change in composition of the business, but it doesn't mean we're exiting the business. We still like the business. It does provide some attractive financial characteristics, as well as being an important platform for franchise development. So for example, you saw us bringing a new version of iCarly to Paramount+ this year as part of our kids offering. We do have prior seasons of the original iCarly available today on a large streamer and we think that helps with franchise development. So hopefully that helps you understand the trajectory we're going down.
Anthony DiClemente: Great. Thanks a lot, Mike. Our next question will come from Brett Feldman at Goldman Sachs. Brett, please go ahead.
Brett Feldman: Yeah. Thanks for taking the question. I know that you are going to be giving us more details on your domestic distribution partners as you roll out the entry level plan later this year. But I was hoping maybe you could talk broadly about the role you expect third-party distributors to play in expanding the reach of the service. I'm also particularly interested in how you think MVPDs could be meaningful partners because on the one hand, your services probably very appealing to the cable companies broadband bases, on the other hand, it could theoretically simulate additional cord cutting? Thank you.
Bob Bakish: Yeah, Bret, let me hop in here, this is Bob, because if you look at the history of Viacom, particularly Viacom Legacy, what you see is over the last four years, we've substantially grown our book-of-business and diversified our book-of-business with in particular MVPDs. And what I mean by that is, we're not only licensing linear feeds, but we're also engaged in advanced ad partnerships, and more recently licensing apps, whether those are free apps, like Pluto, or paid apps like at the time CBS All Access. And that's really all about being a multifaceted and more important content supplier. We've found that works particularly well, particularly as those entities build our broadband distribution. So, we like being a valued content player to a broad range of distributors. That's very much, our strategy, and certainly will be so as we roll out Paramount+. Maybe Tom, you want to add a little more there.
Tom Ryan: Yeah. So, thanks. We're certainly in discussions right now with a number of different partners about how we can expand the distribution for Paramount+. Pluto is a very widely distributed service. Paramount or CBS All Access has been a very widely distributed service, and we're in discussions about how we can accelerate the distribution of Paramount+ as it rolls out. As Naveen mentioned in his remarks, the 499 tier which rolls out in June gives us much greater flexibility and how we go about providing promotional distribution with partners. And so we'll have more to announce on that. We really are just getting started. So, stay tuned.
Anthony DiClemente: Great. Thanks a lot, Brett. Let's take our next question from Ben Swinburne at Morgan Stanley. Go ahead, Ben.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks. Can you hear me, Anthony?
Anthony DiClemente: Yeah. We can hear you well.
Ben Swinburne: Great. Thanks, guys. Bob, when I look at your streaming forecast, particularly on the subscriber side, it's basically I think 10 million a year or so on average. I'm just wondering how much of an opportunity is it to use the three different products, I guess this is a US question, to drive growth? In other words, you've had these products in the market for some time. But are there opportunities that you can take advantage of that you haven't yet taken advantage of, to sort of cross promote. I noticed, you didn't talk about sort of a ViacomCBS bundle across all these with a bundle of price, just wondered if you can talk a little bit about your opportunities there. And then Naveen, I know you probably want to answer this, but I wanted to take a shot. As we think about the whole company's EBITDA outlook. Should we expect growth after 2021, as you scale this business, I mean $7 billion plus of revenues substantial, is 2021 sort of the peak investment year and you'll start to get some benefits across the entire ViacomCBS company over time? Anything you could tell us about the EBITDA outlook for the business would be great. Thanks, guys.
Bob Bakish: Yeah. So, sure, let me start, so for about a year now, I've been talking about a streaming ecosystem that crosses free, pay and premium. And that is not just because we believe there were three lanes there. We do obviously. But it's really because we believe, that that creates an opportunity that can collectively create value. So for example, using our free service Pluto, as a funnel to not only attract MAUs that we can generate ad revenue from, but also to up-sell them. And we've recently done that with a Showtime channel, which actually proved that it was a better up-sell channel than in fact in terms of attracting subscribers, then YouTube. We also have bundled some of our products. So, in the case of Showtime OTT and CBS All Access we created a combined bundle at a discounted price and so that through an over the top distributor also to great effect. So, absolutely, there are opportunities to create value. And Tom, and I'll turn it to Tom next, he is working on a more seamless version of this ecosystem, which we believe would create even better value in the form of lowering acquisition costs, managing churn, increasing lifetime value. So, yeah, we think the ecosystem is a really powerful concept. And that's why we're so focused on it. Tom?
Tom Ryan: Yeah. So as Bob said, we've been working on the up-sell opportunities within our free ecosystem now for the better part of the year. We've been having increasingly more effective and exciting results. Bob mentioned, the Showtime selects opportunity that where we spun up a channel on Pluto TV, driving more impressions for Showtime than the same viewership did on YouTube. And we're doing the same. We've been doing the same thing on CBS All Access, and of course we'll be launching a similar channel for Paramount+. However, the super funnel really allows us to take advantage of different parts of our system, not just our number one free ad supported streaming TV service and Pluto TV, but our number one reach in linear television across all demographics and our number one spot in digital. So we see big opportunities for bundles going forward. We'll have more to announce on that soon.
Naveen Chopra: Yeah. And then Ben to the second part of your question which really speaks, I think more broadly to the question of profitability and investment. I would say the following. Number one, we are excited about the long-term potential of streaming to be a nicely profitable business for ViacomCBS as a whole. We think that because the size of the opportunity is massive, as we talked about. Billion SVOD subscribers, $100 billion SVOD, revenue potential, $50 billion AVOD market and we think we've got a strategy that gives us some advantages in terms of turning that into a profitable business by having a dual revenue stream, by having the ability to leverage content across multiple channels, multiple services, multiple windows. And so overtime, we think that is going to contribute very nicely to the company. In the short to medium-term, however, we are focused on the growth, and it will require investment to realize that growth. And I think that the plan we laid out today is very consistent with what we said back in our Q3 call, which was that we are going to have to increase our levels of investment in streaming in 2021. As we begin down that path, and we're excited about what that's going to unlock in the long-term.
Anthony DiClemente: Great. Thanks so much, Ben. Why don't we take our next question from Rich Greenfield at LightShed. Rich, go ahead.
Rich Greenfield: Hi. Can you hear me?
Anthony DiClemente: Yes.
Rich Greenfield: When CBS All Access was created the affiliates were clearly your partner, but it appears that the affiliate content, meaning live TV, I think you said will not be part of the base streaming tier for Paramount+, which just based on price I presume would be the one most consumers choose, but it will still have the most valuable affiliate content which is the NFL. And so I just wanted to understand, first are the affiliates okay with these changes that you're making? Like have those deals been worked out with all of the affiliates? And then number two. I think David Nevins mentioned that he is producing one of the most exciting shows, new shows exclusively for Paramount+, but out of the Showtime. Development team, you had show like billions or that new show which look great called Yellowjackets are going to Showtime. And I guess maybe for Bob, how do you decide what goes where? I guess it was just not clear like, who's choosing which goes to Showtime versus what goes to Paramount+ and how that works out would be great to understand?
Bob Bakish: Yeah. So let me jump in, I'll actually take both of them. So first of all what we announced today, we absolutely have the rights to with respect to the 499 tier. Second, we have partnerships, of all sorts of dimensions across this industry, including with the distribution community and that obviously includes MVPD, stations and other types of distributors. And so as we you know move forward and transform businesses, we are for short sensitive to those partnerships. The station side, obviously the live local feeds are in the 999 version of the product. The station's participate economically in that and in that growth. They get their local news exhibited there, et cetera. So we are sensitive to it. At the same time, we are also moving forward with a simplified version of the product that we think meets the market. As to the split of subscribers overtime, we'll have to see, they're both compelling for different reasons.  The second part of your question Showtime. The first thing I tell you is on Halo that show was commissioned when there was no vision for Paramount+. As David said, it's been in development and now in production for some time and we came to the conclusion, he and I jointly that the characteristics of that show will better linked to a broad product, a Paramount+ then Showtime as we look to get the most possible value out of it.  At the same time, the other shows you mentioned, including Yellowjackets, which looks phenomenal. I mean, they are, if you will, classic Showtime in that they are definitely edgier, they are definitely riskier. They are definitely a little bit more visually jarring, AKA [ph] a little less mass market. And so we like them in the Showtime lane and by the way, Showtime has been doing fantastic as David said, it's had a great run financially this year. It's had two back-to-back strong years on the over the top subscriber side, and the trajectory looks quite good, particularly as it stays in this premium lane, where others, kind of, move around a bit. So we like Showtime in its lane. I'm really excited about the slate and by the way, if you haven't seen Your Honor you really should Rich. That was show we released in the fourth quarter. It's the biggest hit  new hit of the year on Showtime and it's fabulous. So hopefully that helps. 
Anthony DiClemente: Yes, Your Honor is gripping. Thanks so much, Rich. Why don't we take our next question from John Janedis at Wolfe Research. John, please go ahead with your question.
John Janedis: Great. Thanks. Can you talk a little bit more about the pricing strategy? As you know, Netflix continues to enjoy pricing around the top end of the market. And there's just been spending a lot of money in price to take shares. So over the long-term, how are you thinking about pricing power and how relevant is the price point of the other services in the market, after the initial land grab given what seems to be a pretty big commitment on the programming side? Thanks.
Bob Bakish: Sure, I'll take that. So we came up with the pricing strategy because we wanted to one serve the greatest addressable audience, which we think the two tiers does. And also, the two tiers allow us to drive both subscription and advertising revenue. And in addition the 499 tier gives us greater flexibility in how we go to market with distribution partners. The 499 tier has way more content than CBS All Access ad. The 999 tier has more live sports, more breaking news, and it has no ads. And so, we came up with those by doing a variety of research, listening to customers and understanding what we thought would be the price points that would allow us to address the greatest possible audience. And so we think that those are great places for us to be. Over time, if - you know, as we see success, we will revisit those price points, but right now we think that those are the best price points to go to market within they're clearly very competitive in each of their respective lands.
Anthony DiClemente: Great. Thanks, John. Let's take our next question from John Hodulik at UBS. Please go ahead. John, are you there?
John Hodulik: I am here. Can you hear me?
Anthony DiClemente: Yes. Go ahead.
John Hodulik: Okay, great. First, thanks for all the info that you guys shared today. Two quick ones, I think, first of all, and you guys may have gone over this. But is the $4 billion in content spend all incremental, is it sort of total company spending in 2024? And then in second, any clues you can give us in terms of the expected advertising ARPU component of the ad supported tier? You know any targets or any of those sort of components you can give us to sort of build up to a number? Thanks.
Naveen Chopra: Yes, I'll start on the - the first part of the question in terms of content spend. Just to be clear, we didn't provide any specific guidance about total company content spend. But let me give you some context for that in general, because I think it's very important to recognize that as a company, we spend about $15 billion in content investment, that's what we had budgeted for 2020. And what that does in terms of the strategic value for us that ultimately benefits streaming, I think goes well beyond the $5 billion that we have sort of allocated from a financial perspective in our 2024 goals. That $15 million investment creates, and gives us access to content that would be very difficult to do with a smaller level of spend. It builds a phenomenal platform for promotion and driving awareness of our streaming services, and it feeds a library that ultimately becomes very, very valuable for streaming. Over time, the mix of that 15 billion in terms of how much is dedicated to streaming versus how much is sort of doing double duty between multiple distribution channels will evolve. And we think that's going to be a really powerful component for driving our streaming services, going forward here. In terms of the second part of the question, in terms of the component that was advertising related, were not breaking out the specific composition of the $7 billion of revenue that we hope to achieve in 2024. We do think advertising is going to be a meaningful part of it, you can look at the - our current streaming revenues, you can see that advertising is, we did about a $1.4 billion [ph] digital video advertising in 2020. We've got tremendous momentum, that business is growing at close to 70%. And we're seeing strong growth in MAUs. And we're adding to the monetization potential on services, not just Pluto but also Paramount+ through the introduction of the lower cost here. So we do think that advertising will be a major piece of what our business looks like going out into the future.
Anthony DiClemente: Great, thanks, John. Let's take our next question for Robert Fishman at MoffettNathanson. Robert?
Robert Fishman: Great, thank you. Good afternoon. Can you speak more about how important Paramount+ is for your future sports rights negotiations, either as an exclusive home for new games or a hybrid approach for new rights going forward, including the upcoming NFL renewal?
Bob Bakish: Sure, Robert. So as a Paramount+ live sports breaking news, mountain of entertainment, the live sports component, we believe is compelling from a subscriber acquisition and from a from a engagement standpoint. We obviously exhibit a variety of sports on CBS and by extension, today on Paramount+, whether it's the NFL, the NCAA golf. We recently did a deal for UEFA, which is overwhelmingly now Paramount+ - was CBS All Access with a little bit of CBS carriage. I think that's a good example of a hybrid deal that you mentioned because what it allowed us to do was get exclusive product for Paramount+, but also help the league's in terms of their audience development longer term by benefiting from broadcast. So we think Paramount+ is an important - it's obviously a critical product for us overall. It is an integral part of our sports paradigm. I talk with Sean McManus a lot about that including today. Sean runs CBS Sports and yeah going forward you will see us use that platform as a key component of our overall sports business. Some of it will be exclusive to Paramount+, some of it will be broader.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks, Robert. Let's take our next question from Steven Cahall at Wells Fargo. Steve? Steven, are you there? Maybe Steve can come back to us, why don't we take the next question. All right, go ahead Steve.
Steven Cahall: Yeah, sorry about that. So Bob, you talked a little bit about churn in one of the previous questions, and I think a lot of managing streaming is about managing churn. So maybe just help us think through the decision to continue to keep Showtime and Paramount+ separate, because it does seem like there's a lot of premium content on both and now you kind of got one content budget, but sitting with two services that might have higher churn as a result? And then just on the subscriber guidance, any kind of big buckets of splitting that between maybe domestic and international for us? Thanks.
Bob Bakish: Sure. So Steve, again we like the two lanes that we see one for Paramount+, one for Showtime. They both Paramount+ in its prior iteration CBS All Access and Showtime had very strong performance on the subscriber side and subscriber revenue side. And they both have distinct positionings. And we believe in brand positioning. We think that's important for consumer to understand what they're in this case buying and help them navigate a sea of choice and again, the positioning of Showtime versus Paramount+ are different. We are going to run a combine product outside the United States. It will be called Paramount+ and it will include Showtime. So we will have the benefit of looking at both configurations, and we can look at a variety of metrics as we do that, including as you state churn. But at the moment, we like the split play in the US. We believe that allow us to generate larger overall revenues and maintain real positioning power against the competitive landscape. In terms of guidance
Anthony DiClemente: On domestic international split.
Bob Bakish: Sure. We're not providing an explicit breakdown between domestic and international in terms of our long-term goals. I will say that, we think they are both very important. As I said earlier, we look at streaming as a global opportunity. And we have big ambitions both for domestic subscriber growth, as well as international subscriber growth, and an advertising business across the board. And the reality is, depending on the pace at which we launched some international markets, you may see that split actually evolve over time. But as said, we're really focused on the global opportunity.
Anthony DiClemente: Great. Thanks, Steve. I think we have time for one last question. We'll take our last question from Vijay Jayant at Evercore ISI. Vijay?
Vijay Jayant: Hi guys. Hope you can hear me.
Anthony DiClemente: Yeah.
Vijay Jayant: So I'm just trying to understand sort of the economics of this business. So if you look at your legacy business today, which did something on just in the domestic market and look at affiliate and advertising, there's something like $17 billion, $18 billion and if you divide that by the 70 odd million subscribers in the US, it's about $18 per subscriber per month. When you talk about your pricing for these products, obviously you dont know what the ad component it is. How is this going to be accretive to the enterprise long - is it going to be the do you think that'd be better margins here or the scale would be so substantial that it will sort of compensate for obviously the leaner business, but secular pressures, I'm just trying to understand the accretiveness of this transaction - of this plan?
Bob Bakish: Naveen, you want to take that.
Naveen Chopra: Yeah. I'm happy to jump in. At the end of the day, I mean, you kind of hit on the two key components in your question. We do think that over time scale would present a tremendous opportunity in streaming. We have the ability to distribute our content in more places and in more channels than we could in the traditional model where we're dependent on generally on MVPD distribution. And number two, we think the dual revenue stream approach can be really valuable in the streaming context, and the ability to over time generate incremental ARPU, both from subscribers, but even more so in the form of advertising revenue is something that we are very bullish about, and there's a long track record of being able to generate incremental advertising revenue as our viewership becomes more and more valuable to advertisers. So we do think, obviously, in the short-term, we're not able to put all of that together instantaneously in terms of the perceived economics. But over time, we're really excited about that opportunity.
Bob Bakish: And the other thing I just add to it is Pluto. Implicit in your numbers, I think, are the pay side of the business, particularly when you look at the scale. But we see Pluto as another very meaningful business. It's obviously 100% ad supported, but it is not only domestic, it is global. So you really should add that into the equation as well, because as that continues to scale, it also is a very powerful tool for advertisers to use. You see them ramping in its consumption very materially as we speak. And so that is additive to the total enterprise as well. So, we are very excited about the future trajectory of the business, our ability first and foremost to serve consumers. But then, obviously, to monetize that through multiple revenue streams, subscription, advertising, and to a lesser extent, things like ancillary and consumer products.
Anthony DiClemente: Well, thanks Vijay. And thanks everyone for your questions and for joining us tonight. With that, I'm going to hand it back to Bob for some closing remarks. Bob?
Bob Bakish: Yeah. Thanks, Anthony. Look, on behalf of the entire ViacomCBS leadership team, thank you for joining us today. I know this session was long but we appreciate that you stuck with us. It was a little more than a year ago, when the ViacomCBS merger closed. And at the time, I said we were ready to hit the ground running to unlock value across this entire company. We'll fast forward a year, and you see our content position is strong. You see a real operating momentum. You can see it in our Q4 results. And those results were driven by the continuation of and really an acceleration of a strategy that's clearly working. And those results include nearly tripling of our global streaming subscriber base, and more than doubling of our streaming subscription revenue in the last two years. And that's obviously before we launch, everything that you've seen here today. Now, over the years, we've learned that if you want to stand out in entertainment, as in life, it helps to stand for something. And as we told you today, when it comes to streaming, we stand for something unique, an ecosystem of free, pay and premium streaming, underpinned in pay by the new Paramount+ service, which is a streaming service that combines live sports, breaking news and a mountain of entertainment. And it's a streaming service that will resonate with broad and diverse audiences. And it's a streaming service that has a robust slate of originals, which will only grow by harnessing the combined hit making power of this global content company. So we're tremendously excited about the role of ViacomCBS in the streaming future of media, and we look forward to delivering on our long-term goals for streaming and more, because we know that will deliver growth and shareholder value creation at this company. Lastly, I want to thank the team you heard from today and really all the amazing employees at ViacomCBS, who are bringing our streaming strategy to life each and every day. And I want to thank all of you as well for your time and your support. Stay well everyone. We'll talk to you soon.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-06 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day everyone, and welcome to the ViacomCBS Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Todays call is being recorded. At this time, Id like to turn the call over to Executive Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Anthony DiClemente. Please go ahead, sir.
Anthony DiClemente: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking the time to be with us for our third quarter 2020 earnings call. Joining me for todays discussion are Bob Bakish, our President and CEO; and Naveen Chopra, our CFO. Please note that in addition to our earnings release, we have trending schedules containing supplemental information available on our website. We also have a slide presentation for you to follow along with our remarks. I want to refer you to the second slide in the presentation and remind you that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in more detail in our filings with the SEC. Todays remarks will focus on adjusted results. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information discussed on this call can be found in our earnings release or on our website. Now, I will turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Bakish: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. On todays call, Ill cover three key topics: First, how weve unlocked the power of a combined ViacomCBS in the year since weve merged; second, our third quarter results demonstrate the Companys building momentum; and third, how were focused on achieving growth in the short and long term by aggressively leaning into streaming. Ill then hand it over to the Naveen Chopra, who Im pleased to welcome to his first earnings call as ViacomCBS as CFO. Naveen will give you his early perspective on the Company, as well as a detailed financial commentary on Q3. Following that, well take your questions. Okay. So first off, its been almost a year since the ViacomCBS merger closed. And Im thrilled with the way our organization has come together to create value from the combined asset base. In fact, despite the challenges presented by the world around us, our Companys transformation is ahead of schedule, and weve moved quickly to realize the power of the ViacomCBS combination by establishing a best-in-class management team, including most recently through the creation of a new consolidated streaming organization, by accelerating our strategy and execution across pay and free streaming, driving growth and subscribers, monthly active users and revenue. Were also unlocking more value in distribution by expanding our footprint through cross-company renewals and new deals, and simultaneously strengthening our positioning in advertising by bringing to bear the power of our combined portfolio and capabilities, all while improving operational efficiency and exceeding the cost synergies we promised when we announced the transaction. Weve accomplished a lot in a short amount of time. And were just getting going. Second, let me turn to the quarters financial and operating results. ViacomCBS Q3 reflects the continuation and acceleration of a strategy that is clearly working, even as we navigate through the pandemic. To that end, importantly, during the quarter, we saw improving top line trends across affiliate, advertising, and domestic streaming and digital video revenue. In affiliate, revenue grew 10% in the quarter, marking a significant improvement versus Q2. This improvement was fueled by strong growth in subscription streaming revenue, as well as higher reverse comp and retransmission fees. It was also fueled by return to growth in domestic cable affiliate revenue, which saw a 10-percentage-point improvement in growth rate versus Q2. Advertising revenue also improved dramatically versus what we saw in Q2, with the rate of decline slowing to 6%. Improvements were seen across the board in broadcast, cable, sports, national, local, digital and international. And the scatter market was robust, with strong activity across key categories. Speaking of categories, weve also seen certain COVID-impacted industries, like auto and retail gradually return, which reflects improvement in the economy, and the significant value our portfolio brings to advertisers to drive their own business recovery. Importantly, as we look forward, the return of CBS stable fall schedule is upon us, with several scripted series already on air and more premiere dates coming up. Add to that the NFL, the SEC and the Masters. Our content position is strong. This dynamic, paired with a successful upfront and the hot political category should provide further benefit in the fourth quarter. Overall, were encouraged by what were seeing and big picture advertising is certainly moving in the right direction. The commercial momentum of ViacomCBS is clear, and it is underpinned by the durable strength of our brands and IP. CBS was once again, the most watched network across primetime, daytime and late night, during the 2019-2020 broadcast year. We maintained our leadership in key demos as the number one cable portfolio for share of viewing, and we owned more top 30 cable networks than any other media family. Internationally, our linear share of viewing increased for a third consecutive quarter. And for the second quarter in a row, Tubular Labs ranked ViacomCBS the number one media and entertainment company in social, reinforcing the popularity and relevance of our brands and IP in the digital space. The strength of ViacomCBS foundation in content, franchise IP and audience reach is an important competitive advantage, including as a growth accelerant for our streaming business, where we had another great quarter. To that end, ViacomCBS grew domestic streaming in digital video revenue by 56% in Q3, up from 25% in Q2, reflecting the real momentum in usage and monetization in our pay and free streaming products, something were aggressively leaning into. Let me unpack this a bit. In pay, we ended the quarter with 17.9 million domestic subscribers, up 72% year-on-year, which basically puts us just under the raised year-end guidance we issued last quarter where we took it up from 16 million to 18 million subs. And both, CBS All Access and Showtime OTT, each had robust consumption growth in signups. Starting with All Access, the service benefited from strong demand for sports, like UEFA and the NFL, originals like Star Trek: Lower Decks, and CBS network content like Big Brother and Love Island, as well as from the 3,500 library episodes added from Nickelodeon, BET, Comedy Central, MTV and Smithsonian. Plus, the almost 200 films from Paramount that we added in late July, as part of our preview launch. CBS All Access is now in the early stages of benefiting from the power of the combined company. And theres much more to come. More on that in a bit. And Showtime OTT had a strong quarter as well, driven by the trifecta of original programming, including The Chi, Billions, the final season of Homeland, all of which drove strong adoption and engagement. Our momentum in pay streaming is driven by the combination of compelling content and ubiquitous distribution. On the distribution side, the latest example is the All Access and Showtime streaming bundle we recently began offering through Apple TV Plus, which follows our recent Amazon renewal. We have a lot going on here. And the combination of compelling content and ubiquitous distribution is clearly working, as evidenced by Viacoms CBS subscription streaming revenue growth accelerating to 78% in Q3 from Q2s 52%. On the free side, Pluto TV continues to build on its position as the number one FAST, free ad-supported streaming television service in the United States. In the quarter, Pluto TVs domestic MAUs grew 57% to 28.4 million, and globally grew to nearly 36 million MAUs. On top of that, Plutos ad monetization has been growing rapidly and the trend line is compelling. Consider this, after logging its first $1 million ad sales day in 2019, it took Pluto 10 months to log its first $2 million ad sales day. But, it just took one month after that for Pluto TV to achieve its first $3 million day. While this shouldnt be interpreted as a daily run rate, we are seeing revenue inflection at Pluto TV in a most positive way. The trajectory is extremely exciting. And we remain confident that Pluto will meet or exceed its 30 million domestic MAU target by year-end, bolstered by the fact that we continue to add even more high-quality content to the market leading service. In fact, in the U.S., Pluto now has well over 100,000 hours of compelling content available to consumers. We recently added nine ViacomCBS channels, including Star Trek, Bellator, CBSN Dallas, and CSI. And of course, we continue to add a broad range of compelling third-party content. As an example, in October, Narcos began streaming on Pluto TV, marking the first time the series will be widely available to U.S. streaming viewers, without a Netflix subscription. We also ramped up Pluto TVs distribution across multiple devices and services, including new distribution agreements with LG and Sony PlayStation, extending Pluto TV reach to well over 100 million additional devices worldwide. Whats even more exciting is were on an official launch partner of the highly anticipated PlayStation 5 console, debuting in mid-November. Outside the U.S., Pluto TV is expanding rapidly and seeing strong adoption as well, especially in Latin America. And last month, we launched Pluto TV in Spain with 40 thematic and uniquely curated channels across multiple genres. In fact, during the first week of launch in Spain, Pluto TV was the number one downloaded app for Android devices. Looking ahead, we plan to bring new local versions of Pluto TV to other priority markets, including Brazil this year, and France and Italy in 2021. Importantly, these are all markets where ViacomCBS has strong local operations, including a large pipeline of local language content in place and ready to go. The world is quickly embracing FAST, which is why Pluto TVs leadership and growth is a key component of our streaming strategy. And remember, as we progressively build out a linked ecosystem, Pluto will also serve as a gateway to and funnel for our pay services. So, there was a lot to be excited about for ViacomCBS in Q3 in the streaming space. And Im even more excited about where were going. Here, I want to touch on a few items. First, consistent with our strategy to maximize our position and assets across both pay and free, in mid-October, we announced the creation of a new consolidated streaming organization. Tom Ryan, the co-founder and CEO of Pluto TV has assumed the role of President and CEO of ViacomCBS Streaming, overseeing Paramount Plus and Pluto TV. In this expanded role, Tom will drive our strategic execution globally, as we create a progressively integrated streaming ecosystem across pay and free. Toms entrepreneurial drive, deep knowledge, and over the top his focus on the consumer experience and demonstrated ability to work effectively across our Company, make him ideally suited to lead this next leg of our streaming journey. A second item I want to touch on is Paramount Plus, which is on track to debut in early 2021. As you know, Paramount Plus will combine live sports, breaking news and a mountain of entertainment, including exclusive original content, plus a diverse and deep library of shows and movies, spanning all programming genres from ViacomCBS leading brands in one unified service. Here, despite the challenges of COVID, our original programming plans continue to advance. And we will have a deep roster of original series that lean heavily on our franchises, including The Offer, a scripted limited series that will tell the incredible story behind the making of the Godfather, one of Paramount Pictures most iconic franchises; a new addition of Behind the Music, a truly iconic music series;. Real Criminal Minds, a true crime docu series, spinning out of CBS Criminal Minds; Kamp Koral, a new original childrens series from Nickelodeon, SpongeBob SquarePants, which we will release after the new SpongeBob movie, Sponge on the Run, and will be exclusive to Paramount Plus; and we also have new original content, including Lioness, a new series from the creator of Yellowstone. We will, of course, have more original programming to announce as we get closer to launch. As we get into 21, we see substantial incremental growth ahead. Our preview launch at the end of July served as a proof-of-concept, and that gives us the confidence to lean into streaming even more. Were executing a plan which will bring more content, more marketing and more distribution to the table. Paramount Plus with its live sports, breaking news and mountain of entertainment, together with Pluto TV in the free space and Showtime OTT in premium, will take ViacomCBS streaming to a whole new level. This is certainly an exciting time for our Company. And Im so glad that Naveen Chopra has joined us for the next leg of our journey. Since early August, hes truly hit the ground running. Hes brought a fresh and valuable perspective to ViacomCBS, especially as we gear up for our launch of Paramount Plus early next year. With that, Ill hand it over to Naveen to provide his thoughts as well as additional financial detail on the quarter. Naveen?
Naveen Chopra: Thank you, Bob, and good morning, everyone. Im excited to be here for my first ViacomCBS earnings call. It has now been three months since I joined the Company. I was initially drawn to ViacomCBS because of its strong position in the media industry. Having now had some time to listen and learn, I find myself even more bullish about our future and our ability to create long-term value for ViacomCBS shareholders by leveraging the scale of our brands, content and distribution. Thus far, ViacomCBS has exceeded my expectations in several respects. The Company has moved quickly and effectively to capture synergies from the merger, has successfully found ways to enhance both, the financial and strategic value of its traditional media businesses and has an even stronger presence in streaming than people recognize, all of which are demonstrated in our Q3 results. I am particularly inspired by the opportunities we have in streaming, where the addressable market is expansive and growing, both domestically and globally. In addition, the value of the users of our largest pay streaming services continues to increase, driven in part by favorable trends in underlying churn and growth in engagement. Similarly, in free ad-supported streaming, Pluto TV is not only rapidly growing MAUs and total viewing hours, but it is seeing a significant mix shift to consumption on higher-value connected TV platforms and material growth in monetization with plenty of room to grow in sell-through and CPM. Im also emboldened by the fact that we have the rare DNA to produce world-class content at scale, including for the streaming generation, from original programming like Billions or Yellowstone; to unscripted like MTVs The Challenge; to kids programming like PAW Patrol or SpongeBob; and of course, iconic movie franchises such as Top Gun and The Godfather, ViacomCBS content has proven to be a powerful audience magnet on both, our owned and third-party platforms. And I consider this pipeline of content, regardless of where it is distributed, a tremendous asset that we can optimally allocate to support our overall strategy. And I share with you that this depth of content production capability is quite rare. Both the content assets themselves and the ability to create them are scarce, valuable, and they are the envy of some of the largest technology and media players in the industry. So, while the competitive environment is intense and requires sharp execution to achieve our streaming ambitions, I am encouraged by the progress we have made, and together with industry trends, believe pay and free streaming will yield compelling ROI, consistent with our goal of creating long-term shareholder value. Now, let me take you through some of the highlights of our third quarter results. Total Company revenue was $6.1 billion, down 9% year-over-year. Adjusted OIBDA was $1.1 billion, down 12% year-over-year, and adjusted diluted EPS was $0.91. Ill provide some additional details on revenue in a moment. But, as you would expect, the year-over-year trend in total Company revenue represents significant pandemic-related effects on advertising sales, content licensing and theatrical revenues. Compared to the year-ago quarter, adjusted OIBDA declined, driven by lower revenue, somewhat offset by lower costs principally associated with delays in production expense. Q3 adjusted free cash flow was very strong at $1.5 billion, largely because production activity remained limited throughout most of the quarter, resulting in a significant working capital benefit. As a reminder, adjusted free cash flow excludes $164 million of payments for restructuring, merger-related costs and costs to achieve synergies. Looking more closely at our revenue performance in the quarter, domestic streaming and digital video revenue grew 56% versus the year-ago period to $636 million, owing to significant growth in sign-ups across CBS All Access and Showtime OTT, and very strong growth in monthly active users and minutes viewed on Pluto. Domestic subscription streaming revenue grew 78% in Q3, an acceleration from 52% in Q2, driven by the continued momentum we are seeing across our subscription services. And on the ad-supported side, digital video advertising revenue also experienced a strong recovery versus Q2. Pluto TV was a key contributor to this recovery. In fact, growth at Pluto TV accelerated materially from Q2 with revenue more than doubling from the year-ago period. In aggregate, our domestic streaming and digital video revenue is now pacing at an annual run rate north of $2.5 billion and growing over 50% year-on-year as of Q3. Streaming momentum also benefited affiliate revenue, which grew 10% year-on-year in Q3 versus 2% in Q2. The growth in total Company affiliate revenue was driven by growth in streaming subscription revenue and distribution renewals, which included incremental carriage and improved economics. Domestic cable affiliate revenue grew 4% year-over-year in Q3 versus a decline of 6% in Q2 and grew year-on-year, even excluding the growth of Showtime OTT. In addition, TV entertainment affiliate revenue grew 25% in Q3, an acceleration versus 22% in Q2, driven by strong growth in streaming subscription revenue and retrans feed and reverse comp, which also benefited from renewal activity in the quarter. Advertising revenue was down 6% year-over-year, reflecting continued COVID-19 headwinds. However, the Q3 growth rate was a significant improvement relative to the year-over-year decline we experienced in Q2. The improvement in advertising trends has been broad-based across broadcast and cable, but we are especially encouraged by the increasing contribution from the inventory included in EyeQ. As a reminder, the EyeQ platform provides advertisers a single transactional point of entry to our digital video content advertising inventory and includes not only digital video advertising revenue from Pluto TV, but full episode inventory from our other ViacomCBS networks. The recovery in Q3 also benefited from improvement in scatter pricing, owing to firming marketplace demand. In terms of key categories, pharma remains strong. And weve seen improvements in automotive, financial services and retail. As expected, political spend was very robust in Q3. Turning to content licensing. Q3 revenue was down 33% year-over-year, reflecting a lower volume of licensing due to COVID-related production delays and several licensed programs reaching series-end in the year-ago period. As you know, licensing revenue is inherently lumpy as evidenced by the licensing of South Park earlier this year, which contributed a significant amount of revenue and adjusted OIBDA in Q2. So, while content licensing will be a part of our strategy going forward, we do not expect to replicate a deal of this size and nature in 2021. Theatrical revenue was immaterial in the quarter as most theaters remained closed. But, we have found ways to mitigate the near-term loss of theatrical revenue through alternate monetization strategies, including early EST, PVOD and licensing select titles to streaming platforms. And finally, publishing revenue increased 29% year-over-year due to strong sales in Q3, including Mary Trumps Too Much and Never Enough and Bob Woodwards Rage. On the expense front, we remain focused on reducing our costs. We benefited from merger-related cost synergies in the third quarter and are on track to realize at least $300 million in savings for the full year 2020 and $800 million in annualized run rate merger-related cost synergies by the end of 2022, before consideration of onetime cost to achieve. In addition, we are benefiting from COVID-related cost savings, which helped offset some of the COVID impact of revenue. And a portion of these cost savings are sustainable, while some are timing-related and will return as we increase production activity. Turning to cash flow. Adjusted free cash flow in the quarter was $1.5 billion, equaling $2.9 billion year-to-date, benefiting from a significant working capital tailwind due in large part to temporary production delays. We expect this trend will reverse somewhat in Q4 as we continue to ramp production. Regarding the balance sheet. As a result of the financing transactions completed earlier this year and our strong free cash flow, we ended the quarter with over $3 billion of cash on hand and have no debt maturities until 2022. When considering merger-related cost synergies, our gross debt-to-adjusted OIBDA ratio calculates to 3.4 times and 2.9 times, on a net debt basis. Following the quarter, we closed the sale of CNET on October 30th, resulting in proceeds of $350 million net of taxes and transaction costs. Our cash balance and maturity profile provide operating flexibility and capacity to delever, even before factoring future noncore asset sales. We continue to hold a 2.75 times long-term leverage target, and we will use our excess capital after streaming investments and dividend payments to pay down debt. We do not currently plan to repurchase any shares. Id now like to share some insights regarding our expectations for the remainder of the year. First, regarding our domestic streaming and digital video revenue, we anticipate continued momentum as we move closer to the launch of Paramount Plus next year. We expect to end 2020 at an annual run rate north of $2.8 billion in domestic streaming and digital video revenue, powered by strong growth in streaming subs and Pluto TV, MAUs and engagement. We continue to prepare for the launch of Paramount Plus by adding content to All Access, rolling out new features like customer profiles and enhanced recommendations, and consolidating our marketing efforts to support the launch. As part of this consolidation, in Q4, we will start sunsetting some of our smaller legacy streaming services, like MTV Hits, whose content will be incorporated in Paramount Plus. This will create a onetime headwind to streaming subscriber growth in Q4 as we set up for a much larger streaming service longer term. Nonetheless, we now expect to finish the year with at least 19 million domestic streaming subscribers, up from our original guidance of 16 million. We continue to expect Pluto TV to finish the year at over 30 million domestic MAUs and expect 40 million when measured on a global basis. Looking at affiliate revenue, we expect Q4 to show similar affiliate revenue growth rates to Q3 in both, total Company affiliate and domestic cable affiliate revenue as the combined strength in pricing retrans, reverse comp, incremental carriage and subscription streaming revenue more than offsets linear subscriber declines. In terms of advertising revenue, we expect another quarter of improving trends, driven by strength in political, sports and digital. And finally, on free cash flow, in Q4, we expect some reversal of the working capital tailwind as content production spend ramps materially. Nonetheless, for the full year 2020, adjusted free cash flow will still enjoy a material temporary working capital benefit from the delayed timing of production, which will continue to unwind in 2021. Looking to 2021, we are encouraged by the growth opportunity ahead for Paramount Plus, Showtime OTT and Pluto TV, and we expect to support this momentum by increasing our investments in streaming. As it relates to adjusted OIBDA and free cash flow, we expect the impacts of additional streaming investment to be partially offset by the benefits of incremental merger-related cost synergies and the Super Bowl on CBS in the first quarter. As we look forward, I want to reiterate how happy I am to be here and how excited I am about the growth opportunity we have. With that, we can now open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will be coming from the line of Brett Feldman with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Brett Feldman: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. A two-part question, if you dont mind, about Paramount Plus, and these are questions weve been getting a lot. First is, when you think about -- or how should we think about the content thats really going to be the foundation of driving the reacceleration? And another way we get asked that question is, more simply, how do you think about how many original hours you need to really draw and attract users to the service? And then, secondly, what ultimately is going to be the [Technical Difficulty] to determine whether the rebranding has been a success? Id assume wed be looking at subs. And I dont know if youre willing to put a target out there right now, but if theres another way we should be looking at it, that would be very helpful.
Bob Bakish: Yes. Sure, Brett. Look, Im incredibly excited about the launch of Paramount Plus in early 21. Its going to be a truly differentiated and compelling offering thats unlike anything thats really out there today. And look, as a reminder, Paramount Plus is building on CBS All Access, a product that already has strong momentum, as youve seen in the metrics in the third quarter. That said, Paramount Plus is going to be live sports, breaking news and a mountain of entertainment. Look at live sports, includes the NFL, the SEC, UEFA, PGA Golf, the NCAA and more. The breaking news side, it will be live CBS News anytime from CBSN, live local news from CBS stations, key new shows like 60 Minutes and more to be announced. And then theres the mountain of entertainment from our flagship brands, which are Paramount, CBS, Nickelodeon, MTV, BET, Comedy Central, Smithsonian. It really provides us strength in a whole set of key genres, reality, crime procedurals, kids, films and more. It will appeal across demographics, everything from preschoolers to 50 plus. Of course, its going to be available on demand but has some live elements. And, its going to have a very strong original slate, many based on franchises that come from across the brands that are represented in the service. Id also point out that the consumer response from our preview launch -- and remember, in late July, we added 3,500 episodes from Viacom brands as well as about 190 Paramount films. That consumer response was strong and really served as proof-of-concept thats given us the confidence to lean in. The response includes growing subscribers and a significant decrease in the average age. The average age of new subs came down by almost 10 years and was more diverse. We saw material increase in time spent. That included more than doubling time spent with film, and Viacom content becoming a strong double-digit part of overall consumption. So, no question, the product is working. The plan now is to continue to add content. That will be about 10,000 additional hours. Of course, rebrand CBS All Access to Paramount Plus in early 21, and that will be the time when the original slate also has expanded further to encompass the flagship brands. The last thing Id say is the response to us selecting Paramount Plus as a brand has been overwhelmingly positive. So, lots to be excited about here around Paramount Plus, and we see substantial incremental growth ahead.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Michael Morris with Guggenheim.
Michael Morris: Hi. Thanks, guys. Good morning. Im hoping you can go into a little bit more detail on the cable networks affiliate strength in the quarter. It certainly came in ahead of what we were expecting. And, there is a few moving parts in there with the strength in streaming. What youre seeing sort of in the kind of core traditional cable universe? Also, you had a couple of new agreements with YouTube, I think, maybe one with another major distributor. Can you help us at all with those different components that contributed to the acceleration? And maybe whether we need to consider any that might not be recurring going forward? And then if I could, just real quickly, you talked a bit about cash flow into the coming year. And Im curious if you can share a little more about how Paramount Plus might impact free cash flow. Like how much of your investment in that business is sort of a repurposing or a shifting of sort of existing run rate, and how much will be incremental?
Bob Bakish: Yes. Sure, Michael. Ill take the affiliate piece, and Ill flip it to Naveen for the cash flow piece. So, the affiliate -- Im really happy with the state of our affiliate business. We clearly had a very strong dynamic in the quarter, and that dynamic was driven both, by unit and by rate. So, if you look at the unit side of the equation, subscriber declines were less than expected from an industry perspective. We saw that too in our remits. And we had the benefit of incremental carriage in the form of Viacom networks being added to YouTube TV in July. And then, on top of that, you overlay rate. And the rate story is very strong. We had renewal activity that benefited retrans and reverse comp as well as our premium services. And thats in addition to the built-in escalators we have in all our network deals. Id also remind you that on the reverse comp side, deals are priced in absolute dollars, and therefore, insulated from subscriber declines. So, thats effectively another driver of rate. And then, of course, as you mentioned, our affiliate growth is also being driven by the strong momentum we have in streaming. And as I indicated in my prepared remarks, subscription streaming revenue growth accelerated to 78% in the quarter. So, you put all that together, and we had a very strong affiliate story. And importantly, we expect the growth we experienced in Q3 will continue at a similar rate in Q4. And then, more broadly, I really like our position. Our product line positions us very well to respond to changing consumer behavior. We have compelling offerings in pay and free streaming apps, plus an industry-leading linear bundle. And we know how to work with a broad range of distribution partners. We know how to get deals done, and we have a legacy of creating mutually beneficial value. So, feel great about affiliate. On the cash flow side, Naveen?
Naveen Chopra: Yes. In terms of the streaming investment piece, were not going to provide any specific guidance for 21 at this point. But, what I can share is that as we think about the magnitude and the composition of our content investments, were very-focused on thinking about it relative to the growth opportunities we see. And what I mean by that is, look, streaming is obviously a big opportunity. Its one where weve got several years of experience and increasing momentum. So, its not a greenfield investment. Remember, our domestic streaming and digital video revenue is growing 50% on an annual run rate of $2.5 billion. So, we see that as a really compelling case for investing to continue to support the growth. And as I mentioned in my earlier remarks, we do intend to do that in 2021. Some of that investment will be funded by the growth itself, and some of it will be funded by incremental cost synergies. And so, unlike a pure-play streaming company, I think our content investments have a lot of leverage, meaning that every dollar we spend on content can benefit us across the entire company, from streaming to linear to film and adjacent businesses like consumer products. So, we spend a lot of time thinking about how to allocate and reallocate that spend to optimize that leverage across all of those different distribution channels.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Jessica Reif Ehrlich with Bank of America Securities.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Bob, you touched on this in your prepared remarks but -- on the streaming reorganization. Can you talk -- give us a little more color about how youre better positioned to compete in a world thats quickly shifting more towards direct-to-consumer driven business models? What can you do now under this new organizational structure that you couldnt do before? Do you need to reorganize any other parts of the Company? And then, just a separate topic, but could you touch on the upfront and how it turned out?
Bob Bakish: Yes. Sure, Jessica. So, first, in terms of the streaming org, probably three things that I should highlight. First, as I mentioned in my remarks, we recently created this combined organization under Tom Ryan, to enhance our ability to create value from the combined asset base. Now look, and particularly, thats really about maximizing the benefit of us operating in both, the pay and free space. I see that combination of having a range of benefits. It will advantage us in terms of increasing lifetime value, including helping manage SAC and churn, and integrated model also facilitates sharing of tech, data and analytics. And I believe an integrated model will facilitate a more sophisticated approach to windowing across our streaming services. The second thing you should know is that, as part of this change, Tom Ryan joins our Content Council, and that means hes partnering with our content leadership as they execute on a multi-platform mandate. Our brand leads, you know them, Jessica, George Cheeks, Jim Gianopulos, Chris McCarthy, David Nevins, Brian Robbins, they are the best in the business. And they are now aligned with Tom to ensure we put the full weight of our Company behind our streaming aspirations. I believe that enables a stronger team and allows us also to extract benefits from outside streaming from which to drive streaming, things like traditional reach and our broader IP portfolio, including importantly, as related to key franchises. And by the way, were already seeing that benefit in terms of our plans for Paramount Plus and for Pluto TV. The last thing you should look -- you should look at this really in the context of our overall execution as one ViacomCBS. As you know, Jessica, since day one of the merger, Ive been focused on harnessing the combined power of this Company. And youve seen us move quickly to integrate key functions, both on the commercial and strategic services side to really benefit from that. Its a powerful model. Its already working in many ways. And I believe theres much more to come. On the upfront side, look, were doing an upfront -- a virtual upfront in fact, in the middle of COVID-19 was something no one had ever experienced before. But, Im really happy with where we ended up. I think, the team did a phenomenal job really benefiting from our asset base. We were up low single digits on price. And we were very careful with volume holding back inventory, so that we have inventory to sell in scatter. And as you know, Jessica, scatter market today is very robust. Were seeing historically high premiums versus the upfront, higher than pre-COVID, by the way. And were seeing scatter to scatter in broadcast in double digits and then in cable in high singles. So, that market is robust. You want to have inventory to play there. We will. On the digital side of the upfront, demand was very solid, up versus last years upfront. Its another reason why I love our position with Pluto. Its a -- because if you think about Pluto for a second, its a solution to our clients need for high-quality video reach in todays marketplace, and its a solution to our needs for impressions to drive growth. And when you look at the numbers, its a solution thats clearly working, and it has room to run. So, again, a different upfront than any of us have ever experienced, but I feel very good about how were exiting it. And it is a good base to build on going into 21.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Alexia Quadrani with JP Morgan.
Alexia Quadrani: Just two questions. The first one is on your impressive performance that youre seeing at Pluto. Im curious if youve seen any impact on engagement from some other your competitors that seem to moving into the space, Roku, Peacock to just name a few. And then, just a follow-up, if I can. If you can discuss the licensing of Comedy Central content to HBO Max, just given your ownership over such an important comedy brand. Im curious about the thought process of choosing to sell that to a third party rather than keeping it for Paramount Plus.
Bob Bakish: Yes. Sure, Alexia. So, let me start by saying, I couldnt be happier with our decision to acquire Pluto in late 2018. Its an amazing asset and its growing even faster than we had hoped, never mind planned, but hoped at the time. And look, you heard the message today. The momentum is unquestionable in both usage and monetization. If you recall, we closed on that deal in March of 19. And we quickly talked about it being a long-term opportunity of having $1 billion in revenue. I think, people thought we were crazy when we said that. But, given the growth weve experienced since then, our ambitions have actually grown from there. Why? Because as I said, really to my last answer, its an amazing thing, its a solution to the marketplace need for high-quality video reach, and its a solution to us needing more impressions to sell. Its a great intersection. In terms of the category and competitors, look, the category is very strong, but the good news is we have the number one FAST service. So, are we feeling any pressure? No, not -- I mean look at the revenue growth rates, Pluto more than doubled in the quarter. And again, its got tremendous momentum. With respect to your question on Comedy Central and HBO Max, look, our content licensing strategy -- I think theres really two things to think about here. One is content licensing is an important business; but two is, our strategy is clearly evolving, particularly with Paramount Plus. So, first, in terms of the content licensing business, we have a tremendous asset base in content, both from a library -- film library of 4,000 titles, TV library of 140,000 episodes, current series production of 750 series globally. We cant keep all that for our self. It doesnt make sense. Its too much. And, we do have strong demand from third parties because we are proven hit-makers. And that demand, we can reliably and profitably monetize it, and we do. And remember, the monetization is overwhelming a rental model, so the IP does return to us over time for other downstream uses. Id also say that beyond the financial value of licensing, it has strategic value. We can and do use third-party platforms to extend and expand audience, and that also provides downstream benefits to our owned and operated platforms. That could be about early seasons on a third-party platform, driving demand for new seasons or spin-offs on ours, could also be about broader revenues like consumer products. All that said, and this is where I want to talk a bit about Comedy Central specifically that you asked, our strategy is clearly evolving in a more O&O, owned and operated based direction. And Paramount Plus has already impacted our content licensing decisions. We do have a two-year view of the original slate for Paramount Plus that leans heavily on franchise, IP from across the Company. We made those decisions before we decided what to license. Thats IP were very excited about. You heard a bit about it, but theres more to come as we get closer to launch. In terms of library, which is where your Comedy question fits in, weve increasingly moved to a co-exclusive or non-exclusive model to ensure that Paramount Plus also benefits from the product. And again, you look at what is an acquisition driver versus what is an engagement driver. Library product is not acquisition drivers. These, we believe, will be our franchise-linked originals and our original originals. But library product, including some stuff from Comedy Central is good for engagement. And so, we want to have it for our own use. But again, we dont think that detracts from subscriber acquisition for Paramount Plus. So, again, I feel very good about where we are in content licensing. We have a very thoughtful strategy. We are supporting that business, but we are clearly evolving it, including in a more owned and operated direction as we ramp Paramount Plus. And again, very excited about what 21 is going to bring.
Operator: Next question is from Rich Greenfield with LightShed Partners.
Rich Greenfield: Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. Ive got two. First, I guess, if we look at Peacock and HBO Max, its pretty clear that SVOD, just as a business model, is really hard, and that you need sort of must watch and kind of only can get their type content. Youve got things like Star Trek that are only available on All Access, I assume will only be available on Paramount Plus. But, when I look at things like the NFL, you can get those in other places. You dont have to watch Paramount Plus to get the NFL. So, maybe just help investors understand, like what type -- whats the content, can you give us any previews like whats going to be the must have franchises that are going to be only available on Paramount Plus, to drive that product?
Bob Bakish: Yes. Sure, Rich. So look, were absolutely focused on creating a must-watch service in Paramount Plus. And we do believe that our positioning of live sports, breaking news and a mountain of entertainment is differentiated and compelling. Now, as part of that, theres no question that franchises will be key to the success of Paramount Plus. And related to that, our strategy is to have new original variants of franchises to serve as subscription drivers. Those originals, in turn, much like my commentary to Alexias point in a way, will be linked to larger library assets that drive subscriber engagement. So, were very focused on this strategy. And Id also note that one of our competitors has clearly demonstrated the value of that approach. So, Star Trek, you mentioned, arguably the original proof-of-concept for CBS All access. There are now multiple variants of it on All Access, it works well for us. Sports, which you also mentioned, theyre a bit different, but clearly powerful. We have UEFA. That is exclusive. And were very happy we got it. By the way, were super happy we got it early and now have it for a whole bunch of years going forward. But, look, the NFL, the SEC, the golf, even though theyre also available on CBS linear, they definitely work for All Access and will definitely work for Paramount Plus. In terms of Paramount Plus, we have announced some new entertainment franchises that were bringing to Plus, the Godfather, SpongeBob, the Criminal Minds spinout. But, under the covers, our preview launch showed that theres other franchises that work too that have potential, things like MTVs reality show, The Challenge; things like Nicks animated library series, Avatar, and all this is really the tip of the iceberg. And we do have other franchises in the Company. So, you can safely assume that upcoming announcements will include new original variants of them for Paramount Plus. We will of course have some non-franchise-based new originals to keep things fresh. But, Im not going to get ahead of things and reveal them until we get much closer to launch.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks. Good morning. Sticking on the direct-to-consumer theme, two questions. Bob, how do you think about the kids and family investment and opportunity in front of Paramount Plus, particularly around sort of the Nick brand and animated content? Some of the more general entertainment, broader services have kids content, but theyre not dedicated kids apps, so to speak. So, just wondering how youre thinking about integrating Nick and animation and to make sure you get the most out of that inside of Paramount Plus. And then, for either you or Naveen, Im just curious -- maybe Naveen, since from your Amazon days, when you look at how Viacom CBS is executing on like customer acquisition, retention, analytics, across kind of Pluto, Paramount Plus, Showtime, do you think there is opportunities to align those across the three services in a more effective way than whats being done today? Obviously, theyve had a lot of success. So, Im not asking you to Monday morning quarterback then. But, just from your perspective, Id be curious what you see as the big opportunities operationally there.
Bob Bakish: Yes. Sure, Ben. Let me go first, and then Ill flip it to Naveen for the second part. So, look, the kids, and its really the kids and family space we believe is fundamentally important to us at Paramount Plus. We obviously believe that bringing the Nick brand and its incredible library of both shows and IP that can continue to go forward is an amazing advantage. If you look at the preview launch and what weve done with CBS All Access to date, we have added a bunch of Nickelodeon content. That content is definitely a significant contributor to what I characterize as a strong double-digit share of overall consumption that Viacom network content now represents on CBS All Access. As we get into Paramount Plus, we mentioned adding 10,000 additional hours. Certainly, a bunch of that will be from Nick. We mentioned a growing original slate. Certainly, thats coming from Nick. We have mentioned one title that we are putting as new exclusive original on Paramount Plus that is Camp Coral, which is a SpongeBob spinout. That is getting dropped after we exclusively release the SpongeBob, Sponge on the Run movie in the domestic U.S. market on Paramount Plus. So, we think kids and family is very important, and we think we have real advantage in terms of content and capabilities here. By the way, we are also -- Naveen, I think, mentioned adding features and other things to Paramount Plus. One of the things were doing there is in the profile area, including setting it up to be a safe kids environment. We believe thats important, particularly for the preschool side of the house but obviously older kids as well. So yes, thats important part of the equation. And again, this is another place where ViacomCBS brings a tremendous advantage to the table. And having Brian Robbins, who, as I referenced, is on the Content Council, is working with Tom Ryan, is focused on moving this forward. In fact, he was the advocate for Kamp Koral debuting on Paramount Plus versus Nickelodeon linear, because he believed it was a key part of a franchise play. So, hes totally in us making Paramount Plus a success, including, of course, in the kids space. Naveen?
Naveen Chopra: Yes. Thanks, Bob. Ben, I think, in terms of the analytics and the metrics that go into making a subscription business highly successful, as I said in my remarks, I see a lot of encouraging trends. And I look at it through the lens of all the components that are required to maximize the overall lifetime of our viewers. So, whether you look at churn, whether you look at SAC, whether you look at engagement, I think, that we have great momentum in many of those dimensions. And were highly focused on continuing to optimize them. In particular, the fact that we have the linked ecosystem between subscription in Paramount Plus and Showtime, and Pluto TV as a free offering I think gives us tremendous opportunities to apply analytics and data and figure out the most optimal way to acquire subscribers and ways to maximize their lifetime, perhaps by moving them between those services, depending on their needs at any given point. And I would add to that that we can layer on top of those different services some really sophisticated analytics and well be able to collect more data than we would have with a single service. So, Im extremely excited about what we can do there. I think, theres clearly momentum, but also a lot of opportunity that we can take that to the next level.
Operator: Next question is coming from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Credit Suisse.
Doug Mitchelson: Thanks so much. One for Bob and one for Naveen, if I could. Bob, youve talked in the past about steady content spending. If we look through the COVID impacts, and I guess Id be curious how far back to normal the production of content is in 4Q. But, the question is whether thats steady with 2019 content spending is the right way to think about 2021 or as you see all these opportunities in streaming, if youre starting to take those content spending budgets higher. And for Naveen, depending how much Bob wants to spend on content in the future, how is the balance sheet position at this point in time? How should investors think about allocation of free cash flow, going forward? Thank you, both.
Bob Bakish: Yes. So, look, on the content side, obviously COVID interrupted a trajectory that was pretty well-understood because it did impact film and television production. But, I am happy to say that weve made very significant progress in a safe return to production with the health of our crews and talent top of mind. At this point, knock on wood, were almost back to normal volumes. If you look at our Viacom media networks, the cable side of the house, theyre probably at 95% of production relative to prior year. CBS essentially has all of the fall network series currently in production. By the way, we debuted a bunch of them recently, including Young Sheldon, Mom, NCIS, as well as a new comedy from Chuck, B Positive, and theres more coming. Showtimes back up in production in almost all of its series. And even Paramount on the film side, which obviously very location-based, is ramping up and expects to be back at full capacity in 2021. And, I also mentioned that our originals for Paramount Plus are on track. So again, from a production volume standpoint, we really have made extraordinary progress, particularly in the last quarter. And were currently in very good shape. And that means were ramping back to a more normal level of content spend. Obviously, that trajectory will continue into 21. And look, well continue to work to remix it as we have been to optimize our return on investment, pushing towards growth areas, et cetera. But, the production side is actually in pretty good shape, again, knock on wood, at the moment. Naveen?
Naveen Chopra: So, in relation to the balance sheet and cash, I feel very good about the current state of the balance sheet. As you heard, $3 billion of cash on the balance sheet today. Thats before counting any of the proceeds from CNET or other future noncore asset sales. And going forward, we think about three financial priorities. We want to be able to support our organic investment, principally in streaming. We want to fund our dividend, and we want to pay down debt. The first two are basically funded out of free cash flow. Debt paydown is accomplished through any excess free cash flow and then noncore asset sales. So, to the extent we do complete additional transactions in the future, I would expect the proceeds of those to primarily go to debt reduction. So, hopefully, that gives you some clarity.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks, Doug. Operator, we have time for one last question.
Operator: So, that question will be coming from the line of John Hodulik with UBS.
John Hodulik: Maybe just a couple of quick follow-ups, first, on the -- some housekeeping. Any update on those non-core asset sales in terms of -- what we can look for in terms of timing? And then, maybe for Bob on the paid streaming side. Net adds for the quarter slowed a bit versus the last two. Was there -- did the consolidation of the legacy D2C platforms impact the quarter, or was there some pull forward in maybe 2Q from COVID? And then, lastly, where is the distribution most effective? Did the Apple promo that you guys had out there perform as expected? Thanks.
Naveen Chopra: Yes. So, Ill take the first part on non-core asset sales. No specific timing updates to provide there other than to say that as weve announced previously, we do intend to divest Simon & Schuster, we do also intend to divest Black Rock. We will complete both of those transactions at a time and in a form where we think we can maximize value. Simon & Schuster particularly is one that we think has been performing extremely well of late and is a very valuable asset, though still not core for us. And so, we do look forward to completing that in the future.
Bob Bakish: Yes. And to your question really on, I would call it, mix of subscriber adds and whats going on with subscribers. Again, Q3 on a pay subscriber growth basis, very strong. Q4, we didnt take the number up as much as we did before. Remember, our year-end target for pay used to be 16 million, then we took it up to 18 million, now, were taking up to 19 million. It is true that in the fourth quarter, as I think Naveen referenced in his remarks, we are doing some sunsetting of smaller services, service like MTV Hits, as we prepare for the relaunch of Paramount Plus in early 21. And were also kind of focusing on marketing in 21 versus in the fourth quarter. So, I wouldnt read too much into the fact that we only raised it to 19 million versus a higher number. We feel very good about our trajectory in 20, and were super excited about where this thing is going in 21. As to your question about kind of mix of ads and Apple TV+ versus others, the good news is we have broad and really ubiquitous distribution. Its one of our, I believe, real advantages in this game. Its partially because we dont have an in-house distribution channel that we favor. And, were really seeing net adds come from a broad range of places, yes, including Apple TV+. But, by far, thats not the only place they are coming from. So, we feel good about that. Look, were very pleased with our results for this quarter, including the accelerated transformation of our business that youre seeing in less than a year. And despite the challenges of the pandemic, we brought together a single ViacomCBS that does have growing momentum and is creating value on multiple dimensions. You see that in our Q3 metrics, both on the traditional side, and importantly in streaming where our momentum is indisputable. And while were really pleased with Q3, its whats to come that were really excited about. So, thank you for your time today. Thank you for your support. And finally, Id like to thank all ViacomCBS employees for all they do every day to drive our Company forward. Stay well, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-06 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the ViacomCBS Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Anthony DiClemente. Please go ahead, sir.
Anthony DiClemente: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking the time to join us for our second quarter 2020 earnings call. Joining me for today's discussion are Bob Bakish, our President and CEO; and Chris Spade, our CFO. Please note that in addition to our earnings release, we have trending schedules containing supplemental information available on our website. We also have a slide presentation for you to follow along with our remarks. I want to refer you to the second slide in the presentation and remind you that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in more detail in our filings with the SEC. Today's remarks will focus on adjusted results. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information discussed on this call can be found in our earnings release or on our website. With that, I will turn the call over to Bob.
Robert Bakish: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that ViacomCBS' second quarter delivered a continuation of, and in many respects an acceleration of, the 3 key themes we outlined on our Q1 call. First, despite headwinds from COVID-19, ViacomCBS delivered another solid quarter with sequential improvement in key earnings and cash flow metrics and clear operational momentum. Second, we continue to proactively manage through the pandemic, taking significant steps to strengthen our business, preserve the value of our assets, increase our financial flexibility and further reduce costs. And third, we continue to focus on and deliver on value creation, unlocking the power of ViacomCBS and, specifically, our synergistic combination of studios, networks and streaming. In the quarter, we continued to integrate the company and increased our projection for cost savings, both in year and overall. We made significant progress in distribution, and we rapidly accelerated our streaming business. Here, we achieved record users in revenue in free and pay, all while simultaneously making material progress towards the relaunch of our diversified super service. So there's a lot to talk about. Let me start with an overview of the financials and some key operating highlights from the quarter. Financially, ViacomCBS posted the combined company's second consecutive quarter of sequential improvement in operating income, adjusted OIBDA, adjusted diluted earnings per share and adjusted free cash flow, this on both an absolute dollar and rate of change basis. While advertising revenue declined 27% in the quarter, overwhelmingly due to COVID, we continue to expect Q2 to be the bottom in terms of year-over-year decline. To that end, we've seen sequential improvement month-over-month since April, June was strong, and we're encouraged by what we're seeing so far in Q3. We believe this reflects not only economic optimism for a gradual recovery but also the power of our portfolio and the significant value we bring to advertisers. Affiliate revenue grew 2% in the quarter, with growth in pricing, retrans, reverse comp and streaming revenues more than offsetting pay TV subscriber declines. We anticipate this momentum to continue in the second half of the year. In addition, we increased domestic streaming and digital video revenue, which includes streaming subscription and digital video advertising revenue by 25%, reflecting record user growth in our streaming products, including 52% growth in subscription revenue. Moving to earnings. Cost-cutting initiatives and proactive cash management helped offset COVID- and timing-related revenue impacts. Here, the company reported 8% adjusted OIBDA growth in the quarter and generated $892 million of adjusted free cash flow, bringing year-to-date adjusted free cash flow to nearly $1.4 billion, up 19% year-on-year. Keep in mind that the second quarter free cash flow includes a significant working capital benefit from COVID-related programming shifts and production delays. As film and TV production builds in the second half, we do anticipate some reversal of the working capital benefit. Operationally, the enduring strength of our brands and IP is enabling us to successfully navigate this landscape. During the quarter, our domestic media networks held the highest share of TV viewing in all key audience demos. In broadcast, CBS finished the season as America's most watched network for the 12th straight year. CBS was #1 in all key dayparts for the third season, with the most watched drama and most watched news program in prime, the top 5 comedies and the #1 late night show, plus 7 of the top 8 new series. We also maintained our leadership as the #1 cable portfolio and share of TV viewing across all key demos, with more top 30 cable networks than any other media family. Nickelodeon was #1 with kids 2 to 11 for the 20th consecutive quarter and owned all of the top 10 original series. MTV had its best second quarter ratings performance in 2 years, and Comedy Central marked its 13th straight quarter of year-over-year share growth. And Showtime had the top show on premium cable for 2 consecutive quarters and the top 3 premium scripted series so far this year. Internationally, we continue to build on a global footprint that includes 190 million broadcast homes, the biggest in the world, and 2.7 billion cumulative TV homes. Our international linear share of viewing across countries increased 11% year-over-year. And I'm very proud to announce that for the first time, in June, Tubular Labs ranked ViacomCBS the #1 media entertainment company in social. Not only does this reinforce our popularity and the relevance of our brands and IP in the digital space, but our huge social platform is also an important marketing tool, particularly as we gear up for the relaunch of our streaming super service. And speaking of streaming, we have continued our momentum in user, subscriber and consumption growth across our streaming platforms as we increasingly lean into this opportunity. In free, Pluto TV's domestic MAUs grew 61% to 26.5 million, and we remain confident that Pluto will achieve its 30 million domestic MAU target by year-end. And Pluto TV is also ramping up outside the U.S., something I'll come back to shortly. And in pay, we ended the quarter with 16.2 million subscribers, up 74% year-on-year, reaching our year-end goal 6 months ahead of plan. Here, CBS All Access had a great quarter, and you'll hear more about where that product is going in a minute. And Showtime OTT had its best quarter ever in subscriber growth. And in the last 6 months alone, Showtime OTT has grown more than the previous 2.5 years combined. As we rapidly grow and evolve our streaming business, we're now increasing our domestic pay streaming subscriber guidance to 18 million by year-end. This growth, in addition to the revenue growth I mentioned earlier, supports our conviction in the growth potential of our streaming offering, and we're just getting started. The combined strengths of our networks and streaming offerings also enabled us to make important strides in domestic distribution, where we struck significant carriage agreements. In April, we signed a truly comprehensive multi-platform partnership with Verizon, spanning pay TV, connected TV and mobile. One particularly exciting component of this deal is the significant expansion of Pluto TV footprint that it enables, one which is rolling out on Verizon Wireless as we speak. Then in May, we announced a new deal with YouTube TV. This deal renewed CBS and Showtime early and, importantly, brought Viacom's cable networks to the fast-growing service. Viacom's brands went live on YouTube in late June, and we're thrilled to now provide MTV, Nickelodeon, Comedy Central, BET and more to its customers. More recently, in July, we announced a multiyear renewal with DISH and Sling TV. This was our third cross-company renewal, further demonstrating the power of our brands and content. And we continue to benefit from strong reverse comp, recently signing agreements with Sinclair and Cox, in addition to Nexstar and Meredith earlier in the year. This deal-making and more is reflective of the fact that ViacomCBS is a cornerstone content provider to a broad range of distributors. The combination here is powerful. And I'm happy to say we expect sequential improvement in year-over-year growth rates for domestic cable networks and total company affiliate revenue in Q3 and Q4.  Now turning from performance in the quarter to the second theme: how we've been managing through COVID. Here, there are a couple of points worth mentioning. First, we continue to fortify our balance sheet, enabling us to navigate the pandemic from a position of continued financial strength. During the quarter, we issued 2 debt transactions totaling $4.5 billion and used the proceeds to pay down $2.8 billion of upcoming maturities, including a $340 million redemption that settled in July. As a result, we don't have any maturities due until 2022. And we also have access to a committed and undrawn $3.5 billion revolver. Simultaneously, we have taken action to preserve and maximize the value of our assets, particularly in the film space. This starts with moving marquee film releases to 2021 when we believe the theatrical market will be stronger. In addition, we decided to take The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge on the Run and deploy this asset as part of our rebrand and relaunch of CBS All Access early in 2021 when we'll also have a short PVOD window leading into it. Paramount continues to be an incredible asset for the company. And while there weren't any new titles released in the quarter, we were able to capitalize on the strength and breadth of the studio's massive library of product as well as from our recently established joint venture with Miramax. And we remain excited about our film slate and look forward to opening fantastic films as the market stabilizes. Broadly speaking, everyone knows that COVID has presented material production challenges, but despite that, through alternate models, ViacomCBS continues to present consumers with fresh content in news, late night and selected unscripted areas. And in the quarter, we also resumed sports production with PGA Golf on CBS. It goes without saying that there is tremendous pent-up demand for live sports. Ratings for the Charles Schwab Challenge, the Travelers Championship and the Rocket Mortgage Classic have all been very strong. In fact, since returning to live golf, CBS Sports' overall viewership is up 25% from comparable events last year. And building on that, we're excited to have Bellator and Showtime Boxing back on air, along with UEFA soccer premiering on CBS and CBS All Access this week. And we look forward to the return of football in the fall, including last week's announcement that the SEC has confirmed its in-conference game schedule, and we continue to be optimistic about the NFL 2 given all the work they are doing. With respect to entertainment product, we have already started to resume production activity, albeit on a smaller scale. Our priority is to restart our production safely and in compliance with local health and safety standards. There are, of course, a lot of moving parts to manage returning to production, and we've been collaborating with our industry partners on industry-wide recommendations. We're using a phased approach based on geography, show format, in-studio versus location-based productions, along with other considerations. But against this backdrop, things are ramping up. As examples, Tyler Perry just wrapped production on the new season of Sistas for BET. We're in production and close to completing Yellowstone in Utah and are about to start filming season 4 in Wyoming. And we recently started shooting a live action show for Nickelodeon in Canada. Add to that, we have a series of unscripted productions underway, including Big Brother, which debuted this week. And we're excited about Love Island, which will be broadcasting 7 days a week once it debuts in late summer. Looking forward, we have a pipeline of productions moving towards starting. And we're optimistic that volume will grow, ensuring we have fresh product on air in the fall. And third, through it all, we continue to be focused on value creation. Value creation starts with delivering on the material cost savings opportunity associated with the integration of Viacom and CBS. Here, we continue to make quick progress. In fact, we are increasing our expected 2020 merger-related cost synergies from $250 million to $300 million. And we expect to achieve annualized run rate cost synergies of $800 million, up from our prior $750 million by the end of 2022. And of course, we continue to look for additional opportunity, including based on how we've had to rethink our operations since March. While it's premature to put a number on this, the experience sets the stage for further transformation and cost savings. But the combination of ViacomCBS is not only about value creation through cost savings. It's even more about value creation through revenue generation. I already spoke about the very material progress we've made on the distribution side and how that will lead to further sequential improvement in affiliate revenue this year. Here, the merger thesis is clearly coming to life. Streaming is another area where the power of the ViacomCBS combination is beginning to come to life. And this is critical since streaming is probably the most material value creation opportunity in media today. Building off our momentum in user, subscriber and consumption growth across our streaming platforms, we will capitalize on our positions across free and pay. This includes adding substantial content assets and user experience enhancements, broadening distribution and leaning into marketing to serve consumers with a robust differentiated suite of linked streaming offering. In short, by providing consumers with the broadest video experience, spanning news, sports, entertainment, local and live across free and pay, we will be a global leader in freemium streaming. Let me unpack that a bit. In free, we continue to build on Pluto TV's position as the #1 free streaming TV service in the United States. During the quarter, Pluto saw strong growth and numerous product enhancements. This starts with content, where we continue to add more and more high-quality IP to our market-leading service. In fact, Pluto now has over 100,000 hours of compelling content available on it. As part of that, we gave you nightly South Park airings on Comedy Central Pluto TV, we launched CSI and Star Trek next-generation channels, and we plan to debut more than 40 other CBS shows, including Survivor, Amazing Race, JAG, America's Top Model, MacGyver and more. And of course, we continue to add a broad range of compelling third-party content in both entertainment and sports, including renewals with the NFL and Major League soccer. We also ramped up Pluto TV's distribution across multiple devices and services. I mentioned Verizon's first-of-its-kind deal earlier, but we also had major distribution expansions with TiVo and LG, which, on a combined basis, will shortly bring the Pluto TV service to well over 80 million new devices, setting the stage for the next leg of material growth. And this growth is not just about Pluto. It will also benefit our pay streaming strategy as we progressively build a linked ecosystem of free and pay D2C services that will fulfill fundamental consumer needs around quality, convenience and cost. Here, Pluto will serve as an important complement to and funnel for our pay services. In pay, we've progressed materially in the past few months, including being firmly on track with our CBS All Access transformation. On our last call, I said we'd preview a transformed service this summer. Last week, we did just that, adding the company's flagship brands, Nickelodeon, BET, Comedy Central, MTV, Smithsonian and 3,500 episodes from their libraries, bringing CBS All Access' offering to more than 20,000 episodes. This, in addition to the 150-plus Paramount movies we added roughly 2 months ago. Apart from its vast library, the new service will continue to have compelling live offerings, spanning CBS local affiliates, tentpole events and a critical mass of live sports, from golf to football to basketball, plus exclusive streaming rights for major sports properties, including some of the world's biggest and most popular soccer leagues, adding a massive volume of compelling live sports content at just the right time. And as we get into 2021, expect to see a significant expansion of first-run originals, including originals from all the brands. This will be a truly differentiated streaming product, and we are very excited about the opportunity. And I want to reiterate that we're doing all this in a targeted, capital-efficient way. We already have developed and scaled technology in the form of CBS All Access. We have a robust slate of exclusive originals from which we continue to build. Almost every dollar we invest in linear content across the company will benefit the service with varying windows. We have established distribution points across all major platforms and high user engagement. And we're not starting from zero. Existing customers will benefit from the expanded library, service enhancements and product development, further reducing churn and driving greater value. Outside the U.S., we also see a tremendous runway for growth in both free and pay streaming, and we're moving quickly. Pluto entered selected markets in Europe last year, and in April, entered into 17 Spanish-speaking Latin American markets. In fact, on a global basis, Pluto TV now has 33 million MAUs. Looking ahead, our goal is to expand our channel lineup in Latin America to reach more than 70 channels by the end of the year and to continue expanding our content offering in Germany, Switzerland, Austria and the U.K. We'll also add more distribution platforms to accelerate the expansion. And our geographic expansion will continue, with plans underway to launch new local versions of Pluto TV in a number of additional priority markets, including Brazil and Spain this year and France and Italy in 2021. Importantly, these are all markets where ViacomCBS has strong local operations, including a large pipeline of local language content in place and ready to go. The Pluto TV platform is powerful, and the world is quickly embracing it. And in pay, we're targeting early '21 for the launch of our international streaming service, a super-sized offering of truly compelling content with first-run originals and library from all ViacomCBS brands, including Showtime. We will focus next year's initial rollout on a set of high-value territories where we see an opportunity to become the market leader. These territories include Australia, Latin America and the Nordics. Our streaming strategy is working, and it's really just getting going. As you can see, it's about value creation on a global scale for the short and long term. And I look forward to updating you as we pass key milestones in the coming quarters. Now before I turn it over, I want to thank Chris for her relentless hard work and dedication to CBS and now ViacomCBS. Over the past 23 years, she's been a critical financial operator. And over the past year, she's played an integral role in helping combine and integrate ViacomCBS. On a personal level, I'm so grateful for her dedication, contributions, and I really look forward to watching her future endeavors. From all of management and from the ViacomCBS Board, thank you, Chris. With that, I'll hand it over to provide additional financial detail on the quarter.
Christina Spade: Thank you, Bob, and good morning, everyone. It has been an amazing journey to be with ViacomCBS, and I do believe the best is yet to come for our united company based upon the strong performance momentum taking hold. As you can see in our results for the second quarter, COVID-19 did have an anticipated negative impact to our top line revenue performance. However, in preparing for this downturn in early March, we quickly pivoted to more disciplined expense management for Q2 and 2020 to ensure we maximize our financial performance in light of the lower top line trends. We delivered solid results in the second quarter of 2020. Adjusted OIBDA, adjusted EPS and adjusted free cash flow all improved sequentially for the second quarter in a row, evidence of ViacomCBS' ability to manage through COVID-19 and demonstrating the power of our united company. Today, I will first take you through our second quarter results in more detail. Then I will update you on the actions we have taken to strengthen our liquidity and financial flexibility. And finally, I will provide you with some insights for the remainder of the year. Let's start with our financial performance in the quarter. As a result of COVID-19 and our ongoing restructuring plans, we have made several adjustments to our results. These adjustments include $121 million in programming charges associated with the abandonment of incomplete programs resulting from COVID-related production shutdown and $134 million in restructuring charges related to our synergy initiatives. In light of the ongoing COVID pandemic, we achieved solid results in Q2 2020. Total company revenue was $6.28 billion, down 12% year-over-year. Adjusted OIBDA was $1.69 billion, up 8% year-over-year, and adjusted EPS was $1.25. Adjusted free cash flow was a strong $892 million in the quarter, which excludes $178 million of restructuring and merger-related payments. Looking more closely at our revenue performance in the quarter, affiliate revenue increased 2%, benefiting from strong retrans, reverse comp and subscription streaming revenue growth, which more than offset the decline in cable network affiliate revenue. Cable network affiliate revenue declined 6% in Q2, in line with the decline in Q1 2020. Advertising revenue was down 27% versus a year ago, overwhelmingly affected by COVID-19, which resulted in a significant pullback by advertisers. The comparison to the NCAA championship and Final Four games in the year ago period resulted in a 4-point headwind in the quarter. Domestic streaming and digital video revenue, which includes subscription and digital video advertising revenue, was up 25% versus a year ago to $489 million. Q2 benefited from significant growth in sign-ups and streams on CBS All Access and Showtime OTT and in monthly active users and minutes viewed on Pluto. Domestic streaming subscription revenue was up 52% in the second quarter, accelerating from the rate of growth in the first quarter driven by the continued momentum we are experiencing across all of our streaming products. Turning to content licensing. Revenue was comparable with the prior year. Revenue associated with the licensing of South Park was offset by significant licensing activity in the year ago quarter as well as the timing of deliveries, which have been affected by COVID-related production delays. Theatrical revenue was immaterial in the quarter as most theaters remain closed in the U.S. and internationally. For Publishing, revenue declined 8%. Strong growth in digital book and audio sales was more than offset by declines in print sales. These titles in the quarter included John Bolton's The Room Where It Happened and Stephen King's If It Bleeds. On the expense front, we are highly focused on strategically reducing our costs. We continue to benefit from merger-related cost synergies in the second quarter and are on track to realize $300 million in savings for the full year of 2020 before consideration of onetime costs to achieve them, up from our previous expectation of $250 million. In addition, we are benefiting from COVID-related cost savings, which helped offset the impact of revenue declines and drove adjusted OIBDA growth in the quarter. A portion of these cost savings are timing related and will come back as we return to live sports and production. However, we expect to realize sustainable cost savings as we take learnings from this crisis and find ways to operate more efficiently over the long term. In addition, we now expect to achieve $800 million in annualized merger-related cost synergies by the end of 2022, up from our prior $750 million target as we remain highly disciplined in managing our costs. Overall, we are very pleased with ViacomCBS' results in the second quarter of 2020. Turning to the balance sheet and ViacomCBS' liquidity. In the second quarter, we completed 2 debt transactions totaling $4.5 billion. We used the proceeds to pay down $2.8 billion of our upcoming maturities, including a $340 million redemption that settled on July 10. And we added $1.7 billion to our cash balance, providing us with additional liquidity. These transactions significantly strengthen the financial position of the company, enabling us to effectively weather the current economic uncertainty. We now have no debt maturities until 2022. And in addition to our cash balance, we have our $3.5 billion revolving credit facility, which remains undrawn. As of June 30, 2020, when you take into account the benefit of our full run rate merger-related cost synergies, our debt-to-adjusted OIBDA ratio calculates to 3.3x. On a net basis, taking into consideration our $2.3 billion cash balance as of June 30, our leverage ratio is 2.9x, unchanged from the end of 2019. We remain committed to our 2.75x leverage target, including the benefit of full run rate synergies, and plan to use cash on hand, proceeds from our noncore asset sales as well as excess cash flow after dividend payments to reduce our debt balance in order to achieve our leverage target. I would now like to provide you with some insights on the remainder of the year. Starting with affiliate revenue. As Bob discussed, we had an impressive quarter for distribution, with several new agreements secured, including Verizon, YouTube TV, DISH, Sling TV, Sinclair and Cox. And as Bob mentioned, we now forecast domestic streaming subscribers to reach 18 million by year-end 2020, up from our previous 16 million expectations, which we have achieved ahead of plan. While we expect to be affected by industry pay TV subscriber trends, we will benefit from our recent affiliate deal, increased distribution on YouTube and the strong growth we are experiencing across our subscription streaming platforms. Taken together, we expect the year-over-year rate of change in domestic cable network affiliate revenue and total company affiliate revenue to improve in Q3 and again in Q4. Moving to advertising. We believe Q2 marked the bottom in the year-over-year rate of change in total company advertising revenue and expect to see sequential improvement in the year-over-year rate of change in advertising revenue in Q3 and again in Q4. A few other things to note for the third quarter and adjusted free cash flow in the back half of the year. First, on content licensing revenue. We expect COVID-related production delays will continue to affect content licensing deliveries in the third quarter. Second, on theatrical revenue. We have no movies scheduled to be released in the third quarter as we are saving valuable IP to be released in the theatrical window. That said, we strategically decided to deploy The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge on the Run through the relaunch of our super service in early 2021. And third, on adjusted free cash flow. We had a strong Q2. Our free cash flow benefited from disciplined COVID-related expense management, which will continue to positively impact cash in the balance of the year given the natural lag between expenses and cash. In addition, our free cash flow benefited significantly from the delay in the timing of production. As we get back to production, spend will return, impacting free cash flow in the second half of the year. Looking beyond this year, we are laser-focused on optimizing working capital for ViacomCBS, which will drive improved free cash flow in 2021 and beyond. In closing, the first half results of the united ViacomCBS have many proof points of tremendous momentum that will benefit the company over the long term. Although COVID-19 has affected our short-term revenue trends, we remain focused on ensuring that we optimize our cost structure and investment strategy to maximize revenue growth and financial performance for the long term. On a personal note, it has been a true honor to be a part of the ViacomCBS team during the past 23 years. To Shari, Bob, the Board of Directors and Naveen, I wish you much continued success as you lead this phenomenal company. To me, the company is really all of our talented people. So to the entire ViacomCBS team, I wish you the very best for the future. Lastly, I would like to commend and thank the amazing finance team of ViacomCBS. You are second to none, and I am most proud of all that we have accomplished together. With that, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia Quadrani: My first question -- or my main question is on the advertising. If you could give us a bit more detail about how it progressed through the second quarter with respect to your platforms, really looking from your linear cable networks all the way to AVOD, how it differed, I guess, throughout the second quarter on those platforms. But I think you said June was better, but I'm curious if you have any early thoughts on July, if that improvement continued. And then my follow-up is just on Paramount, just really regarding the shortening window, theatrical windows, and the agreement that we saw between AMC and Universal. Are you looking to reach sort of similar agreements for Paramount?
Robert Bakish: Sure. Alexia, nice to hear your voice. So on advertising, let me reiterate that we believe Q2 is the bottom, and we expect to see continued sequential improvement in the rate of change in Q3 and again in Q4. With that, let me say a couple things to add some additional color. First, our total company advertising, obviously down in the quarter, and that was, as you heard, overwhelmingly and not surprisingly due to COVID. Beyond COVID, there is some lack of comparability to prior year, and that specifically is because we had the NCAA championship and Final Four game in 2019, but Turner would have had that this year. So that's worth about 400 basis points if you're doing math. Second, and really more to your question, the quarter turned out better than we thought early. And that was because we did see sequential improvement in each month of the quarter and simultaneously because scatter pricing held strong, 25%, really greater than that versus the upfront. The softness we did see is very concentrated in terms of categories. But at the same time, we saw some early signs of strength from some others, notably pharma, insurance and financial. And to the other specific question you asked, segments have been impacted differently. So broadcast in the mix is relatively strong. Cable's seen more relative softness. But in the cable side, we did take the opportunity to produce ad loads to improve the experience. Local has also been tough, but things are getting better. In particular, auto's coming back in Q3 as factories have reopened, and we continue to look forward to political being a significant driver in the second half. Digital also was impacted, but high-quality digital remains super strong. In fact, Pluto TV quickly returned to pre-pandemic growth rates and pricing and was very strong in Q2. So we like what we're seeing in terms of green shoots and look to continue to see that momentum. On the Paramount side, let me start by saying that while the studio was obviously unable to release films in the quarter due to COVID, it is an incredible asset to ViacomCBS. It has a powerful collection of IP, which we continue to develop for film, TV and streaming purposes. It's got a massive library, which benefits our networks and more recently, our streaming services. And its library is obviously a critical component of our licensing business. In this COVID time, which is really a time where theaters are shut down, we are focused on protecting asset value and really benefiting from optionality that our company and this environment presents. And that's driven us to do a number of things. First, we do continue to move films later to save them for what we believe will be a healthier environment in '21. You saw us do that most recently with A Quiet Place Part II and Top Gun: Maverick. We've also monetized some films, yes, with streamers, which allows us to get a return on our investment now. But importantly, it allows us to avoid putting even more product into a '21 that's starting to look pretty full. You saw that with Lovebirds as an example. We also decided to use a film franchise strategically, and that's deploying SpongeBob: Sponge on the Run exclusively in the U.S. against our super service relaunch in early '21 after a short PVOD window. And then to your questions about PVOD, we really are in sort of a COVID rules phase of the business right now, where studios, including Paramount, are doing some things they wouldn't normally do because theaters are closed. Know we remain committed to theatrical and believe a lot of this reverts once the world normalizes. But we do believe the actual windows will probably shorten, and some of these new monetization paths, including both strategic ones and others, probably will become more confident. But as I look at the whole thing, it continues to make me highly confident that despite COVID, Paramount is incredibly valuable to us, both strategically and financially.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Morris with Guggenheim Securities.
Michael Morris: I have one on streaming and then one on margins and costs. First, on streaming, streaming TV, connected TV, advertising clearly have strong secular growth. You're investing into it with All Access and Pluto. But it's also a pretty complicated and fragmented market for advertisers. So Bob, I'd love to hear your thoughts on how you see that developing, how products like EyeQ gives CBS an advantage -- ViacomCBS an advantage and why advertisers are spending with you rather than, say, a platform like an Amazon Fire or Roku TV. And then second, just on costs. There's a number of puts and takes as we look forward with the synergies and timing. But as you go through this transition and invest in this transition to streaming, can you talk about how we should think about margins for the business maybe into the sort of like launch period, and then over the longer term, if this is margin-expanding initiative?
Robert Bakish: Yes. Sure, Michael. Thanks. So look, I couldn't be happier that we acquired Pluto TV last year. When we announced that acquisition, the market was confused. Most people didn't know what it was. Since then, AVOD, or now what people call FAST, has been accepted as a legitimate and important part of the streaming ecosystem, and others have followed us. But we haven't let up, not even close, like we leaned into its content, into enhancing the platform, into expanding distribution, into building the brand and into monetizing its ad inventory and most recently, global expansion. And as a result, we've grown Pluto TV dramatically and arguably extended our leadership position. The reality is no other U.S. FAST asset can touch the combination of Pluto's 100,000-plus hours of high-quality content, which we built through a combination of assets we own and these innovative revenue share-based models that we use with third parties. It's on over 30 devices and platforms. You name it. If it's significant, Pluto's there. We're rapidly expanding the distribution. We talked about these 80 million devices that are coming through new partnerships with Verizon, TiVo and LG not only adds to the expansive base we're already building through Amazon, Roku, Comcast, Viveo and more. And many of those have preferred placement and/or built-in carriage. And by the way, we got more deals coming in the pipeline, which is going to take these numbers up higher. Importantly, we're -- to the ad question, we're rapidly monetizing it. Pluto TV benefits both from programmatic flow and from direct ViacomCBS ad relationships. As a result, that business has grown dramatically. And as I said, it's bounced back to pre-COVID growth levels already. And now we're building an integrated ecosystem where Pluto's platform will feed our pay offerings. Now to your question on EyeQ, it's worth noting that Pluto TV is really a cornerstone of EyeQ, which, for those of you that missed it, we announced this week. EyeQ is a new ad platform, which will reach premium viewing audiences across the ViacomCBS portfolio. And here, we're talking about over 50 million monthly full episode users. So super high-quality advertising base. And by the way, to your question on why buy from us versus other people, you will only be able to buy that product direct from ViacomCBS. So we're -- in addition to being a broader solution provider, which, of course, we are, in this video space, we've really taken the next step in providing turnkey access to high-quality product to solve advertisers' problems. And that's just another example of the power of ViacomCBS in the ad marketplace. On the cost side, I think your costs were largely, if not fully, related to the impact of streaming and scaling that service. So on investment, I guess, a couple of points. One is we have very significant amount of content that we've already invested in across the company that we can deploy against the asset, and you saw us do that -- some last week in the preview launch. Second thing I'd say is we understand the math of content investment. On CBS All Access alone, we have 5 years of LTV data, which we use to drive content decision-making, what we commission, what we renew, et cetera. And third, we're obviously leveraging live events and sports, which we already have that are a real driver of subscribers and usage of service in our experience. Now as the original slate grows over time and gets comprehensive across the full suite of brands, there will be some increase in cash content investment. However, we do intend to fund that as the mix shift from lower-growth areas. And remember, we're also going to be benefiting from a larger subscriber base, which will generate even more revenue and help fund it. Lastly, I'd say we are going to market this in 2021 as part of a relaunch. But again, here, we'll significantly benefit from the power of our existing media assets and the appeal of our IP, including in social. So again, this is -- it's going to be ultimately additive to our financials, and we'll track through.
Christina Spade: It's Chris. The other thing I'll add about the cost management is we're 2 quarters into the combined ViacomCBS, which is a powerhouse to manage all the costs across the company. So we're highly focused on strategically managing them all, and we will continue to prioritize investment in streaming and studio production. And given that we're now combined and we have a lot more experience understanding what's under every rock of cost, cost savings will continue and we will find more.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne: Bob and Chris, I know it's too early to sort of hone in on 2021 free cash flow. But I'm wondering if you could just help us think about cash content spend this year. And any help in thinking about what it's going to mean to sort of resume production as the COVID restrictions lift, hopefully, and things return back to normal heading into next year? Just anything you can do to help us think about cash content spend this year and into next year. And then I wanted to ask you, as you think about the super service and evolving All Access, sports is obviously something that is a huge driver of consumption and pricing power. I think you guys have a unique opportunity already in how you use sports and All Access, but that's something you're certainly leaning into. Can you just talk about your sports strategy on All Access and how you think about leveraging sports content on streaming versus linear and sort of the trade-offs of that strategic decision?
Robert Bakish: Yes. Sure. So you're right, it's too early to provide 2021 guidance, and we're not going to do that. But I will say with respect to your question on return to production, which obviously is critical, particularly when you get to a cash basis, you saw our very strong cash flow delivery in Q2, close to $900 million on an adjusted basis. Certainly, that number benefited from working capital implications of our sort of production, I'd say, radical decline. It's not totally shut down but certainly radically declined. And you should expect that as we move forward in Q3 but more likely Q4 at scale, that, that working cap benefit begins to go the other way a bit. And just to give you a little more color on the return to production because I think it's a topic everyone is interested in, we are currently executing a multifaceted return to production. Obviously, we're focused on health and safety of all involved in front of and behind the screen. And we have a real commitment to evolving approaches, locations, even story lines, to deliver that fresh product to customer and, ultimately, the consumer needs on a timely basis. And as we do that, by the way, we are finding some ways that we can operate less expensively. We've learned a lot through this COVID phase from the productions that are on. And we're rolling that through -- whether it's entertainment or sports, and we're rolling that through. We are dealing with all this through a centrally managed process so we can ensure application of best practices, mitigate risk, and we have the whole portfolio going through it. That has led us to having a whole bunch of fresh content on or coming to air shortly, unscripted, like Big Brother, which is on air now. We're shooting Love Island in a hotel in Vegas where the cast and crew are actually quarantined together. That will air later this month. Daytime soaps are back in production. In late night, Colbert and Corden are scheduled to return to their buildings next week, albeit without audiences. Animation production continues to move forward. And by the way, I don't know how many of you saw it, but we made a series of announcements that were picked up last week about our path in adult animation. And that's really a building area of activity for us that I'm super excited about. On the scripted side, we have a whole set of things in motion. We do have scripts on all series. We are putting shows through the restart process I mentioned. Our third-party production studios are also beginning to move forward. And we got a range of contingency plans in place, which include additional unscripted library movies and some other things. So a lot of options here as we work to serve consumers and customers. To the cash flow point in particular, I think you should expect Q3, there's more production spend. In Q4, it builds there. And then we'll transition into 2021.
Christina Spade: I would also add to that, that conceptually, we do still believe for now and the long term, the key drivers of free cash flow improvement are cost optimization, working capital efficiency and our continued focus on further revenue monetization.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brett Feldman with Goldman Sachs.
Brett Feldman: So during your prepared remarks, you talked about plans to release originals on the new All Access, enhanced All Access product, spanning all of your key brands. I was hoping you could just elaborate, give us a little more insight into what that output is going to look like over maybe the next 12 or 24 months, particularly as your ability to resume full production comes back. And then just on the same content side of things, when we look at your TV library and All Access, it stacks up incredibly well versus other streaming products. You tend to be a little more focused with your film portfolio. So I was hoping you can maybe just discuss the importance of movies to the enhanced product and whether there's an opportunity to be a little more differentiated there, particularly in light of the fact that you own a movie studio.
Robert Bakish: Yes. Thanks, Brett. Let me take that from the angle of the overall -- where we're going with the overall super service, and I'll deal with each of your questions within that. So our guiding objective for a super service is to have a broad differentiated product at a compelling price point. And to get a real sense of that, take a good look at the preview launch we did last week where we materially broadened CBS All Access. The entertainment offering is now far wider. We added 3,500 episodes from 70 series from our flagship brands. It unquestionably widens the demographic appeal because we now have a real offering for kids, young adults, millennials and more. And look at the sports offering, now including UEFA. In fact, if you look at the collection of football, basketball, golf, soccer and more on the platform, we really are the first that have taken sports over the top in a meaningful way. And we believe there's real appeal here as part of a broad streaming service. We obviously have events like the GRAMMYs, the Tony's, the Super Bowl. There's news, which is something people need these days, or maybe not, I don't know. And then there are originals, to your other part of your question. Today, All Access has a baseline of compelling originals, shows like Star Trek: Picard, Discovery and now Lower Decks, which is animated, The Good Fight, Twilight Zone and The Stand. Starting in '21, that slate will greatly expand to include all flagship brands. And as an indicator, really a taste, we announced last week that Kamp Koral, which is a SpongeBob spin-off, will join the super service as the first Nickelodeon original. And that will be on the back of the exclusive availability of the latest SpongeBob film, Sponge on the Run. So that's the kind of way we're using franchises. We have an original plan that goes through '22 quarterly. And I'm super excited about it, and you're going to hear more about that at another time. But that gives you a sense. The originals are going to be important, and they're going to be defining as well as the sports.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Greenfield with LightShed Partners.
Richard Greenfield: When you -- it was reported the other day that you and the team from CBS Sports were up in New England meeting with the NFL to talk about the next round of media rights. I think sort of everyone has talked about, not just on your call but on multiple calls, sort of the importance of the NFL specifically. And if the AAV of the contract moves from sort of around 1 billion upwards towards 2 billion a year, your subscribers -- and this is not a Viacom issue, this is an industry issue, subscribers will have dropped from mid-90s into somewhere probably in the 60s by the time you get to the next contract. How do you think about the return on investment of the NFL? Like how does anyone essentially stay in the NFL business as subs are falling with the cost of the content going up so much? Like just how do you frame it? Or how do you think about it? Maybe how does CBS All Access or the new super service fit into the equation?
Robert Bakish: Yes. Rich, sure. So I'm not going to get into commenting specifically on press speculation, but what I will say is we value the NFL and the partnership. We're long-standing partners, and that relationship has been a mutually beneficial one. And as ViacomCBS, we're even better positioned to drive value for the league and for ourselves. And to that end, it's important that you understand, as ViacomCBS, we have many monetization vectors for the NFL rights. Obviously, affiliate revenue, advertising, to your point, streaming, and that's both subscription streaming and ad-supported streaming, and potentially international revenue. So there's a lot of ways we can go here. And I am very confident that the partnership will continue to deliver value for both sides as it has for decades.
Operator: Our final question this morning comes from the line of Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson.
Michael Nathanson: I'll keep it easy, Bob. I want to ask you about international, the pay services coming in 2021. Can you talk a little bit about how you're thinking about maybe the pricing points, whether or not it will be an AVOD, SVOD hybrid like All Access? And will there be any like foregoing content licensing to launch this business in these markets? So just give us -- I know it's early, but any kind of piece you can about how you're thinking about the structure of these new services.
Robert Bakish: Yes. Sure, Michael. So streaming is clearly a global opportunity. And for ViacomCBS, we believe, obviously, as part of that, there's substantial international opportunity. We believe that's true both in free and pay. You look at our global operating footprint, which includes our linear reach, the content we own, including local content, on-the-ground resources and relationships, we really see that as a powerful go-to-market advantage and feel we're well positioned to succeed. You look at where we are today on the free side, we're already in Europe and Latin America, Spanish-speaking Latin America with Pluto. We've seen very strong growth to date, particularly in Latin America, which we've only been there a couple of months. We do have almost 7 million international MAUs, 33 million global. And we got -- we're just getting going there. We got plans to enhance our product, expanding our channel lineup. We're adding a bunch of distribution partners. We will enter Brazil and Spain later this year, France and Italy in early '21. So there's real growth ahead. And obviously, we're thinking about other things from Pluto as well. On the pay side, we're targeting early '21 for the launch of our international streaming service. The exact product details and pricing, which we haven't announced, will vary by individual markets. But broadly speaking, the new service will feature exclusive first-run premier. So we're going to get those from the slate we're using with CBS All Access in the U.S., from Showtime and from Viacom International Studios. And alongside that, we'll use Paramount movies, box sets from CBS and Viacom media networks. If you want to just compare it at a high level to what we're doing in the U.S., it will be a much more entertainment-focused product. It doesn't really have a sports -- a material sports lane to it. And it will have an output deal from Showtime because we don't operate Showtime networks outside the United States. We will be rolling it in multiple markets next year, including Australia, Latin America and the Nordics. You'll probably see some press about that. But we're really excited about the opportunity. And again, this is another place where the power of ViacomCBS is really going to show through, the power of the combination of content, the power of the international footprint we have that's really differentiated from others. So look, thanks, everyone, for making time in this COVID day coming to us probably from your home. I'd sum it up to say despite the COVID-19 headwinds, we did deliver another solid quarter, reaffirming the strength and optionality of our combined operations. We're executing against key objectives and pushing ViacomCBS to emerge stronger. As you see, the key earnings and cash flow metrics improved sequentially as we continue to make progress on our integration, and we are now nicely ahead of our run rate and 2020 merger-related cost synergies that we committed to. Our deal-making and execution is underscoring the benefits of our increased scale. And that, obviously, you see in the significant distribution agreements we struck with Verizon, YouTube and others. And importantly, we're ahead of schedule in building our streaming business. Pluto TV is really cranking, and we're progressively moving towards the relaunch of our diversified super service early next year. And by the way, we just debuted our latest original Star Trek: Lower Decks on CBS All Access. It's a great piece of adult animation. I hope you all go and check it out. And lastly, to the employees of ViacomCBS, I want to thank you for your amazing passion, dedication and tenacity at this challenging point in time. You're all making a difference helping drive our company forward. So thanks again for your time today and stay well.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks, everyone, for joining us. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-07 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the ViacomCBS First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Todays call is being recorded. At this time, Id like to turn the call over to Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Anthony DiClemente. Please go ahead, sir.
Anthony DiClemente: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking the time to join us for our first quarter 2020 earnings call. Joining me for todays discussion are Bob Bakish, our President and CEO; and Chris Spade, our CFO. Please note that in addition to our earnings release, we have trending schedules containing supplemental information available on our website. Also on our website, we have a slide presentation for you to follow along with our remarks. I want to refer you to the second slide in the presentation and remind you that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in more detail in our filings with the SEC. Todays remarks will focus on adjusted results. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information discussed on this call can be found on our earnings release or on our website. Now I will turn the call over to Bob.
Robert Bakish: Good morning. And thank you for joining us. Before we begin, I want to acknowledge the extraordinary time were in. Our thoughts are with all who are affected worldwide and especially those who have lost loved ones. To the heroes on the front line of first response in health care and to all the essential workers, we owe you a debt of thanks. I also want to thank ViacomCBS employees around the world for their adaptive creativity and continued focus on serving our audiences, commercial partners and shareholders amid these unprecedented times. Let me now dive into our first quarter earnings call. Today, there are three headlines. First, ViacomCBS delivered a solid quarter with clear operating momentum and sequential improvement on key financial metrics. Second, were proactively managing through the COVID-19 crisis, supporting our employees and communities, while strengthening our financial flexibility, reducing costs and ensuring business continuity. And third, we remain consistently focused on value creation and are acting swiftly to execute against cost and revenue opportunities that will create both immediate and lasting benefits. Ill start with Q1 2020, our first full quarter as a combined company, one where we made significant progress unlocking the value of our must-watch content across multiple platforms globally and at scale. We integrated commercial teams to provide partners the strength of our combined asset base. We made progress capturing the run rate merger-related cost synergies we committed to, and we saw strong momentum in streaming, momentum we will build on. Examples of our progress include key operating wins. Among them, the continued strength of our domestic media networks, which held the highest share of TV viewing in all key audience demos. This leadership starts with broadcast. CBS will finish the season as Americas most watched network for the 12th straight year. CBS was number one in all key day parts in the quarter, with five of the six top comedies, the top two dramas, the number one news program and the number one late night show, plus five of the top six freshman series. In sports, the 2019 season of the NFL on CBS delivered a largest audience in three years. We also maintained our leadership as the number one rated cable portfolio in total day, owning nearly half of the top 30 original series in the key 18 to 34 demographic and nine of the top 10 kids series, thanks to Nickelodeon. Of note, Comedy Central marked its 12th straight quarter of year-over-year share growth, driven by the number one late-night talk show with Millennials. And Showtime scored the top two scripted shows on premium cable, including the number one comedy and the number one drama. Internationally, we continue to build on a global footprint that includes 192 million broadcast homes, the largest in the world. Our broadcast cornerstones Network 10 in Australia and Telefe in Argentina have each produced strong year-over-year share gains. This was also our strongest streaming quarter ever, a milestone that was on track even before the COVID-19 crisis, putting us well on our way to meet the subscriber and user targets we laid out last quarter. Pluto TV continues to lead the US in free streaming TV as the platform delivered its best quarter ever. Pluto domestic monthly active users grew 55% year-over-year to more than 24 million as of quarter end, with even stronger gains in total consumption. On top of that, our domestic pay streaming offerings grew robustly, with subscribers totaling 13.5 million at the end of the quarter, an increase of 50% year-over-year driven by original hit programming from CBS All Access and Showtime OTT. Both services broke their own records for sign-ups, streams and time watched in the quarter. Overall, this growth in both pay and free drove a strong increase in domestic streaming and digital revenue in the quarter, which was up more than 50% versus the year ago. And the appeal of our streaming and digital offerings has been made even more clear over the last six weeks, where weve seen a strong acceleration in momentum across both free and pay as audiences follow stay-at-home guidelines. We also demonstrated the strength of the ViacomCBS portfolio by striking new agreements with our partners in the quarter and in the weeks since. For example, CBS reached a deal with the NFL to broadcast one additional wildcard game in 2021 as part of the NFLs playoff expansion with a live stream on CBS All Access and a separately produced telecast on Nickelodeon tailored for younger audience. This is a perfect example of how our how our partners are using our combined asset base to grow the footprint and reach a diverse audience. Weve also made important strides in domestic distribution, where we struck significant carriage agreements. Earlier this year, we announced that Comcast would become the first MBBD to launch CBS All Access. Im pleased to share that we actually began rolling out on their Xfinity platform today. And in March, we reached multiyear CBS renewals with two of our largest affiliates, Nextstar and Meredith. In April, we closed our first true combined company affiliate deal with Verizon. This, despite the fact that Viacom and CBS deals were not coterminous going deals. This agreement marks a truly comprehensive multi-platform partnership spanning pay TV, connected TV and mobile, and it will drive a tremendous expansion of Plutos distribution footprint. And today, were announcing a new deal with YouTube TV. This deal not only renewed CBS and Showtime early, but will shortly bring Viacoms Cable Networks to the high-growth YouTube TV platform. To state the obvious, this fills in a key white space for our Cable Networks distribution and is Cable Networks distribution and is a clear proof point for the ViacomCBS combination. Meanwhile, in film, Paramount scored a bonafide hit with Sonic the Hedgehog, which means we have a new franchise to build on. Worldwide, the film earned more than $300 million at the box office and was made available for digital on demand March 31, setting Paramounts record for first-day digital sales and became the studios all-time record holder in less than three weeks. The title has title has now sold nearly 2 million EFT units worldwide and its also exceeding expectations on VOD. These operational highlights and more drove key financial wins in the quarter. Chris will cover our results in detail in a moment, but I do want to highlight a few items. On the revenue side, excluding the impact of the Super Bowl and the cancellation of the NCAA Tournament, advertising grew 2% year-over-year. Affiliate revenue also increased year-over-year. And we improved the rate of change in domestic Cable Networks affiliate revenue by 270 basis points sequentially. In addition, ViacomCBS delivered sequential improvement across all key earnings and cash flow-related metrics, including operating income, adjusted OIBDA, reported and adjusted diluted earnings per share and adjusted free cash flow, which is back to a material positive of almost $0.5 billion, again indicating the progress we made in our first full quarter and demonstrating our commitment to strengthening our financial position and creating shareholder value. Just as the quarter was ending, we were, of course, faced with the COVID-19 crisis. I want to spend a few minutes sharing with you how we are proactively managing through this. As COVID spread to the U.S., we quickly moved to ensure we have the financial flexibility and balance sheet strength to weather a sustained crisis. To that end, we issued $2.5 billion of bonds in April. Add in our strong cash flow in the quarter and our undrawn committed $3.5 billion revolver, and it means we are in excellent shape from a liquidity perspective. We have also taken a series of significant cost-reduction measures to mitigate COVID-related revenue impacts for the year. At the same time, we ramped up our focus on business continuity, including significantly adjusting operations around the three most affected areas: production, ad sales and film. Like most media companies, we have seen an almost total shutdown in production, but we are managing through employing alternate virtual models in some cases and leveraging current and library products from across the company and others. Because of this, we continue to have captivating content on air, and there will be substantial near-term cash flow savings. As we look to the balance of the year on the production side, we expect little impact to our on-air product, particularly given the stability of our schedules assuming we can get back in production, albeit with modifications by mid-summer. In ad sales, weve seen advertisers in significantly affected categories temporarily pull back spend. But we are working closely with our clients to mitigate the impact. At this point, we know there will be a significant impact on ad sales in Q2. But based on what were seeing today, we will - we believe there will be an improvement in advertising in the third and fourth quarters, assuming businesses begin to reopen at scale. In terms of the upfront, we expect it to be later and longer than normal, but were ready whenever our clients are, and deals will get done. In fact, we invited more than 5,000 agency and marketing executives to our virtual presentation on May 18 and 19. Regarding film, we have shifted our slate later into 20 and 21 to preserve its value. We also sold The Lovebirds to Netflix, where we saw an attractive monetization opportunity in the early COVID environment. And while our film business will, of course, be dependent on theaters reopening in major markets, from a cash perspective, the delay in revenues is substantially offset by the COVID-driven production shutdown. Finally, I want to highlight the support we are providing for our employees, audiences and communities amidst this pandemic. A key priority is the health and well-being of our employees and their families. In March, we moved the vast majority of our employee base to work from home, something that has worked incredibly well with very limited exceptions for critical operations and facility staff, who continue to work on-site under strict safety protocols. Weve also committed $100 million for relief for non-staff employees and freelancers, whose livelihoods have been especially affected by the pause in our production. And Im proud of how ViacomCBS has come together to deploy our platforms for COVID-19, consumer education and relief from our enormously successful PFA convenience like #AloneTogether to the specials weve aired to help raise money for the cause. All of this to say, Im enormously grateful to all our employees for their initiative, creativity and courage at this time and adapting and thriving under the toughest of circumstances to ensure we can continue to entertain and inform audiences everywhere. It goes without saying that we are all looking forward to getting on the other side of this crisis. But through it all, we are focused on creating value by executing our strategy and looking to continued cost and revenue opportunities that will create both immediate and lasting benefit. This starts with what we see as an even larger cost opportunity for the company. In addition to one-time COVID-related cost reductions I mentioned earlier, we remain on track with earlier, we remain on track with our committed annualized run rate synergy targets of $750 million over the next three years. In fact, we now see a greater opportunity to create sustained financial benefit on top of the $750 million, informed by how weve had to rethink our operations over the past six weeks. We have proven we can do more with less and can operate without being physically co-located. As a result, we are now exploring opportunities to further consolidate facilities, migrate more activities to lower cost locations and increase sharing of capabilities, all to further leverage our scale. Beyond cost, we are unlocking revenue opportunities across the combining company. In distribution, weve only scratched the surface of what ViacomCBS can do on an integrated basis to unlock additional opportunities with both traditional and new distributors. On the advertising front, the combination of our number one linear position and our high-growth advanced ad solutions, all delivered through an efficient single point of customer contact, means we are extremely well positioned for the rebound associated with the return to business. Importantly, we overwhelmingly serve national advertisers, a segment that should rebound first. In sports, we will benefit from the enormous pent-up viewer demand, starting with the return of golf as a PGA Tour plans to resume its schedule in June. And at Paramount, we will be ready with a set of amazing films, including A Quiet Place Part II, Spongebob: Sponge on the Run and Top Gun: Maverick that will be big hits once theyre released. Finally, there is no question the crisis has proven the power of streaming, and we are moving quickly to seize this significant revenue opportunity. We know fundamental consumer needs around quality, convenience and cost are driving changes in how they consume content, and were focused on addressing all three needs. Building off our momentum in user, subscriber and consumption growth across our platforms, we will capitalize on our positions across free and pay, adding substantial content adding substantial content assets and user experience enhancements supported by marketing to serve consumers with a robust, differentiated suite of link streaming offering. We will continue to build on Pluto TVs number one position in free streaming. Pluto TV is a great platform for consumers who want a free high-quality TV experience, whether on a smart TV or a mobile device. In March, we rolled out Plutos most significant product upgrade ever, delivering new features and design changes that further enhance the platforms ease of use. And with the continued addition of new content partners, it offers consumers a superior experience relative to the other free services in are entering the marketplace. And we are expanding Plutos reach, both in US and internationally, including through important deals with not only Verizon but also with Xbox and Roku. Pluto now has a growing presence in the UK, Germany, Austria and Switzerland, as well as in Latin America, where Plutos April launch brought over 12,000 hours of content to 17 countries. And over the next the next 12 months, we expect to roll out Pluto in Brazil, Spain, France and Italy. The Pluto TV platform is powerful, and the world is quickly embracing it. But you shouldnt just think of it as a stand-alone service. It is also a key to our integrated streaming strategy, where it will serve as an important complement to and funnel for our pay services. In June, we will introduce click-through ad units on Pluto, embedded in relevant content to allow users to subscribe to CBS All Access. As time goes on, this integration will continue to evolve as we create an owned and operated streaming ecosystem with a massive free point of entry combined with upsell pay option. And speaking of pay, we are accelerating our plans for an expanded, building off our CBS All Access platform with major changes coming this summer as we track towards the re-brand and re-launch of a transformed product. We believe audiences want their entertainment on demand and their news, sports and events live. And through our expanded offering, we will be the service that gives them what they want, how they want it, all in one all in one place and at a great value. This will be a compelling foundational service for some consumers and a differentiated complement to what some other consumers already have. On the entertainment side, we start with what All Access has today: CBS network programming, a very deep CBS on-demand library and an expanding slate of originals, add to that content from Nickelodeon, Comedy Central, Missoni, MTV, BET and Paramount. This starts with over 100 Paramount films launched this week on the platform as well as thousands of additional hours across TV and film arriving in current and coming months. And we will build on this incredible base of content, a catalog multiple times larger than many of the new SVOD entrants by expanding our original slate across the portfolio. This will bring first window content from each of our brands to this platform. Our biggest franchises will be key to this strategy as well our broad programming strength across genres, from animation to SYFY, Comedy, reality, kids, crime procedurals and more, add to that, national and local news from over 200 CBS affiliates, available both live and on-demand and a critical mass of live sports, including CBS network delivered NFL NTAA TGA and more plus exclusive streaming rights to major properties women softer [ph] and UA Plus. And were doing all of this in a targeted, capital-efficient way. First, we are working from an already developed tech platform in CBS All Access. We are not building from scratch. Second, almost every dollar we invest in linear content across the company will benefit the service with varying windows. Third, our original strategy is designed to leverage our massive library of IP, fueling growth through a consistent and growing cadence of tent-pole series. Our experience makes clear that we can acquire new customers in a disciplined and economically efficient way while reducing churn and driving customer retention with a deep volume of entertainment, news and sports. Fourth, our distribution strategy benefits from existing, growing relationships. Across our pay and free products, we already have distribution deals with the likes of Comcast, AT&T and Verizon, as well as with Amazon, Roku and other tech players. And we are in ongoing discussions with a broad range of partners to expand our streaming footprint in the coming months. And fifth and finally, we will leverage our ability to cross-promote at scale, where we will benefit from our number one TV share in every demo, as well as our strong digital reach enabling ViacomCBS to promote to and draw customers into our offering in an impactful and cost effective way. And going back to where I started, the promotional platform includes Pluto TV, a fast growth, broad reach gateway to the ViacomCBS streaming world. In addition to our domestic strategy, I should add that internationally, we will launch a broad pay streaming product in multiple markets over the next 12 months. This service will harness the full power of the of the ViacomCBS portfolio, creating a meaningful brand presence in streaming video in key markets around the world. So in sum, we are full speed ahead on streaming, seeing strong demand for our services today, with a strategy to achieve accelerated growth domestically and internationally in the months and years to come. For all those reasons and more, were extremely excited about the future of ViacomCBS. We are unlocking the very substantial value of this extraordinary company, and the best is yet to come. With that, Ill turn it over to Chris.
Christina Spade: Thank you, Bob. And good morning, everyone. I would first like to say that our hearts go out to everyone who has been impacted by this pandemic. I want to acknowledge and thank the employees at ViacomCBS for their extreme care for well-being and resilience in this unprecedented time. I am proud to be a part of the tremendous team work currently taking place across our company, our industry and our communities. Specific to ViacomCBS, we are faced with a much different financial environment for this earnings call than just a quarter ago when we closed year end 2019. We did realize solid results in Q1 2020, our first full quarter as a united company. Then at the end of the quarter, we pivoted to manage the risk from COVID-19, while continuing to focus on unlocking the value of ViacomCBS. Today, I will first take you through the actions taken to strengthen our liquidity and financial flexibility. Then I will walk you through our first quarter 2020 results, which demonstrate early evidence of the power of ViacomCBS. And finally, I will provide you with some insights into what we are seeing today coming from COVID-19 effects and the actions we are taking to mitigate them. We are proactively managing through this crisis with the security of increased liquidity, while aggressively controlling our costs and preserving cash. At the same time, we are accelerating the momentum we are seeing in our streaming businesses to position ViacomCBS well for the future. Lets start with ViacomCBS liquidity and balance sheet. Early on, we prioritized taking the necessary steps to ensure we have sufficient liquidity and financial flexibility to manage through this crisis. On April 1, we accessed the credit market and issued $2.5 billion of debt. Using the proceeds from this bond issuance on May 4, we redeemed all of our $300 million of notes that were due in due in February 2021. And on May 18, we will redeem all of our $500 million of notes that our $500 million of notes that in March 2021. The remaining $1.7 billion in proceeds from the bond issuance bolsters our liquidity in order to impact of help us weather the impact of COVID-19 on our businesses. We also continue to have access to a $3.5 billion revolver, which remains undrawn and provides us with even more financial flexibility. As of March 31, 2020, when you take into account the $750 million of full run rate merger-related cost synergies, our debt-to-adjusted OIBDA ratio calculates to 3.1 times. We remain committed to maintaining our investment-grade rating and reaching our target leverage of 2.75 times, including the benefit of full run rate synergies. We plan to use excess cash flow, after dividend payments, to delever the balance sheet until we reach that leverage ratio. We will not repurchase any of our shares until we complete our planned non-core asset sale. Let me update you on our two non-core asset sales. Our previously announced sale of Black Rock is temporarily hold until we can allow potential buyers to continue to tour the building. We are also in the process of preparing for a sale of Simon & Schuster so that the asset is ready for divestiture when the market stabilizes. We are encouraged by the significant interest we have seen for both of these assets and look forward to proceeding as market conditions allow. Now, turning to our financial performance. We achieved solid results for our first full quarter as a united company. Total company revenue was $6.67 billion, adjusted OIBDA was $1.26 billion, and adjusted OIBDA was $1.26 billion and adjusted diluted earnings per share, was a $1.13. The comparison to last year for all three metrics was affected by the broadcast of the Super Bowl the NCAA mens basketball tournament in Q1 2019. Adjusted free cash flow of $478 million, which excludes $173 million of restructuring and merger-related payments, was a material improvement from Q4 2019 and a strong start to the year. Looking more closely at our revenue performance in the quarter, total company advertising was down 19% versus a year ago. However, advertising was up 2% after adjusting for a 21 point headwind, resulting from comparisons to the Super Bowl and the COVID-related cancellation of the NCAA Tournament, which were in the year-ago period. Advertising growth was also impacted by a 100 basis point headwind from FX. The ad market was robust throughout the majority of the first quarter, with strength in prime time, news, political and cable, as well as the benefit of historically high scatter pricing. We also saw continued strength in digital advertising across our ad-based streaming platforms. Affiliate revenue increased 1%, benefiting from strong retrans, reverse comp and subscription streaming revenue, which more than offset declines in cable network affiliate revenue and a 100 basis point headwind from FX. Importantly, the year-over-year change in Cable Network affiliate revenue in Q1 improved sequentially from Q4, with the domestic Cable Network affiliate rate of decline improving 270 basis points. Domestic streaming and digital video revenue, which includes subscription revenue and digital video and digital video advertising, was up an impressive 51% million versus a year ago to $471 million. We reached new records in Q1 in sign-ups and streams on CBS All Access and Showtime OTT and in monthly active user growth in minutes viewed on Pluto. Turning to content licensing, revenue grew 9% driven by growth in original studio production for third party. Paramount Television Studios, CBS Television Studios and Cable Network Studios all benefited from strong deliveries during the quarter. Theatrical revenue was down 3% as strong results from Sonic the Hedgehog were more than offset by prior quarter revenues, which included carryover performance from Bumblebee. Theatrical revenue would have been higher had we released The Quiet Place Part II as scheduled on March 18. For publishing, revenue increased 4% and reflecting growth from digital book and audio sales. Key titles in the quarter included Stephen Kings If It Bleeds and The Outsider and Cassandra Clares Chain of Gold. On the expense front, we benefited from merger-related cost synergies in the first quarter and are on track to realize $250 million in savings for the full year of 2020 before consideration of onetime cost to achieve them. Overall, we are pleased with the strong start for ViacomCBS results in the first quarter of 2020. I would now like to give you some insight to the impact COVID-19 is having on our business. I will update you on what we are currently seeing in each of our revenue streams and explain the cost actions we have taken to partly offset the revenue headwinds. Based on our current assessment of the near-term impacts of COVID-19 on our businesses and assuming the US economy begins to reopen early in the second half of 2020, we anticipate the second quarter will be the most significantly affected. Starting with advertising. While we are seeing material increases in ratings and engagement across all of our platforms, linear and digital alike, the COVID-19 shutdown is currently resulting in significantly lower ad demand in Q2 of 2020. The reduction in demand in the marketplace is being driven by macro uncertainty and temporary business closures, as well as the postponement and cancellation of sporting events. Importantly, we continue to expect to benefit from political advertising later in 2020. Moving to affiliate revenue. As Bob discussed, we have had a productive quarter with several new distribution deals signed. While we expect some, we expect some acceleration in linear subscriber declines in the near term, we will benefit from our recent affiliate deals and from the materially higher sign-ups and engagement we are experiencing across all of our streaming platforms. We expect domestic streaming subscribers to reach at least 16 million and domestic monthly active on Pluto to reach at least 30 million by the end of 2020. In Q2, content licensing revenue in the cable segment will benefit from our South Park deal. However, the timing of deliveries and significant activity in the year-ago quarter in the TV entertainment segment will be a substantial offset. In regard to theatrical revenue, we had one significant film that was scheduled to be released at the end of Q1 2020, A Quiet Place Part II, which is now scheduled for September 4. Our two largest films that were scheduled to release in the second quarter have also been rescheduled. The SpongeBob movie, Sponge on the Run has been moved from May 22 to August 7, and Top Gun: Maverick has been moved from June 26 to December 23. We do not expect to release any new movies in the second quarter or until theaters reopen broadly. And well adjust release dates, if necessary to maximize returns on our film content investments. In light of the impact of this crisis, we are highly focused on reducing our costs and preserving cash. The cost reductions fall into three areas. First, timing-related expense reductions from the lack of distribution or events. For example, this includes the absence of sports rights amortization for sports that have been cancelled. The elimination of the production costs associated with the current production shut down and delay in P&A for films not released. Secondly, we continue to make progress against the $750 million in annualized run rate cost synergies, we identified as a result of our merger, including $250 million, which will be realized in 2020. And third, we are taking additional cost-cutting actions and implementing initiatives to reduce discretionary expenses. We are learning from this crisis and finding ways that we can operate more efficiently. We see significant opportunities to realize sustainable financial benefits over the long-term. In summary, we believe the steps we are taking, bolstering our liquidity, strengthening our commercial partnerships and streaming scale, all while aggressively managing our cost base will enable us to weather the financial effects of this crisis, emerging better positioned to build upon our strong consumer relevance, thereby creating significant shareholder value. With that, operator, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, well be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from line of Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Alexia Quadrani: Hi. Thank you very much. I hope everybody on the call is safe and well. I wanted to just touch on advertising first, and then I have a follow-up on 2Q. First, on the advertising market. Can you provide any more color on how it trended in April? And are you seeing any signs of sort of some strengthening like maybe outsized demand for return of goal? And then on the YouTube renew, congratulations, it sounds like a great renewal there and with Viacom being added. I guess any more color you can give us in terms of when well see Viacom included in any incremental color on where you see incremental revenue from the Viacom network being added to that contract?
Robert Bakish: Yeah. Thanks, Alexia. Were all fine, trust you are as well. In terms of advertising, as I said in my remarks, we are seeing a significant impact in Q2, and but we do see Q3 and Q4 improving, assuming businesses reopen, and were well positioned to capitalize on that and gain share. Now with respect to Q2 specifically, on a relative basis, broadcast is strongest, then cable, then digital, local is weakest. Interestingly, though, the weakness is dominated by five categories, and theyre categories you would expect: auto, restaurants, retail, travel, movies. So theyre all significantly impacted by COVID. Now as weve seen some decline in demand, we also have been using some of that inventory to benefit our own products, including promoting SVOD, digital books and cross-boarding our schedules. So that inventory hasnt gone to waste. Weve also, in some cases, reduced load to improve the viewing environment and to maintain strong pricing. On positive note, one of our largest clients came to market in Q2 with scatter dollars, and we know we got the largest share. So thats a good reflection on the power of on the portfolio. Its also worth noting that weve seen in May and June scatter improve relative to April. So thats a good sign. And we do see categories continuing to be active in the market, pharmaceuticals, CBG, financial services, tech. And as we look to Q3, in particular, well also see live sports beginning to return. For us, the PGA starts on June 11 in Texas. Were seeing very strong demand for that and golf. And as you know, the NFL is releasing their schedule later today. So thats all a positive. Again, were very well positioned against this backdrop, given our number one position on linear television as well as our AMS portfolio. And the fact that through the integration weve done, we can now deliver all that to our customers on a single point of contact, which is important to the extent that some of our counterparties have either furloughed or reduced staffing. So we feel good. So advertisings tough, but we do see some green shoots and feel good about our ability to maximize that as they grow. With respect to YouTube, yes, thank you. We are very happy about that deal. But the quarter was not just about YouTube. Weve had very strong activity in terms of renewals, in the quarter and subsequent to the quarters end. Comcast, Verizon, YouTube, all examples of the power of the combination, something were quickly beginning to unlock. Big picture, were seeing very strong consumption that underscores consumer demand for our products across platforms. On linear, remember, number one in TV share, number one in all key demos, that is - and in this COVID time, in particular, very strong consumption, benefiting brands like CBS, Nickelodeon, Nick Jr., BET, Comedy Central, obviously underscores the value of our product and also great momentum on streaming. We talked about that in my prepared remarks, real positive trends in sign-ups and actually conversions on All Access and Showtime OTT. So the portfolio is very strong. In terms of the deals Comcast, first MVPD to add deals, Comcast, first MVPD to add All Access, were actually launching that today on Xfinity. Verizon, our first true cross-company, cross-portfolio MVPD deal, very happy with the economics and that Pluto component is very significant in terms of significant in terms of Verizon wireless distribution. And now YouTube, multiyear deal, includes an extension for CBS and Showtime and the addition of Viacom Media Networks very soon, 14 networks. That fills a key VMVPD white space for our company. Thats obviously important. But its also a win for them because it brings our number one TV portfolio to their platform. And as they look at the next leg of their sub growth, that will benefit them, so very happy with all that.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks a lot. Operator, lets take our next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Morris with Guggenheim Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Morris: Thank you. Good morning guys. Two questions. First, on the content side. On the completion of the merger, you guys spoke about $13 billion is an approximate level of cash content spend. Im wondering if you have any updated thought on that level of spend. And any updates on how youre thinking of sort of the evolution of how you allocate that given the breadth of distribution of distribution options that you have, any place youre putting more to work or maybe pulling back any? And then second, Im curious about the advertising pacing at Pluto TV in particular. You guys disclosed each of your digital metrics were up 50% plus in the quarter, if I sort of parse that a little bit. Can you talk about how Pluto is pacing on a relative basis and whether youve seen any - whether its held up better or maybe been a little softer in the sort of COVID-driven disruption? Thanks.
Robert Bakish: Yeah. Sure, Michael. So on content, the company has a very substantial content asset. That includes current production through Paramount, CBS, Viacom Media Networks, as well as a huge library. And the $13 billion cash content spend that weve referred to in the past is a very material number. Relative to that number, we expect COVID to result in some reduction in overall content expenses in 2020. Now thats driven by the cancellation of certain events, say, the NCAAs, as an example, the reduction in number of episodes of certain seasons series, so CBS prime. A lot of those series only delivered 18 episodes versus the planned 22 because we have to have to shut down production early. And we did move some films out of 2020. So all those things will reduce the 13, but thats really a 2020 issue. Its not a planned change in run rate. Now in terms of that aggregate spend, we continue to spend, we continue to prioritize investments in our owned and operated platforms. And that includes streaming with a growth emphasis on streaming as we shift mix from lower- to higher growth sectors. With respect to streaming, our biggest franchises will be key to that strategy as well as well as our broad programming strength really across genres, genres being kids, animations, crime procedurals, et cetera. And so we will be prioritizing those programming areas for our owned and operated platforms. That said, we will continue to selectively license to third parties. Its a big market. Playing in that market has multiple benefits, not just revenue, but also expanding the reach of IP to new fans that benefits the franchise and related businesses like consumer products, like setting up for theatricals, et cetera. Were doing that in a very strategic way. So were not going to license critical mass of any of our key programming areas, kids, procedurals, et cetera, to any single player. Likewise, again, were prioritizing franchise IP to our owned platforms. And regardless of what we do in the licensing space, remember, ultimately, these deals are rentals. The IP does revert back. So thats how were thinking about it, Mike. In terms of Pluto, I referenced that digital was weaker, but digital is an aggregation of a lot of a lot of different things. We continue to see fantastic advertiser reception for the Pluto product. It really is the closest thing to linear television on the planet. And if youve seen Pluto in the last month with our Venetia upgrade, the product is fantastic. The presentation is improved. And by the way, the ad guts behind it are also upgraded. So we continue to see strong demand, certainly strong demand in the first quarter. Were doing fine in the second quarter, again, against a general softer backdrop, which everybody is seeing. But we continue to love the asset and advertisers do, too.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks a lot, Mike. Operator, lets take our next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks. Good morning. Two questions. You guys talked about your plans with the balance sheet and asset sales. Im just wondering, as we try to think about free cash flow generation this year, anything else you can tell us beyond your answer to Mikes question on cash spend and how to think about the puts and takes for free cash flow further, I know its hard to give guidance given visibility. And are you thinking about additional asset sales and monetization opportunities even beyond the BlackRock building and Simon & Schuster? And then I had a follow-up on Paramount.
Christina Spade: Sure. Thanks, Ben. I appreciate the questions. So relative to our balance sheet, the way we think about our cash flow with the non-core asset sales, as I said in my comments, BlackRock, we will resume the tours and the sale process when the building reopens. And we do anticipate that, that sale will complete in 2020. For Simon & Schuster, were currently preparing to make available for sale when the market conditions allow. So as we look at our capital allocation plan relative to thinking about how we use our cash, its organic free cash flow generation, which we will benefit from the near-term production shutdown. It will be a benefit near term to free cash flow. But then also with the proceeds we get from the asset sales, we will look to pay down our debt to achieve 2.75 times leverage ratio.
Robert Bakish: And then just to follow-up with the second part of your question, Ben, in terms of the strategic your question, when I look at it, there are really three interrelated elements of our business. And those are studios, networks and streaming. And that gives us a very clear lens to look through to consider where the assets fit or not. Based on that, again, its clear that BlackRock, which is an iconic office building in New York, but doesnt fit any of those three categories, and Simon & Schuster, which is a preeminent publisher and an extraordinary company, again doesnt fit in any of those segments. So those are non-core, even though they are super high quality assets, and again weve had lots of interest in them. But when you look at that framework through the rest of the assets we own, the company really has a pretty compelling combination. So COVID hasnt changed our view on strategic asset composition in anything; if anything, its reinforced it. We believe the combination of studios, networks and streaming makes enormous synergistic sense together.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks, Ben. Operator, lets take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rich Greenfield with LightShed Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony DiClemente: Rich, you might be on mute.
Robert Bakish: Rich?
Anthony DiClemente: Operator, lets go to the next question, and we can bring Rich back.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Ehrlich with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you. What is  Bob, I hear your confidence in your ability to outperform, but given the increasingly challenging pay TV environment, you are growing share in linear. But as we all know, the universe is shrinking at kind of an alarming rate. What gives you that confidence to outperform? And as you pivot to streaming, can you talk a little more  give us some color on what you think the investment will be over the next year or two? What is the profitability on that $471 million in revenue? And how are you thinking about long-term margins? Its now one of your core three areas. So did that  just any color you can give us on where you see that profitability going? And then one last thing on advertising. Q3 cancellations were due. What are you seeing there? And where are you seeing most demand? Is it sports, entertainment or news? Thank you.
Robert Bakish: Yeah, Jessica. Sure. So in terms of affiliate, I think probably the best way to think about it is, if you look at pay subs, we saw stable trends in Q1 relative to Q4. That said, given what were hearing and people are talking about in Q2, we do expect some modest incremental cord cutting. But importantly, our deal with YouTube will more than offset that when it kicks in this summer. So thats, to your question of outperformance. Also, on the domestic cable affiliate revenue side, as you know, we got a nice improvement in rate of change between Q4 and Q1. Q2 might move back a bit given what I just mentioned on sub trends. Again, we dont know what that actually is, but theres possibility. But given the deals we have locked in as of today, we see further improvement in second half of the year on the domestic cable affiliate revenue trend line. So thats to your question on outperformance. Look, on streaming profitability, again, were not giving guidance, certainly not into 2020 COVID environment. I can tell you that we are  it really  its all about the mix of content expenditures across the company and continuing to remix from investment towards higher growth areas that includes streaming. In the short term, theres a lot of incremental content that were bringing to the platform that is existing content. And over time, therell be growing original content on the streaming side. But again, thats largely a mix. And again, as we look at a business plan for streaming, both in free and pay and more importantly, on this integrated linked ecosystem, were very excited about what we see tracking out over the coming years. Finally, on Q3 ad sales, again, based on everything we see today, we believe Q3 ad sales will be better than Q2. And, again, right now, May and June scatter May and June scatter looked better than April. So thats a good sign. We do see categories active in the market, again, pharma, CPG, financial services, tech. We do see for sure demand for sports, starting with this June 11 PGA event and these PGA events are sort of staggered in kind of more open states, if you will, in locations. So we feel good about that. We have a very specific production plan for those, which we believe mitigates risk. And were definitely seeing strong demand for that. And again, it speaks to the power of the portfolio, the fact that we can serve advertisers through our number one linear position across really all genres, add in Pluto and other high quality digital assets. And importantly, deliver it through a single point of customer contact. I think that will be even more important as we negotiate, say, this virtual upfront. So thats what Im seeing.
Anthony DiClemente: Okay. Thanks, Jessica. Operator, well take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rich Greenfield with LightShed Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Rich Greenfield: If I could just figure out how to use my headset, all would be good. But just a couple of quick questions. Remote work is interesting. Viacom DISH is up this month, I think there is a lot of investors on this call are proudly thought that Charlie Ergen is going to give you a very hard time in that renewal. Im wondering with literally no sports on TV, there is a leverage with distributors sort of shift a little bit. At least until sports come back, it would seem like Viacom is a pretty large portion of overall content on the air right now. Then on the movie business, youre talking about putting up movies later this year. Some of your peers have moved films into literally a year, if not more. Do you really plan to put out movies if they cant generate hundreds of millions of dollars of box office? Like how are you going to make the decision of whether to really put things out in August, September versus delay until August or September of 2021? And just because everyone is literally asking me to ask, Bob, could you just be very specific? Fox said ad sales are down 50%; AMC, down 30%. Could you just give us actual specificity on the numbers of ad decline in Q2? Thanks.
Robert Bakish: Sure, Rich. And yes, I thought you were kind of on mute before, and I agree, work from home is an interesting concept. But with that caveat, so we are seeing incredible consumption of ViacomCBS content in the current environment. And thats both our broadcast linear CBS, that is our cable assets, including like Nick Jr. and Nickelodeon, BET, Comedy Central, Trevors Killing It, et cetera. So yes, were very pleased with what were seeing. And by the way, as I said, our streaming services, which we also increasingly call it package into our relationship with our distributors are performing very well. So does that tilt in our favor at the moment? Yes, probably. We, by the way, also look forward to bringing live sports back, and were going to be one of the first with golf, the nature of golf probably makes that a little bit simpler than some of the other sports. By the way, we set up a sound stage in Radford, the CBS lot to film both boxing and Bellator events, which were going to use that soundstage to sequentially alternately produce those, albeit with no audience for the moment. So were going to do some sports stuff around the edges. But yeah, look, I like our position. I think the portfolio is very powerful. You see that starting to come to life with the deals Ive already talked about, and I feel about our trajectory going forward. With respect to movies, yes, we moved them later. We thought that was the right thing to do to preserve asset value. We obviously look at the market and look at what it will be at a point in time, and well make a decision if theres sufficient critical mass of screens if you will, theaters to warrant opening a film. Our first film on the schedule is Spongebob at the beginning of August - I think its August 7. So its too far out to call if thats definitely going to be released or its definitely not going to be released. We hope it will release, but we will continue to look at and make the right decision in terms of the return on those assets because we got great films. I mean, whether its Quiet Place Part II, which we premiered in New York two weeks before the crisis, and we pulled at the last minute. Thank God we did because the film is incredible. And we didnt waste it. We saved it. Likewise, Top Gun: Maverick is off the chart. So - but were going to open them when it makes sense to open them, Rich. Lastly, on ad sales, look were not going to - Im not going to give you a domestic number. I can tell you its not as bad as what Fox is saying, thats for sure, but its not pretty either. But as far as a specific number, no, Im not going to do that.
Rich Greenfield: And then just a follow-up on the film point. You said that yield the base decision on whether theaters are open, how does actual consumer behavior play into it? I mean, theaters could be open, but if people dont want to go to movie theaters, are you going to still open movies?
Robert Bakish: Rich, we are going assess it based on economic considerations. So were going to take all that into account. Again, we - the cash flow nature of the studio business on new release versus production means that we can be patient and wait. So were not going to relight these negatives on fire. Were going to wait until we can really maximize them because theyre great products.
Rich Greenfield: Thanks. Thats what I was hoping you were going to say.
Robert Bakish: Thanks, Rich.
Anthony DiClemente: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Janedies with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
John Janedies: Good morning. Bob, a couple for me. First, can you give us an update on what youre seeing across key geographies on the international cable network business? And then separately, given the delayed schedule for scripted sports, how are you thinking about a time line for both the return to production and bringing content to air? What do you think the fall season looks like for CBS? And are there any creative solutions to maintain as much of your core audience as possible, assuming originals dont hit the schedule until the winter?
Robert Bakish: Yeah. Sure, John. So international, Id say, overall the dynamics are similar to the U.S. And what I mean by that is escalated content consumption, both linear and streamed, soft ad market and us focusing on cost management. In terms of advertising, Q1 was really a story of U.K. market under pressure. Spain also, Australia was actually up. Q2 is pretty soft across the board. And I would say that international is softer than domestic. And probably a way to think about it is we talked about this 2% growth number in Q1. The domestic number is better than that. The international number was a headwind for it. Importantly, in international, we are - we now have two offices open, Beijing and Hong Kong. So things are moving forward. And that is both a light at the end of the tunnel, but also a great way for us to get experience with facility reopening, which we have a big kind of working group on that. So were prepped for it. And then on the international side, importantly, we continue to see new opportunities coming out of the merger when we think big picture. It might take us a little longer to realize them, but theyre definitely there, things like bringing operating expertise from Channel 5 and Telefe to Network 10, things like bringing CBS massive television library and production to Viacom International Media Networks distribution across MVPDS, OTT, mobile partners. And as we move forward on streaming again, we see a real international opportunity, which leverages the combined company asset base, and its more than seeing it. We have plans to go after it, as I said, in multiple markets over the next 12 months. With respect to production, we have a multifaceted plan in place for restarting production, which we believe will leave us well positioned with fresh product in the fall in both TV and film. And we also have a range of contingencies we can deploy. To your question on CBS, CBS has a very strong and stable schedule. We announced a renewal of over 80% of that slate yesterday. Thats got a bunch of benefits, including the fact that in this virtual upfront time whenever it moves, advertisers will know what theyre buying from us, and some of the other networks are not in that place. In terms of our return to production, a couple of things Id highlight. One is because there was a possibility of a writer strike, we ensured we had a backlog of shows ready to go. So thats an asset we can draw on. In addition, if you start segmenting different kinds of production, sound stage-based productions, things like sitcoms, thats a more controllable environment. So we feel good about that. Dramas, again, if you look at it, there will likely be limitations. We can probably front-load production the other components that are on sound stages and leave location to later. Thats how were thinking about it, if need be. On the unscripted side, we can also modify production to include more controllable environments. In terms of sports, we believe live sports return. I talked about golf and the NFL probably in a modified form, but we believe theyll be there. And so were optimistic that our fall schedule wont be materially disrupted, again, assuming we can get back in production sometime this summer. Know that in the interim, we continue to operate in a modified model. That includes using virtual productions. Youve seen a bunch of those on air to keep news, late night and other shows going. To the extent we see gaps in production volume, we do have broad and deep libraries, including the recent addition of Miramax, which we can deploy on our platforms. Current example of this is use of Paramount titles for a new CBS Sunday night at the movies, which started in May. Thats filling in for a shortened season of MCIS derivatives back to the 18 episodes versus 22. On the Paramount side, weve completed principal photography on eight films right before the crisis. Those include Snake Eyes, Clifford, Coming to America, Top, Infinite Tomorrow World and Spell. So those are all being worked on remotely in post-production. So we will be in good shape when things open up. Likewise, showtime is currently set and solid through Q3. So its a bit of a fluid situation, but we spent a lot of time looking at not only return to facilities, but return to production, and were confident that well have compelling content on in the fall.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks, John. Operator, we have time for one last question.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question this morning comes from the line of Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Nathanson: Great. Thanks. Ill have two of you. The first is when I think about Showtime, its a pretty competitive market. Its not global, no advertising capabilities like your other businesses. I wonder is it a long-term core asset? One of the moves you made in Viacom selling right away. So how does Showtime fit into your long-term vision? And secondly, if you look at your competitors in streaming, they all pulled back some big titles Peacock, Office, Friends, HBO MAX. I wondered, when you pull back some of the big library content that sits on Netflix or in a perfect world, what have you pulled back South Park from licensing that. So just give me a sense of that philosophy? Thanks.
Robert Bakish: Yes. Sure, Michael. So on Showtime, I think two things to note. One, is it for sure, fits in the strategic paradigm that I outlined of studios, networks and streaming? In fact, its all three. And the second thing Id say on Showtime is, we talked about some issues with Showtime circa 2019, but our 2020 plan is all about turning around the performance with respect to earnings and cash flow, and we feel good about our trajectory there. And its important to note that it has real momentum on subscribers, particularly over the top. Showtime had its best quarter ever in sign-ups and consumption in Q1. And weve seen acceleration in sign-ups, time watched and total streams in April. And the conversion of free-to-pay as its accelerated, i.e., more trials, were seeing the same or better conversion rates. So thats all good, and we do have a lot of momentum on the programming side. With respect to streaming, I talked about our strategy a bit in my prepared remarks. And from a content perspective, again, were very excited about where were taking this. If you look at Pluto, its a massive free gateway to our streaming ecosystem. We are going to continue to build that out. That has both owned and operated and third-party content on it. The content offering in ours is definitely weighted towards third party. Our content on it is definitely library, and thats working well. In respect to our pay product, which is more where your question would show up, were in the middle of transforming CBS All Access into this much more compelling product that includes news, live sports and on-demand entertainment. So your question would really apply largely to on-demand entertainment. Again, we put over 100 Paramount films there this week. You will see a major move this summer, where well introduce a fundamentally new UI and add substantial content assets. As we do that, we are prioritizing franchises and importantly, critical mass of programming in genres, whether its animation and kids or its crime, et cetera, for O&O. We will continue to selectively license outside of that. So we may put a little kids somewhere on one platform, a little bit on another. But in terms of critical mass and in terms of big franchises, were going to increasingly lean into that for our owned and operated platforms. We think thats a strategy that will create a very compelling, streaming product and sort of trajectory for that element - that portion of our business, as well as allow us to continue to participate in a licensing market where there continues to be a lot of demand.
Michael Nathanson: Thank you, Bob.
Robert Bakish: Look, guys, I really want to thank you for your questions and taking time with us in this strange time were all living in. I want to close by saying ViacomCBS is a resilient company. We are well-positioned to navigate the crisis, and were really just beginning to tap the potential of our combined assets. To that end, you look at Q1, you look at the time since then, remember, we only closed this deal in December, but there are already multiple proof points to the power of the ViacomCBS combination. That includes recent affiliate deals. We talked about them today. Our cross-company use of content, we talked about today and very material cost synergies, which will probably increase as we move forward, leveraging our experience in COVID. Again, the first quarter and the weeks following demonstrated that our content is in demand in all kinds of formats. We did take aggressive steps to reduce costs, improve financial flexibility and frankly, strengthen our ability to capitalize on emerging opportunities. Our growing scale, audience reach and earnings power will become more apparent as this market rebounds, and we put the full power of our portfolio behind the company, including behind our streaming strategy. So look, thanks everyone, for your continued support. Stay well, and we look forward to seeing you in person, hopefully, sometime soon.
Anthony DiClemente: Operator - thanks, everyone. That concludes our earnings call. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-20 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day everyone, and welcome to the ViacomCBS Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Anthony DiClemente. Please go ahead sir.
Anthony DiClemente: Good morning everyone. Thank you for taking the time to join us for our fourth quarter and full-year 2019 earnings call. Joining me for today's discussion are Bob Bakish, our President and CEO; and Chris Spade, our CFO. Please note that in addition to our press release, we have trending schedules containing supplemental information available on our website. We also have an accompanying slide presentation that you can use in order to follow along with our remarks. I want to refer you to the second slide in the presentation and remind you that certain statements made on this call are Forward-Looking Statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in more detail in our filings with the SEC. Today's remarks will focus on adjusted results, reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information discussed on this call can be found in our earnings release or on our website. Now, I will turn the call over to Bob.
Robert Bakish: Good morning, and thank you for joining us for the first Viacom's CBS earnings call. It has been less than three months since we completed our merger, and I'm pleased to say we are making significant progress integrating and transforming Viacom's CBS, as we move quickly to unlock the full power of this now unified company. This includes organizationally, we have built a best-in-class management team and consolidated structure. Operationally, as we have started executing as a combined entity in a meaningful way, including through sales force consolidation, more streamlined groupings of networks, as well as the integration of digital assets and capabilities, and financially where cost synergies are already being realized, and our target is being increased from $500 million to $750 million in annualized run rate, cost savings. Importantly, this progress is not reflected in Q4, which given the timing of our close is a transitional one and overwhelmingly reflects two separate companies executing on separate strategies. Chris will cover our Q4 and full-year results in detail, but let me highlight a few things. First, there are as you would expect a significant set of merger related items that were a headwind for expenses and cash flow. Second, at the operating level from a revenue perspective, certain lines reflect the impact of challenges that will be mitigated in the combined company affiliate is an example here, while others such as ad sales provide insights into the potential of the company to perform more strongly as we extend capabilities across the portfolio. Lastly, our operating results reflect the impact of legacy content investment decisions at some business units. As I will explain in a few minutes, here we are evolving our strategy to significantly improve content ROI and free cash flow. I would now like to discuss our strategic vision and priorities for Viacom's CBS, and what we are going to deliver in 2020. A year where we anticipate delivering revenue growth in the mid-single-digits, adjusted OIBDA of $5.8 billion to $6.1 billion and free cash flow, excluding integration costs to achieve of $1.8 billion to $2 billion for 2020 with an additional $500 million in free cash flow benefit in 2021. Let's start at the top by top. ViacomCBS is one of the largest content producers and providers in the world and that is an incredibly exciting and valuable place to be, at a time when both consumer and commercial demand for premium content is only growing. We have an unrivaled ability to create value through the media ecosystem, and to serve the largest addressable audience globally. We do this by operating our own platforms and by supplying others. Taken together, we believe ViacomCBS can be the most important content partner in the industry. Why? Because first and foremost we have and make an incredible volume of content, through our globe spanning production capabilities, depth of IP ownership and talent relationships and underpinned by our library of more than 140,000 television episodes and 3,600 film titles, all continually refreshed and grown by over $13 billion annual cash content investment. In fact, we make content across every genre and format, including news, sports and entertainment, both scripted and unscripted. And our television reach extends across 4.7 billion cumulative homes in over 180 countries. And we don't just make content, we make hits, as evidenced by our number one positions across broadcast and cable viewing in all our key audience demographics. And our number two ranking in tubular social media video views in the media and entertainment category. Another clear indicator of the power and appeal of our IP. We also have the ability and flexibility to monetize all this content in a variety of models, across both owned and third-party platforms, which we believe is distinct and important competitive advantage and by serving the largest addressable audience across every segment and platform, we are aggressively creating new opportunities to bring our brands in IP to more audiences, extend franchises, and grow revenue streams. Now let's talk more specifically about our three priorities for 2020. First, maximize the power of our content; second, unlock more value from our biggest revenue lines; and third, accelerate our momentum in streaming. First content. Our content strategy isn't about spending more. It is about better aligning the combined company spending with growth potential and maximizing the value of our content, IP and franchises across our now larger asset base. That means putting the full power of the company behind our biggest priorities. This includes the massive promotional platform that we can exploit for our own benefit. Our leadership on and off linear TV, including the largest broadcast footprint in the world, and more than 1.5 billion social fans and followers provides an incredible opportunity to maximize the impact of our biggest priorities from franchises to football. A platform we look forward to deploying including in support of Super Bowl 55 Taking place next February. But it is more than promotional impact. It also includes focusing on global cross company franchise management to get the most out of our powerful IP across our brands and platforms. Take Star Trek as an example, a globally enduring franchise that we will make even bigger. On the heels of the card on CBS all access, which broke our record for total streams of subscriber signups, we are now taking the Star Trek franchise and extending it across the house. Building on Discovery and Picard, we now have two additional series in production at All Access and Nickelodeon, and two more series in development, plus a series of Picard Novels being rolled out Simon Schuster, and highly anticipated New Star Trek feature at Paramount. Very importantly, we are also maximizing the power of our content by applying more rigor to managing our content mix, investments and returns. In fact, we see this as a significant opportunity to improve some of the cash softness you saw in Q4 and full-year 2019. In 2020, that means prioritizing content investment in streaming and studio production. Both of which are growth areas. At the same time, our linear TV content spend levels will remain consistent with last year, and effectiveness will increase as we shift the mix within networks and increased cross company utilization to improve ROI. To demonstrate the strategy at work, I would like to focus on Showtime. A powerful important brand with culture defining hits, but a business that consumes significant working capital in 2019. Make no mistake, high end scripted programming and hits like Billions, Shameless and Homeland will continue to be a key pillar of the brand. But by shifting some of the content mix, including through new users of ViacomCBS brands, we can attract subscribers in a more cost effective way. Take the H1s RuPaul Drag Race for example. With a large loyal following, we believe this franchise will be additive to Showtime subscriber dynamic, which is why we will air a special new season of RuPaul Drag Race All Stars on Showtime on a first window basis. We are also confident this move will further improve the already strong ROI of this franchise. And we see an even bigger opportunity to grow Showtime subs by making better use of its plat channels, some of which are currently under utilized. To that end, we will be rebranding and re-launching showcase as SHO*BET this summer featuring African-American scripted series form Showtime and BET as well as popular movies and specials. We see this as a compelling value creation play that will allow us to benefit from the growing demand for premium African-American content across platforms. This brings me to our second strategic priority for 2020, unlocking more value from our biggest revenue lines. With the expanded ViacomCBS asset base, we see a significant opportunity to drive growth of our own platforms benefiting affiliate and ad revenue. This larger asset base combined with the licensing pullback of some of our competitors also sets the stage for growth in our content licensing and studio production businesses. Take distribution. ViacomCBS with leading broadcast and entertainment brands and strengthen live, local, news and sports is a must have for any distributor. And by working with partners to deepen and extend our relationships through advanced advertising, broadband products and more, we can continue to grow share. A strategy that will drive growth in the face of macro trends within the industry. In fact, we have already seen the benefit of the combined portfolio with the recent renewal of our carriage agreement with Comcast, which by the way brings CBS All Access to set up boxes for the first time. And it is not just TV with a diverse and growing theatrical swing from paramount, we are critical to theaters and the broader film distribution ecosystem too. Q4 may have been soft for Paramount, but it came after eight consecutive quarters of year-over-year improvement, and just look at the huge opening of our current film Sonic, which did approximately $70 million last week in U.S. and Canada alone and became the biggest opening ever for a video game adaptation. And we couldn't be more excited for Q2's upcoming and highly anticipated titles including A Quiet Place Part 2, Top Gun: Maverick and the next SpongeBob movies Sponge On The Run. So Viacom's CBS is a must have partner so all types of distributors, no question. We are also a must buy for advertisers. Our leadership in U.S. reached across linear and digital combined is clear. Our advanced advertising capabilities continue to scale. They are in high demand and were a key driver of our domestic cable networks ad growth in Q4 and 2019. Among other things, this sets us up for a strong upfront. Especially as we apply Viacoms advanced ad business plus CBSs massive audience reach, and as we continue to expand our premium digital video inventory, which is already amongst the largest in the industry. In content licensing tool ViacomCBS is a critical partner. I mentioned before the extensive library of IP we now have, an importantly with a single content licensing sales force now in place, we can extract incremental benefit through the packaging of film and television. Tailoring offerings to better meet client needs, helping take share, while simultaneously being able to support our owned and operated platforms in both linear and streaming. In content licensing, we are also focused on continuing to unlock the value of our quickly scaling third-party studio production business, while there are some working capital headwinds in this business in 2020 this is a fundamentally profitable business that we expect to deliver $1.3 billion in revenue for the year with double-digit margins and virtually no risk. It also allowed key franchises to reach more consumers and serve as a component of a multifaceted franchise development and growth strategy. And since most of this business is essentially a rental model versus a sale, it also enables us to grow our content in IP library for the long-term in an economically efficient way, which means we are also building asset value. Put it all together and you'll begin to see you why will you believe why ViacomCBS can become the most important content partner in the media ecosystem. Finally, our third strategic priority for 2020 is to accelerate our momentum in streaming. Let me explain how we are approaching the opportunities in the space. Very importantly, it starts with building on a unique and strong foundation we already have in streaming, in ad supported, we have the leading free streaming TV service in Pluto TV with over 22 million monthly active users in the U.S. up 75% year over year and we expect to exit 2020 with approximately 30 million MAUs domestically. In Pay our subscription offerings account for more than 11 million domestic subscribers up 50% year-on-year and we expect this to grow to approximately 16 million subscribers as we exit 2020. The growth we have achieved so far is overwhelmingly in the U.S., but we are making early strides to expand internationally. Pluto is already in the UK, Germany, Austria and Switzerland and its launching in Latin America next month. On the Pay side, All Access is available in Canada and Australia and our Paramount plus [indiscernible] products are also live in numerous territories. But our streaming foundation is not just usage, it is also financial. In 2019, our domestic streaming and digital video business, which includes subscription revenue and digital video advertising had approximately $1.6 billion in revenue. We see this as a key metric for ViacomCBS and anticipated growing between 35% and 40% this year with relatively modest incremental operating expenses. Of course, the opportunity is much, much larger and pursuing that opportunity ViacomCBS will take a differentiated approach that builds on our running start, plays to our strength and fulfills unmet audience and partner needs. Our going forward approach to streaming is rooted in the belief that the streaming world will evolve similarly to the linear world that means it will have three broad pay and premium pay segments and just like in a linear world, we will have streaming product for each. By having robust offerings in each segment. We will also have the ability to migrate consumers across them through promotion and bundling, which creates advantages in subscriber acquisition retention and lifetime value. Our free new offering is Pluto TV and our premium pay offering is Showtime OTT. To complete our portfolio, we will take CBS All Access and expand it to be a robust and compelling offering to serve the broad pay streaming segment. This offer will we affirm and expand the value of entertainment, news and sports content through on demand and live experiences for audiences around the world. Built on the foundation of CBS All Access, including the technology, content and subscriber base, adding substantial content assets in film and television plus the power of world renowned brands to create in effect a combined house of brand product. More specifically, we will add significant content from Nickelodeon, Comedy Central, MTV, BET and Smithsonian in addition to popular films from the paramount library, and we will do this at scale to the tune of approximately 30,000 episodes of TV and up to 1000 movies. It is differentiated offering will provide the powerful combination of live linear via over 200 local CBS stations, plus on demand content spanning news, sports, film, drama, reality, kids, and more with a global platform and infrastructure from which to market and scale it. Importantly know that we have designed this offering to be compatible with the evolving distribution landscape. We see it as a value creating opportunity to further broaden our partnerships with traditional distributors, akin to our recent Comcast relationship expansion to CBS All Access. And we also see it as a robust offering for distributors in the broader OTT space including mobile. Obviously we will be sharing much more information in the month ahead, but we are already hard at work across check, content, branding, marketing and more to bring this evolve product to life, and we will soften launch the product later this year. As we execute on each of our priorities for 2020, maximizing the power of our content, unlocking new value from our biggest revenue lines and accelerating our momentum in steaming we are positioning ViacomCBS to deliver significant shareholder value. At the same time, we are making non-operating moves to unlock meaningful value. These include the divestiture of non-core assets like the sale of Black Rock, which we are in the market with as we speak. In addition to other opportunities, we are currently evaluating. The proceeds of these transactions will be used to delever our balance sheet, buyback stock and further strength in the financial position of the Company. With that, I'll turn it over to Chris to report on our fourth quarter and full-year results, and to provide detailed 2020 guidance.
Christina Spade: Thank you, Bob, and good morning everyone. It is great to be here for our first ViacomCBS earnings call. As you know, our merger was effective December 4th, so our fourth quarter and full-year 2019 results largely reflects with Viacom and CBS would have delivered as separate company. 2020 will express the power of our combination with some of the greatest assets in media and an efficient growth strategy underway. We are strongly equipped to capitalize on our position as a preeminent global content company, and by maximizing free cash flow from our traditional businesses, while prudently investing in our growth areas we will create long-term value for our shareholders and our stakeholders. First, I'm going to outline our reporting segments and key revenue types. Then I will give you more details about our fourth quarter and full-year 2019 results. Finally, I will provide further context about our 2020 guidance and capital allocation strategy. As you can see in our earnings presentation ViacomCBS comprises four business segments, TV entertainment, cable networks, filmed entertainment and publishing. We are also presenting five key revenue types, advertising, affiliate, content licensing, theatrical and publishing and we are providing a breakdown of revenue by type within each of our business segments. In addition, given the increased prominence of our streaming services, we are giving greater visibility into their performance by providing domestic revenue, subscribers and monthly active users for our fast-growing streaming and digital video business. Now let me give you more details about our fourth quarter results. Q4 of 2019 was a transitional quarter. As a result, we had several merger related adjustments. They include $589 million in programming charges, resulting from an evaluation by new management of our content strategies for the now combined company, $268 million in restructuring charges related to our synergy initiatives and $191 million in other merger related costs. In addition, our fourth quarter operating results were primarily affected by several items, including declines in the pay TV universe and legacy Viacom rate resets, lower political spending following our record results in 2018, investments in and programming and the timing of content licensing sale. Importantly, as Bob mentioned, we believe these areas of impact will be substantially mitigated in the combined company as we evolve our strategy to benefit from our collective asset base. We also delivered growth in a number of key areas during the fourth quarter, affiliate revenue increased 1% despite declines in the pay TV landscape. The growth was driven by re-trans and reverse comp, which was up 25% and our subscription streaming revenue, which included a record quarter for subscriber growth at CBS All Access and a record month in December for streaming signups at Showtime. At the same time, our domestic cable network advertising revenue was up at strong 9% benefiting from Pluto, which was an integral part of our advanced advertising offering. So you can see the advantages of our streaming strategy across our company as these services continue to scale on a full-year basis. On a full-year basis our 2019 revenue showed healthy gains. We delivered total revenue growth of 2% with increases in advertising affiliate and content licensing. Advertising was up 2% driven by CBS and broadcast and Super Bowl 53 and the NCAA Final Four in championship game as well as strong growth in digital advertising led by Pluto and CBS All Access, this growth was somewhat offset by FX headwinds as well as lower political advertising. Affiliate revenue grew 3% benefiting from a 20% increase in re-trans and reverse comp as well as strong growth in subscription streaming revenue which offset linear declines in the pay TV ecosystem. And content licensing was up 5% driven by growth in production for third-party streaming platform from our CBS and Paramount television studios as well as the licensing of our library programs. In addition, our domestic streaming and digital video revenue in 2019 which includes subscription revenue and digital video advertising increased approximately 60% to $1.6 billion with growth across Pluto, CBS All Access and Showtime OTT. Our solid end of year performance across these three key services gives us strong starting point for 2020 and provides the necessary momentum to scale the future growth of these businesses. Turning to free cash flow. Our 2019 adjusted free cash flow was 1.2 $4 billion, which excludes $366 million of restructuring and merger related payments. These results were affected by higher content investments across our businesses, including more original series produced for our own platform as well as for third-party and the expansion of our film slate. In addition, we had higher cash taxes of $437 million in 2019 including $250 million. That was driven by tax regulations finalized in 2019 and the absence of the cash tax benefit that we had in 2018. Now let me go into more detail about our 2020 outlook. As you heard in our first full-year of ViacomCBS, we expect to grow across key metrics with total revenue up mid single-digit adjusted OBIDA in the range of 5.8 billion to 6.1 billion and adjusted diluted EPS from continuing operations in the range of $5.15 to $5.50 cents. Our 2020 outlook also assumes the realization of about $250 million of our $750 million of cost synergy targets before consideration of onetime cost to achieve them. Our new target came after five months of detailed work on our integration program. We now see that we will achieve more than the $500 million that we identified during our due diligence period from incremental opportunities across areas where Viacom and CBS have the most overlap. Namely duplicative organizational areas, vendor sourcing, and to a lesser extent real estate consolidations. We expect to achieve our cost synergy target over three years with an incremental $350 million in 2021 and the balance of $150 million to be substantially realized in 2022. For 2020 adjusted free cash flow, we have line of sight to significant improvements, which will enable us to achieve adjusted free cash flow in the range of $1.8 billion to $2 billion. The growth in free cash flow will be fueled by the key revenue drivers we see this year, including re-trans and reverse comp as well as political advertising from the presidential election. We will also drive free cash flow by strategically reprioritizing our content spending to high growth areas across our businesses, which will substantially improve our working capital. And we anticipate a cash benefit of approximately $200 million from the $250 million in cost synergies that we expect to deliver this year. In 2021, there are several items that will drive approximately $500 million of additional free cash flow. They include the tailwind from continued strategy driven working capital improvements, further realization of merger integration synergies, and the benefit of having the Super Bowl partly offset by the absence of political. Now let me give you more detail on our 2020 revenue drivers. We expect to deliver increases across all four of our segments and all five of our revenue types in 2020. In advertising, excluding the Super Bowl and political spending, we anticipate domestic advertising revenue to grow in the low-single digits, as we go to market with expansive U.S. reach across linear and digital platform, scaled advanced advertising and ease of buying across our portfolio. In addition, political spending is shaping up to be a record, which will further lifts our results. In affiliate, we expect our domestic revenue to grow in the low-single digit, as we go-to-market with our unified broadcast and cable portfolio, we see continued strength in re-trans and reverse comp and our subscription streaming services on a combined basis, which will more than offset pay TV pressures. In content licensing, 2020 is shaping up to be a good year. We will benefit from our deal to license South Park and we will see more opportunities to leverage our vast library bundle our film and TV programming for domestic and international licensing and ramp-up production for third-party backed by the growing capabilities of our studios, as others pull back from the marketplace, leading to greater demand for premium content. In theatrical, we are thrilled with Sonic and we feel great about our upcoming expanded film slate. And in publishing, we have a strong lineup of titles from bestselling and big name authors including Stephen King, Jerry Seinfeld and Ruth Ware. Looking at metrics beyond our reported financials. We are guiding on domestic streaming and digital video revenue, which we expect to increase by 35% to 40% in 2020, off a base of $1.6 billion in 2019. This assumes domestic streaming subscribers reach approximately $16 million and domestic Pluto MAUs reach approximately $30 million by the end of the year. It is important to review our 2020 quarterly cadence. This year's first quarter will be compared against last year's results which included the Super Bowl. In the second quarter, we will realize the licensing revenue for South Park. In the third quarter affiliate renewals that we have already completed will take effect, which will give a lift to our revenue and in the fourth quarter we anticipate we will have what is already looking to be at record performance for political advertising. Turning to capital allocation. We ended 2019 with $18.7 billion of debt. When you take into account the $750 million a full run rate merger related cost synergies, our debt to adjusted OIBDA ratio calculates to three times excluding the synergies, it was 3.4 times. Looking forward, we remain committed to our investment grade in rating with a target of achieving a leverage ratio of 2.75 times taking these synergies into account. As Bob noted, we continue to make progress on the sale of Black Rock. We have completed the initial preparation work with CBRE and are in the market. We anticipate the sale to close in 2020 and we expect to use the proceeds from this transaction for a mix of debt reduction and opportunistic share repurchases. Since the merger closed, we have declared a quarterly dividend of $0.24 per share and repurchased 2.5 million shares of our stock. As the year progresses, we will continue to evaluate the use of excess cash for opportunistic share buy backs. In regards to M&A, we remain focused on our transformational ViacomCBS deal and we will only consider acquisitions that are creative and tightly linked to our strategy. This disciplined approach is exemplified by our agreement - by our 49% stake in MIRAMAX for $375 million, which gives us exclusive long-term distribution rights to MIRAMAXs catalog of 700 titles, including a number of award winning films and will enable us to further maximize our programming library. So in summary, ViacomCBS is well positioned to grow for the long-term. We are maximizing cash flow from our legacy businesses while driving growth in streaming and expanding our reach to new audiences. We now have an even stronger position in the Pay TV landscape as well as in advertising, particularly in advanced advertising and in 2020 we will begin to reap the return from the investments we have already made, especially in film and our streaming offerings. So as we continue to execute on our growth strategy, we will grow free cash flow, capitalize on the benefits of our combination and create value for shareholders. We are poised a strong year in 2020 which will deliver growth across our unified Company and set us up for consistently strong performance in the years to come. With that, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] Thank you. And our first question will be coming from the line of Alexia Quadrani with JP Morgan.
Alexia Quadrani: Hi thank you very much. Just two questions. First, looking at your guidance for 2020 that you have provided. I'm curious about how much conviction you have in those numbers, and you have had a little bit of time since the merger closed, and I'm wondering if you feel that this is really a conservative number and you know trying to get a sense if we are at the bottom here for the estimates for 2020. And then I have a follow-up.
Robert Bakish: Yes, sure. Alexia. This is Bob. We have done a lot of work since the close and we have absolute conviction in our guidance, as Chris articulated in her prepared remarks as we look at 2020, we see specific catalysts as the year unfolds. So yes, we feel very good about our guidance on the top-line, on the earning side and on the adjusted free cash flow side.
Alexia Quadrani: And then just a follow-up on your comment about investment spending, content spending in general. You have obviously a lot of assets that you are investing in with CBS All Access, Showtime. You know just really focusing more on Showtime, I guess? How do you balance where are you going to put the content spending or investment spending in? And how are you thinking about Showtime specifically, in terms of what is the right amount of content spends for that service?
Robert Bakish: Yes. So as you said it was actually two parts - that makes a three part question. Let me take Showtime and then talk about the general question. Look, over the years Showtime has made strong progress elevating its brand, deepening its original programming lineup, expanding its reach through OTT. That said, it was a working capital headwind for the company in 2019 and the time is right to improve ROI by evolving that programming mix. To be clear, Showtime will continue to be an important home of scripted shows like Billions, Homeland, The L Word, Penny Dreadful and the investments we made in 2019 will clearly pay dividends in 2020. At the same time, Showtime does have traction in other formats shows like [indiscernible] and Circus and we see an opportunity to lean more in this direction. And there are new ViacomCBS assets to bring to table starting with RuPaul and with more to come. Also, Bellator Alignments a natural fit with Showtime combat sports positioning and I believe a compelling value equation opportunity in its own right. And the show BEP plus rebranding that we talked about, we think that is a home run in attracting incremental subs. So it is really a multifaceted approach to improving content ROI here. Beyond that, it is worth noting that there are some market dynamics in 2020, which should be positive for Showtime. As you know, some competitors have lost key distributors. That should help Showtime takes share, particularly in linear. As we mentioned OTT momentum has been picking up, strong sub growth in the past two months and slightly longer-term ViacomCBS broader streaming strategy will be additive to Showtime subs overtime as it introduced to the new consumer funnel. So we are excited about the next leg of journey of this culture defining brand, and we look forward to it growing its contribution to ViacomCBS. Now, just quickly in terms of how we decide where to put the product, let me start with a high level reminder of what our strategy is and that is to maximize the value of our content by reaching the largest addressable audience. And that is across every segment of platform using our assets and others. There is four reasons why this is the right strategy for ViacomCBS. First, it makes the most of our greatest strength, which is our content engine and our place in the content industry, which is an industry that is growing. Second, it allows us to build on our leadership positions across segments, including genres, demos, formats, while giving us new opportunities to grow brand, franchises, and audience. Third, it allows us access to the largest potential revenue pool and that is key to balancing adjusted free cash flow delivery and asset value creation. And fourth, it gives us flexibility to adapt as the market and consumer habits continue to evolve. So how do we decide what goes where? Let me start with a key fact. The depth and strength of our talent base means we make must watch content for all platforms. That said, we do have to assign where things go and we have three filters at guide that, we look at financial impact. We look at strategic impact and we take into account some partnership considerations. Now as you think about that, there are several other things I want you to keep in mind that starts with where we have strengths. Whether it is a franchise, maybe mission impossible or a genre like procedurals. You will increasingly see us not licensed exclusively to third-parties in the U.S. We do look at these things across the house and we have a content council in place, help evaluate opportunities and make recommendations. And we look at every content decision as just one window in time. These are assets we own and we expect to monetize them in different ways, in different places overtime. Quickly an example, Nickelodeon, you know it is number one kids brand, big hits like SpongeBob. The reality is our linear platform only reaches 40% of kids today, but we can reach beyond that. So what we are doing as an example with Nick, is we are putting a spinoff of SpongeBob on Netflix that will drive direct earnings, but also connect these characters with new fans, benefiting the franchise and related businesses like consumer products or future theatrical films. And also maybe idea reverts back, because remember it is a rental, not a sale. So, but we give a lot of thought to this. We feel great about our strategy both specifically for Showtime and in general and you will see us deliver value with it in 2020 and beyond.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks Alexia. Operator, we will take our next question.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jessica Ehrlich with Bank of America Securities.
Jessica Ehrlich: Thank you. I have two questions. So the first one is on advertising, which you both alluded to as a growth area. So now as Joanne Ross is one of the best, if not the best advertising executives in the business and just can gives us more color on how different is your approach to market with all the networks under one advertising umbrella. As you said, selling across traditional and targeted advertising. Are you confident you can accelerate advertising growth overtime?
Robert Bakish: Sure. Jessica. Look I'm extremely excited about our domestic ad picture. Let me start by commenting on the market. As you know it remains very strong both in Q4, now in Q1 which scatter premiums in both broadcast and cable with 25% to 35% above upfront. Broadly speaking, the issue remains supply not demand and related to that we are all seeing strong and growing demand for premium digital video. Now if you look more at our performance, particularly in Q4, which I think is helpful to give you insight into where we see this going. Overall domestic ad revenues were flat. Now that is driven in part by the fact that there was not a lot of political ad spend in the fourth quarter versus the fourth quarter of 2018. That was a midterm election year. And of course, we have a little decline in impressions but very strong pricing. But the real thing to look at is domestic cable at 9% growth with Pluto. That is the strategy we have been pursuing over the last year and a half. It is a strategy of combining linear with our advanced marketing solutions. It is really resonating in the market and as promised it is delivering robust growth despite impression headwinds. It is allowing us to dramatically outperform all cable competitors. And it is worth noting that AMS is now almost a fifth of our revenue in the quarter, including with CBS. So this is a real piece of business. Looking forward, it is why we are so excited about our position in the market as ViacomCBS, we are now the clear number one leader. We are number one on every download of linear. And our AMS offering is even larger as we add CBS granted digital video, including CBS All Access, CBSN, which has grown super fast and more, which means our combined linear AMS sell something we know how to bring to market is even more robust. And as you pointed out, Jessica, our ad sales integration is moving very quickly. I'm thrilled with Jo Ann's leadership. John Haley is the COO who knows the advanced ad space. I spent last weekend with the senior team. They are totally pumped and with a bunch of clients and I'm confident we are going to be extremely well received in this next upfront.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks Jessica. Operator, let's take our next question.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Michael Morris with Guggenheim Securities.
Michael Morris: Thank you. Good morning guys. Two questions. One on streaming and then one on the cable affiliates. First on streaming. Bob you talked about the expanded service and a little bit of a time between now and when that will be available to consumers. Can you just talk about sort of what the hurdles are to having that up? And also, just any sense of urgency in terms of time-to-market given how competitive that space is becoming over the course of the year? And then second on cable affiliates, in the fourth quarter revenue was down about 8%. Can you break down for us a little bit what the drivers were there? There is a number of pieces of Showtime in the legacy Viacom networks. You used to have some content in there, some VOD relationships. Maybe just help us with what the apples-to-apples comparison is? And how to think about those drivers into the New Year. Thanks.
Robert Bakish: Sure. Let me take the first one. And then Chris will take the second one. So look on streaming again. We are very excited about our strategy. We believe this combination of free, broad pay and premium pay is where the market will go. And the fact that we have products in two of them, which is free and premium and very quickly we will get in the market with the third. Really, the middle one, we think makes a lot of sense. In terms of what we need to do, the reason we are so excited about this is it is not vaporware. We are filling from a position of strength. As we said, we have about $1.6 billion in domestic streaming and digital ad revenue in 2019, that is up 60% from 2018. We have MAU's at the end of 2019, at $22 million, actually more than $22 million, and over $11 million domestic subs in pay. So that is a real foundation and we are taking that and we are building on the experience we already have. We have benefit in terms of lessons learned in subscriber acquisition, insurance management. We understand what gets consumed in free and pay cause we have been looking at it for awhile. We are not launching something new, your question on tech. We are working off of proven platforms and models and we know how to work with partners both in the traditional and OTT space. So when we look at our plan for 2020 in our guidance, 30 million MAU's for Pluto domestically and approximately $16 million subs for U.S. pay offering with streaming digital revenue growing 35% to 40%. We feel very good about that. And again, we are in the market today and you are going to see us get deeper into them as the year goes on. So make no mistake. ViacomCBS would be very much in this game.
Christina Spade: Hi Mike, it is Chris. Thanks for the question. So relative to the performance for cable affiliate revenue, Q4 we did see some Pay TV headwinds and we saw legacy Viacom rate resets. Looking ahead for 2020, we are going to market with our combined cable and broadcast portfolio. We are seeing strong streaming performance and especially in Q1 we have Homeland and we have Star Trek the card out there. We also have new re-trans and reverse comp fields coming up later this year, that we feel very good about 2020 and we also have the headwinds that we expect and the market expects to happen in our 2020 guidance.
Anthony DiClemente: Okay. Thanks Mike. Operator, let's take our next question please.
Operator: Sure. Our next question is from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thanks good morning. Bob can you - if you just sort of step back, help us think about the programming costs growth of the content, investment appetite the company has over a longer period of time. And I'm asking, I can't tell, but I think last year the combined companies cash spend on programming looks to be up, I don't know, 15% to 20% something like that. I'm not sure if that is exactly right, but it was up a lot. I know you are talking about reallocating, reprioritizing, maximizing content ROI, but can you just help us understand, if you look at the entire company over a multiyear period, what is the right level of investment growth you think the business needs to achieve your goals? So I think that would help the market understand sort of where the longer term cash flow opportunity is in the business?
Robert Bakish: Yes. So, thanks. So our strategy is about taking advantage of this now larger portfolio of assets to improve content, ROI and ensure that we are investing against growth opportunities and maximizing share and margins in more mature businesses. You see that split in terms of linear television where as I said, our Comcast content spend is essentially flat 2019, but through grouping of networks, through shifting of mixes, we are going to get more effectiveness out of that. And again, we have a proven team that is getting more responsibility in that space. So, I feel very good about that. At the same time, we are prioritizing investments in places where there is clear growth that is in streaming, that is in a Paramount this year as we continue to ramp the slate a bit and in the third-party studio business, which is a significant business with growth, essentially risk-free, and long-term asset value. So, that is how we are looking at it overall and it is the combination particularly managing the mature businesses much more tightly that allows us for much more modest cash content, expense growth, as on a going forward basis, certainly 2019 to 2020, and then onwards than you have seen in the last couple of years. So that is how we are thinking about it. Again, I look at the combined asset base of this Company. We have more than enough resource base to work with and we are absolutely going to get more out of it.
Benjamin Swinburne: Okay. Thank you very much.
Anthony DiClemente: Operator, we will take our next question.
Operator: Our next question, our next question is from the line of Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks. I have to one similar bench question, which is at CBS legacy is a big source of pride about the number of original shows they make every year, you know it is about 94 shows last quarter. That is a doubling from like five years ago. And I wonder, you know now you are one company, is there a different financial lens you are bringing to it, because you don't see the benefit of all that expense growth in the CBS P&L. So I wonder now that you are in from outside, what are you doing differently financially to assess the ROI of that massive increase in spending of CBS?
Robert Bakish: Yes, thanks. So when you look at the CBS studio as an example, there is really two components of it. There is product it is making for its owned and operated network. In that case CBS and the product it is making a for third-party clients, which were a range of different clients. The expense growth and cash obviously covers both. As we look at it on the CBS network side, I think it is worth noting that in Q4 and continuing number one, most watched network in prime, five of the top 10 programs, five of the top six freshmen series. So the network continues to perform strongly. That I was with Kevin last week and we were talking about CBS and they are actually spending less on pilots this year, because they feel very good about where the network is and therefore are able to be more prudent. At the same time, whether it is the CBS studio or the Paramount studio, we continue to have ramping demand in that third-party studio production business. Yes, that consumed some cash certainly in 2019, there is a bit of a cash headwind in 2020, but I want to reiterate it is a difference business, it is fundamentally profitable, it is low risk and we do build long-term asset value. So on a cash basis, we are continuing to invest a bit in that, but it is really a separate business. So but rest assured in general, we are looking at everything. We talked about Showtime, we are looking at CBS, we are doing a lot of work on the linear cable side. And as we are doing all that, we see a lot of opportunity in the streaming side and we are focused on improving content ROI and getting more out of this asset. And that is what we will deliver in 2020.
Christina Spade: Also, Michael I Just wanted to supplement that, if you look at the TV entertainment segment, our new segment, which is largely the CBS branded businesses, we did grow high single-digits for the full-year 2018 to 2019, 8%, which is a strong performance. So from the standpoint of it, as we think about the CBS businesses going forward under the umbrella of the combined company now we will just even be further able to monetize our programming investments.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. And then one Bob international, you mentioned Pluto and the expansion, but what are you thinking about broadening out the subscription based businesses internationally? And when we have decisions?
Robert Bakish: Sure. Look, streaming is clearly a global priority and our global operating footprint, which includes linear reach, content ownership, on the ground resources and relationships are unquestionably a valuable go-to-market advantage. We are today in the early stages of entering international streaming on the free side, Pluto is already launched and growing rapidly in UK, Germany, Austria and Switzerland. Earlier this month, we announced that Pluto will launch in Latin America, Spanish speaking Latin America at the end of March, Brazil later. And we will offer 80 channels in Latin America by year-end. Likewise, Noggin is also up in Latin America and we just announced that Apple is launching it in 40 international markets. CBS All Access is already in Canada and Australia and we have a Paramount plus service streaming in parts of Europe and Latin America where it has both TV and film. So we are early days, but we are absolutely working the international space and we will update you as that plays out later in the year.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks, Michael. Operator, next question.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Rich Greenfield with LightShed Partners.
Richard Greenfield: Hey guys. Thanks for taking the questions. I got a couple of questions and a couple of follow-ups. First your peers are have been doing some uneconomic deals. If you look at what ESPN just did with SEC and UFC. Wondering as you think about kind of the NFL negotiation that will play out this year, sort of are you prepared to do something that is "uneconomic"? Two on Nickelodeon, I think your ratings were down somewhere around 20% last year and it looked like it got a lot worse in Q4 and into early 2020 since the launch of Disney Plus. Just wondering kind of what could you tell us about kind of your plans for the Nickelodeon network? And that sort of ties into the [Charlie Ervin] (Ph) question, which is, DISH was pretty clear yesterday and their call that if your ratings are down sharply, they are going to look for reductions in rate or they are going to simply drop programming, which they have been doing at an increasing rate. Just wondering kind of how you think about the negotiation with DISH, which I think is coming up pretty shortly? And then Chris, I think on the question that somebody asked about cable affiliates being down 8%, you kind of talked about what was in the press release, but could you give some clarity of like what were subs down? What was the rate reset? Just adding some actual numbers to the decline would be helpful. I think that is what the follow-up was trying to ask.
Robert Bakish: Lot in there Rich, but alright, let's do this quick. So the NFL, the NFL and CBS are longstanding partners as a combined company by ViacomCBS is even better positioned to deliver value to that franchise. You know the NFL values are broadcast reach and high quality production and you know that the combined company adds young adult reach, both for linear and streaming as well as international capabilities, both of which are key to NFL development. And that is important to the league. We are going to do some stuff around the NFL in the months ahead as we prep for Super Bowl 55 leveraging our platform. That is obviously a February 21 event. And to be clear, as a combined company, we absolutely have the financial resources to get a deal done and we do believe it is important to the company and I feel good about getting a deal done. When it gets done? I don't know. We will see. That is really more of the NFL call on timing. With respect to Nickelodeon, if I look at our domestic cable portfolio. Overall, we actually have a pretty solid audience performance, 13 of our networks grew share in Q4 including Comedy, BET, Paramount Networks, Smithsonian. Actually we see sequential improvement Q1 to-date the whole portfolio is up about 4%. Nickelodeon continues to be a work in progress, it is far in a way number one in the space, but that is also why - and we do feel good about the slate of shows coming, but we have pivoted to a multi-platform variance of Nickelodeon, as part of building that brand for the future. That combines, what we are doing in the linear network, what we are doing in our call it over the top space, what we are doing with third-parties and then how we are monetizing that broader audience, including through things like consumer products and for that matter film. So we are really attacking, the Nickelodeon opportunity in a multifaceted way. I feel good about the progress Brian Robbins and his team are making. I feel good about the partnership with Paramount with the next SpongeBob movie coming in Q2. By the way we did a preview of that movie SpongeBob out of water last weekend and people are feeling very good about the film. Obviously the NIC network, and our consumer products team are totally behind it. So Nick has a bright future and finally I would say back to the streaming discussion in our broader pay product, that is a house of brands Nickelodeon is going to feature prominently in that. That is going to be good for the streaming product and it is going to be good for the Nickelodeon brand. Largely - I'm not going to comment on any particular renewal other than to say we have a track record of getting fields done. We have a stronger portfolio than ever, including leverage. We haven't pulled with some of our clients and therefore, I feel good about our position.
Anthony DiClemente: And then Chris.
Christina Spade: Thank you for the follow-up. So for the cable affiliates, the additional thing I will point out is that, what we saw happen in Q4 for cable affiliate trends was similar to what the industry experienced. The other thing I will point out in general that as we look at Viacom and CBS is two separate companies and unifying to ViacomCBS, the pay TV landscape has been a headwind. But when we look at how our quarters will build, Q4 we had a tough quarter, as we head into Q1 and we think through Q2 our momentum will build. So Q1 we are going to see some more of the affiliate headwinds we have experienced. We also will have some timing of licensing considerations and we do, as I alluded to earlier, I have some big shows in Q1 like Star Trek Cards and Homeland that are strongly performing for streaming and Q1. But then as we go towards Q2, we will have the licensing delivery of South Park and momentum will build from there. So again, we will see the full power of ViacomCBS in 2020 and beyond. And I hark in back to Alexia's question that we have strong conviction in the guidance. All of this is contemplated in the guidance and we will see momentum build as we go into 2020 and beyond.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks, Rich. Operator, let's take our next question please.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of John Hodulik with UBS.
John Hodulik: Great, thank you. Just a couple of follow-up to those questions. First I guess for Chris and maybe you just answered it, but the 2020 guidance contemplated an inflection in that U.S. cable affiliate trends. And if so, does it include any new carriage from the virtual distributors? And Any updates there you can provide? And then maybe for Bob, you talked about modest increases in expenses as you launch the new broader D2C platform. I mean, obviously you guys are starting from a different place, but, there has been some real dilution that comes with these types of launches. Any additional color on the size or maybe the categories of spending you might have there? Thanks.
Christina Spade: Thanks John. It is Chris. So for 2020 guidance, we do assume similar to the industry the headwinds continuing, but from the standpoint of our guidance, we are expecting momentum to continue. So relative to what we are seeing back to your [VMDPT] (Ph) question, those deals don't come up until later in the year. So the effect on 2020 will not be that big. It would really be an impact to 2021. And we feel very good about our positioning as we go to look at renewing those deals.
Robert Bakish: Let me add that and then hop to your streaming questions. So look, if you look at the U.S. affiliate landscape, there is no question that ViacomCBS is among, if not the most important supplier to linear. Remember we are number one on every demographic in linear. We have must see content in news, in sports, in entertainment. And we have a model that gets deals done including having a range of partnership leverage, whether that is in advanced ad sales, doing more and more working with them in the broadband space, we started that with Pluto, Comcast just did that with All Access sets up box too. So we have a lot to work with there. There may be winners and losers in the space, but we feel good about taking share and getting deals done. And again, you will see that track out in year we have already had a positive experience with one very large MVPD, who is not a walk in the park and negotiate with. Onto streaming. Two things I would say in relation to your question. One is remember we are in this business today both in free and in the various pay segments we have been putting original content. You look at what All Access did with the Card. So it is not like we are ramping from nowhere. In fact, we are building momentum. And in particularly as we do that and this is definitely from the Pluto side, remember, Pluto is very capital efficient. That is essentially a rev share model, not a invest in content and build it out. So as we launch in places like Latin America, you don't have this big working capital headwind. You have a model that scales with the business. So, I'm very excited about our streaming plan. The financials are absolutely built into the guidance and the incremental capital is modest certainly by standards of what some other folks are doing. 
John Hodulik: Okay thanks.
Robert Bakish: And with that, we are kind of running a little over. So I want to thank you for your questions. In closing, we couldn't be more excited about the road ahead, one where we will continue to unlock the power of this incredible combination, capitalizing on our position is one of the largest content producers and providers in the world. We believe becoming the most important partner in the media ecosystem, creating valuable new businesses. We have the assets, we have the plan, we have the team, we will execute and we will deliver for you. As we do know that we are 100% focused on shareholder value creation, we are committed to providing the transparency and disclosure you need to understand and track the value we are creating. And before I sign off, I also want to thank the employees of ViacomCBS who have brought this company together in under three months and who will power our exciting future.  And thanks to all of you for joining today. Thank you for your support. We look forward to talking to you soon.
Anthony DiClemente: Thank you everyone. That concludes our earnings call.
Operator: Thank you. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-12 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day everyone, and welcome to the CBS Corporation Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Release Teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Anthony Diclemente. Please go ahead. 
Anthony Diclemente: Thank you and good morning everyone and welcome to our third quarter 2019 earnings call. Joining us with today's remarks are, Joe Ianniello, our President and Acting CEO; and Chris Spade, our Chief Financial Officer. Following Joe and Chris' remarks, we will open the call up to questions. Please note that during today's conference call, results will be discussed on an adjusted basis unless otherwise specified. Reconciliations to non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found in our earnings release or on our website. Also note that statements on this conference call relating to matters, which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's SEC filings. In connection with the pending merger with Viacom Inc., CBS has filed a registration statement on Form S-4, which was declared effective by SEC on October 25th that contains important information regarding the transaction. Todays remarks do not constitute an offer to buy or sell or the solicitation of any offer to buy or sell any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval.  A webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can also be found on the Investor Relations section of our website at cbsorporation.com. And before we begin, I want to note that the focus of this mornings call is to discuss CBS Corporations standalone financial results.  And with that, I'll turn the call over to Joe.
Joe Ianniello: Thank you, Anthony, and good morning everyone. I am pleased you can join us today. Before we discuss our third quarter results, I want to give you an update on our merger with Viacom.  As you may have heard, our S-4 has been declared effective and we are on track to close in just a few weeks. In the mean time, we continue to announce a number of key leadership positions for ViacomCBS including the people who will oversee ad sales, affiliate revenue, and content licensing, as well as our top programming and digital executives and we remain fully focused on integrating these two great companies.  As we head into the merger, I am very pleased with the way we have positioned CBS to thrive in its ever-changing media landscape. We have proven, we know how to strategically invest in the right content, on the right platforms to drive growth and the company will reap the benefits going forward.  Our front-loaded content investment is the key reason we are driving sustained revenue growth across direct-to-consumer, content licensing, advertising and our linear distribution revenue.  And in terms of dollars, the biggest increase during the third quarter came from a revenue source thats been at the forefront of our growth plan, retrans, reverse comp and virtual MVPDs which were up 18% despite CBS being off the air with AT&T for more than 20% of the quarter.  And now, as a result of our new carriage deals, our retrains revenue will accelerate here in the fourth quarter, plus about 50% of our retrans footprint and about 30% of our reverse comp footprint are coming up for renewal next year, which means, we will have another strong year of healthy gains from retrans and reverse comp in 2020, as we continue to reset the value of our content to current market rates.  Our programming investment is also driving dramatic growth in another key part of our strategy, direct-to-consumer. D2C revenue was up over 39% for both the quarter and year-to-date as consumers shift from traditional bundles to skinnier bundles to CBS All Access and to Showtime OTT, we are getting paid higher rates per sub. Our rapid growth in direct-to-consumer means that our total subs are growing as well.  Even with the headwinds of the traditional MVPD business, when you include subs from virtual MVPDs and our direct-to-consumer platforms, our overall subs at CBS and Showtime grew 4% year-over-year, which means consumers are actively seeking out our content as they select the platform of their choices.  Our programming investment is also setting us up for growth in content licensing in a world where other studios are pulling back from the marketplace creating a scarcity of premium content, we will have an opportunity to determine how to best maximize the value of each of our content franchises.  So, we are growing our lucrative programming library and we can unlock the value of that programming when we think its optimal. We now have more than 1,000 episodes of CBS and Showtime content that we have not yet monetized from the lights of Ray Donovan and The Affair to Seal Team and MacGyver, as well as shows that we have not yet fully monetized including our global hit franchise and CIS.  So we are sitting in an enviable position as this opportunity only gets bigger for us at the same time, we continue to ramp up our production output. We are currently creating an all-time high of 94 shows, up 20% from a year ago and thats up more than a 120% from what we did just five years ago.  So we are adding intellectual property to our content pipeline, which gives us even more strategic windowing opportunities in the years to come.  Meanwhile, our base business continues to be strong and stable. Our underlying network advertising revenue was up 2% for the quarter and 2% year-to-date as well.  And the momentum continues here in the fourth quarter with strong scatter pricing and steady advertiser demand, which bodes very well for us as we close out the year and head into 2020 and thats thanks to the CBS Television Network, which is having another great start to the season.  We have the number one drama in NCIS, the number one comedy in Young Sheldon, and five of the top eight new shows on television, meaning, we will benefit from all five of our refreshment series into the future and even better is we have ownership in four of the five new shows and in more than 85% of our entire primetime schedule, which in turn will lead to more licensing revenue.  So, with our balanced schedule of new and established hits throughout the week, we can already predict that CBS will finish the season in May of 2020 as Americas most watched network for the 12th consecutive year. We will also finish the year number one in late-night yet again and we are very pleased to have reached multi-year contract renewals with both Stephen Colbert and James Corden.  Stephen and James have become the two most powerful voices in late-night and we now have them at CBS for years to come. There is no secret that the ways in which people are viewing content have changed, they are watching programming on their own time, on the platforms of their choice and outside their homes and we are changing the business model to capture all of this on-demand multi-platform viewing.  In one major example, starting next September, Nielsens measurement of out-of-home viewing will be included in our ratings. So we will have an opportunity to monetize this viewing for the very first time. The NFL offers a great example here. Nine weeks into the season, the NFL on CBS is off to a strong start, up 6% year-to-date.  When you factor in out-of-home viewing, we get an additional 11% lift to that increase and while sports is an obvious beneficiary, we are also seeing increases in out-of-home ratings in our prime time, day time and news programming, which we will begin monetizing next fall and at CBS News, our emphasis on quality reporting is leading to additional opportunities as well.  For example, because CBS News programming travels well around the world, there is significant opportunity for us to grow our international revenue.  And moving the CBS evening news to Washington D.C., just as the political season kicks into high gear will help create premium content that we can monetize well beyond ratings. This programming will also help feed CBSN which leads to incremental digital advertising, as well as subscription revenue as a complement to CBS All Access. CBSN is already on a number of platforms including Pluto, and I am pleased to announce today that we have a deal in place with Viacom to add more AVOD channels on Pluto starting tomorrow and we continue to look at our content to see how we can expand our reach of our CBS properties on a growing number of platforms.  Next, I am going to take a minute to talk about the programming and our direct-to-consumer services, CBS All Access and Showtime OTT. This is a revenue stream that represents one of the biggest growth opportunities. Each time we add content to these services, we are accelerating our growth, reaching new viewers and reducing the number of customers who pause their subscriptions.  This progress was demonstrated during the third quarter in a number of ways. First, we launched a new original series on All Access, Why Women Kill starting Lucy Liu, which was just renewed for a second season and helped drive subs for us during the quarter.  Next, we had a summer reality show, Love Island, which launched on the CBS Television Network and attracted a much younger audience on All Access where more than a third of the viewers binge the show. So this represents an example of our ability to expand our reach across multiple platforms.  In addition, combined streams from the NFL and the SEC are up nearly 60% over last years strong growth. All of these things, along with the premier of our new full schedule on the CBS Network helped make September the third highest month for new subs in the 60 months since we launched All Access.  Meanwhile, the momentum continues here in the fourth quarter as we broaden our reach by adding childrens programming to All Access and the production is nearly complete for four more All Access originals coming in 2020 including the highly anticipated Star Trek Picard, the prime drama, Interrogation and The Stand based on Stephen Kings bestselling novel, and the investments we are making this year on these premium shows will fuel our subscriber growth on All Access next year and beyond.  We are also very excited about a new development for All Access. We will now have exclusive, live marquee sports for the very first time. The UEFA Champions League including UEFA Europa League and the newly created UEFA European Conference League will be coming to CBS and CBS sports platforms with all matches available on All Access and select games airing on broadcast. We will now have more than 400 matches per year spanning nine months across the calendar.  Soccer fans know these rights represent some of the most prestigious and popular soccer tournaments in the world that we couldnt be more pleased that we won this hotly contested process. We are currently finalizing contracts for this multi-year deal and we will be releasing more details in the coming weeks.  So, with over 10,000 episodes of library content, catch-up viewing from the most watched television network, a live stream of your local news and syndicated content, big tempo sporting events, and a growing slate of premium original series, All Access has something for everyone and it continues to differentiate itself by offering this unique value proposition to consumers.  Like All Access, our strategy of adding more programming is also paying off at Showtime. During the third quarter, we launched three new critically acclaimed series, The Loudest Voice, City on a Hill and On Becoming a God in Central Florida. And these original series are helping drive sub growth at Showtime OTT and there is more to come with big programming line-up that rolls right into next year. Here in the fourth quarter, we have Shameless, Ray Donovan and a brand new version of The L Word. And in 2020, we have a number of new shows with lots of star power including Penny Dreadful, City of Angels, starring Nathan Lane, The Good Lord Bird starring Ethan Hawke and Your Honor, starring Bryan Cranston with such a strong programming slate, we expect continued strong growth on Showtime OTT in the months ahead.  Turning to Local Media, while political spending wont really kick in until next year, our Boston Stations are already receiving orders for the New Hampshire Primary in February and our TV stations in Los Angeles, San Francisco and Sacramento will all benefit in Q1 from the California Primary moving from June to Super Tuesday in March, plus, by early next year, we will have our local versions of CBSN in all the major CBS markets where we have local news operations.  So we can benefit from a more robust, multi-platform approach as we head into the next election cycle. As we said before, we expect 2020 to be a record-setting year for political ad sales.  In Publishing, Simon & Schuster continues to create great content that inspires programming for our other businesses as well. This includes the bestselling book, Three Women by Lisa Taddeo, which was recently picked up as a series by Showtime and we have a strong publishing line-up here in Q4 including the new edition of the Joy of Cooking being released today, just in time to help all of us prepare our Thanksgiving meals. So, across our company, we are focused on creating and distributing premium must have content. And as you have seen, we have a strong and consistent track record of monetizing that content in ways that generate incremental revenue and position us for long-term success. We were pioneers in achieving fair value for broadcasters in retrans and reverse comp. We were an early entrant in direct-to-consumer by launching CBS All Access and Showtime OTT.  We were leaders in working with Madison Avenue to fully measure and monetize all viewership and we strategically exported our shows to create global content franchises that resonate with viewers around the world.  Whats most exciting is, how we have evolved our traditional businesses by embracing changes in technology and consumer habits and as a result, we have grown CBS into a preeminent, global multi-platform premium content company.  Id like to take a moment to thank all of our hardworking and dedicated CBS employees. Day in and day out they execute and deliver the success we continue to see at our great company. I am very proud of all that we have accomplished and as always, we will keep our eye on the future.  So, as we prepare to close our deal with Viacom, we view this as a new beginning, a way to take all of our CBS growth opportunities and make them even bigger.  With that, I will turn the call over to Chris. 
Christina Spade: Thank you, Jo and good morning everyone. As you heard, our strategy of increasing our investment in premium content continues to fuel our success. We are driving revenue growth in retrans and reverse comp, direct-to-consumer and content licensing. As a result, we continue to strengthen our business model by diversifying our revenue mix. And with our proven record of creating hit shows, and monetizing them across platforms and around the world, we are poised for continued growth as the media landscape continues to evolve.  Now let me tell you more about our third quarter results. Revenue of $3.3 billion grew 1% from last year when we had record political spending. As you heard, the results were also affected by the temporary impacts of a 19-day carriage dispute with one of our distributors. Combined, these two items affected our revenue growth by two points. Even so, we delivered record revenue for the quarter.  With regard to our three key revenue sources, affiliate and subscription fees were up 12%, driven by healthy increases in revenue from retrans, reverse comp, virtual MVPDs and direct-to-consumer. As a result, affiliate and subscription fees represented 34% of our overall revenue during the quarter reflecting our more diversified business model.  In addition, our direct-to-consumer subs continue to grow strongly and were up 62% and as we continue to add more original content, retention rates are increasing and churn rates are declining.  Next, content licensing and distribution revenue increased 1%, mainly due to higher sales for the third-party platform including season two of Insatiable, which dropped on NetFlix last month. By producing more programming for third parties, as well as for our own platforms, we are adding to our library of programming that we can monetize in the years to come.  Advertising was down 7% from last year when we had record political spending. As you heard, underlying network advertising was up 2% for the quarter and 2% year-to-date. And digital advertising for network content across platforms grew 19%.  Operating income for the third quarter of 2019 was $581 million, compared to $736 million last year, which included an increase in non-sports programming of more than 20% and our operating income margin was 18% which is relatively steady with the first half of the year and in line with expectations contemplated in our long-range guidance. EPS for the third quarter came in at $0.95, compared with $1.24 in Q3 of 2018.  On a year-to-date basis, our results are very strong. Revenue for the first nine months of the year increased 7% to $11.3 billion with growth across our key revenue sources. Advertising was up 7%, content licensing and distribution was up 3% and affiliate and subscription fee revenue was up 13%. Operating income for the first nine months of 2019 was $2.1 billion, compared with $2.2 billion in 2018.  Year-to-date, we have aired 40% more hours of original programming on Showtime and 48% more hours of original programming on CBS Alaska and we will reap the benefits of these investments well into the future and EPS for the first nine months of 2019 was $3.47, compared with $3.70 last year.  Now, lets turn to the quarterly performance of our operating segments. Entertainment revenue was up 4% to $2.3 billion. The increase was driven by strong growth in affiliate and subscription fee revenue which was up 22% reflecting solid gains in reverse comps and subscriber growth at CBS All Access. Content Licensing grew 7%, as we continue to see the benefits of our increased production output and licensing to third-party platforms.  Advertising revenues declined 5% as a result of the move of the PGA Championship to Q2 from Q3 as well as the temporary impacts of our carriage dispute.  Entertainment operating income for the third quarter decreased to $302 million, which reflects the execution of our programming strategy. In our Cable Network segment, revenue grew 6% to $563 million fueled by increases in Showtime OTT.  And as you heard, we launched three new original series during the quarter, City on a Hill, The Loudest Voice and On Becoming a God in Central Florida, which contributed to the growth.  Cable Networks operating income decreased to $196 million, driven by our content investments including over 60% more hours of original programming in this years third quarter, versus Q3 of 2018. And for the quarter, Cable Networks operating income margin was a healthy 35% and on a nine month basis for 2019, it was 33%.  Turning to Publishing, third quarter revenue was $217 million compared with $240 million a year ago when we had the record-breaking Simon & Schuster titled Fear by Bob Woodward which sold more than a million copies in its first week alone. For this years third quarter, bestselling titles included The Institute by Stephen King, and The Book of Gutsy Women by Hillary and Chelsea Clinton.  Publishing operating income for the third quarter increased 2% to $52 million driven by lower production costs. In Local Media, third quarter revenue decreased 6% to $406 million from Q3 of 2018 when we had record political ad sales. This segment was also temporarily affected by our carriage dispute. At the same time, retrans continues to be a strong growth driver for this business. Our Local Media operating income for the quarter decreased $96 million, mainly as a result of the decline in high margin political dollars.  Turning to free cash flow, for the first nine months of the year, free cash flow was $247 million, compared with $1.1 billion in 2018. The decrease was mainly driven by two items, our higher programming investments, and a one-time cash tax payment of $260 million from the second quarter.  We had consistently said that the highest and best use of our cash is to invest in our premium content and our direct-to-consumer platforms. This is a key part of our long-term growth plan.  Year-to-date, we have invested about 20% more in programming compared to last year in accordance with the strategic plans. Although while we have reduced our debt and improved our leverage ratio, so our balance sheet remains strong.  We have also grown our revenue and accelerated the growth of our direct-to-consumer platform, which is our biggest growth opportunity and we achieved all of this while creating valuable programming assets that we can monetize for years to come.  Now let me tell you what we see ahead for the CBS Corporation. At our Local Media segment, non-political revenue was pacing the mid-single-digits. At the CBS Television Network, Scatter is up more than 30% from upfront pricing here in the fourth quarter and we are seeing strong increases in all entertainment and news day parts.  In addition, demand for our brand-enhancing digital content remains very strong in Q4 scatter. Advertisers and viewers alike are attracted to our strong direct-to-consumer platform led by CBS All Access, CBSN and CBS Sports HQ which has fueled significant year-over-year volume growth.  Tech and pharma are our strongest categories and while its early, we have seen the beginnings of what we believe will be a very hot political market.  So, overall we expect a strong finish to what is shaping up to be a record year of growth in advertising.  In Content Licensing, we continue to add to our programming library and we have a lot of flexibility in the ways that we can monetize it. As you heard, we now have more than 1,000 episodes of premium CBS and Showtime content that we have not yet licensed, which gives us a big opportunity as our peers pull back from the market.  In addition, we are now creating 94 shows which is more 18 than last year including in a number of new hits for CBS, Showtime, CBS All Access, and the CW.  And almost 20% of these shows are for third-party platforms which is another lucrative source of licensing revenue, plus with production well underway on a number of new original series including nearly 70 episodes on the shows thats launched in 2020 on CBS Alaska and Showtime, we are making programming investments this year that will pay-off for us next year and into the future.  Affiliate and subscription fees continue to grow strongly across the board and here too we are set up for continued success. As we renegotiate deals that recognize the fair value of our content, we are on track to reach our target of $2.5 billion in retrans and reverse comp revenue in 2020.  And as we continue to accelerate the growth of our direct-to-consumer services with our investment in premium content, we are also confident we will reach 25 million subscribers combined on CBS All Access and Showtime OTT in 2022.  In summary, for the first nine months of the year, we have achieved record revenue for the CBS Corporation. We believe our disciplined approach to investing in more premium content to grow for the long-term while also maintaining a healthy margin and strong balance sheet is a prudent strategy for future success.  We are positioning CBS and ultimately now ViacomCBS for continued growth across our key revenue streams, in advertising, content licensing, and affiliate and subscription fees and we are set up for particularly strong growth in our biggest revenue opportunity, our direct-to-consumer services.  All of this bodes extremely well for us as we enter into our merger with Viacom, which as Joe said will enhance our growth prospects, so that we can further compete in this rapidly changing media landscape. During our February 2020 call, which will be our first call as ViacomCBS, we will be giving you pro forma guidance for 2020. In the mean time, we look forward to closing our transformational deal with Viacom early next month. And with that, Matt, we can open the line for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Ben Swinburne : Thanks, good morning. I want to hear from you guys a little bit more about the content investment strategy and plans looking forward. One of the things that in the S-4 forecast kind of brought to lie is how much you are investing back in the business. And you talked a bit about it in your prepared remarks, but I just wanted to give you a chance to talk a little bit more about where that money is being directed?  How you think about producing content for your own platform for the third-parties? And maybe most importantly, Joe, how you think about monetizing it? Because, you are obviously ramping production quite a bit across a lot of the different businesses at CBS, but I think it would be important to help us think about how you view ultimately earning attractive return on that.  And then, I would just like to add as a follow-up that related on the sports side of the Champions League decision was really interesting. How do you think about getting bigger in sports either on the digital or how you think about sports rights on digital versus linear platforms as you look out over the next kind of three to five years? So, its really a contact question, but touching on Entertainment and Sports. 
Joe Ianniello: Yes, I got it, Ben. Look, I think our investment, I mean, we really view it as kind of success-based CapEx. So, as you see, weve been ramping up the spend, just use  as a parameter, we had a zero originals on a few years ago. We didnt go from zero to 11, we went from zero to three to seven to 11. So, weve really seen the proof points along the way that justify that investment. We are seeing much higher usage rates.  We are seeing when folks come to the service for an original and view two to originals, the retention rate is significantly higher. So, we look at that and that investment is driving value, not just on D2C, but obviously on advertising, as well  as well as content licensing. I think you make the point that we can monetize these things down the road.  We like to think about it  we call it strategic windowing. So we have the content on All Access. Youve seen us view that with a Good Fight, youve seen the season one come to the CBS Broadcast Network in this summer. So we are really trying to be strategic to drive more subscribers to the direct-to-consumer services.  And like I said, the same applies really for Showtime. So, on the Entertainment side, again, the investment spend is our best and highest use and we continue to validate that with every proof point. On the sports side, we are really excited about this opportunity.  I think one of the reasons we won these rights was really because that we had digital and broadcast, because what we will do is, we will take certain matches kind of the championships, if you will, the play-offs, and air those on the CBS Broadcast Network which has the massive reach. So that was very important to the leagues  the league for our bid.  So, I think, where you can have the volume and we are talking about over 400 games over a nine month season, it just its a lot of games, a lot of volume. We think its going to reduce churn. We think it drives subscribers. There are loyal fans.  It is obviously the most popular sport in the world. So, we are going to continue to drive and make these prudent investments, because again, we are seeing the returns and we want to stay focused on being smart about that. 
Christina Spade: Hi, Ben its Chris. 
Ben Swinburne : Thanks, Joe.
Christina Spade: To that, I would just add the key word there that Joe said is prudent investment. So, again, its about the proof points leaning into what we see its also doing it in a way that we can spend our cash flow in a smart way and sustain our investment-grade rating. 
Ben Swinburne : Thank you both.
Anthony Diclemente : Thanks, Ben. Operator, we will take our next question please.
Operator: Certainly. And your next question will come from Jessica Reif Ehrlich with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. 
Jessica Ehrlich : Thank you. I have  I will ask both of my questions now. You have an unusually large amount of retrans and reverse comp deals coming up in the next year. I think, with the some of the deals coming up or longer term deals which implies they are underpriced in todays markets, so can you talk about your approach to the next set of negotiations including potentially bundling with Viacoms channels?  And the second question is, now that you have announced all these management changes for the new company, on advertising, youve put everything under Jo Ann Ross. So she is probably the most experienced and respected advertising executive in the U.S. today. Can you talk about how your approach will be different with a larger portfolio of assets?
Joe Ianniello: Sure. Thanks, Jessica. In retrans reverse comp, thats right, as I said in my prepared remarks on the retrans side, we have about 50% of our footprint and on the reverse comp side about 30% and really just timing. We do have one in particular deal that was longer-term that has to be reset. But its really to current market rates.  So, we dont  we never negotiate deals as percentage increases. We negotiate deals in terms of dollars and cents. And I think, all of our distribution partners know what the current fair market value rate that we are getting for retrans. So, I dont think that should be any surprise. But again, thats why we think its going to be another strong year for retrans and reverse compensation.  And Id add that even looking beyond that, we still have ways to go to get paid for the value we are bringing. I think we offer a significant value to our distribution partners, because we are the largest network out there. And so, we think its really a win-win relationship.  As far as the management changes, I mean, youve seen them we couldnt agree more. We think, Jo Ann is the best ad sales executive in the business. She is going to look at the entire portfolio and the massive reach that the ViacomCBS portfolio brings to our clients and we would expect to be paid fair market value for that and Jo Ann is going to deliver on that. 
Anthony Diclemente : Great. Thanks, Jessica. Operator, we will take our next question please.
Operator: And next we will hear from Alexia Quadrani with JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Alexia Quadrani : Thank you so much. My question is really also on the renewals coming up on the expiration of a 10-year deal with Comcast. I am assuming thats further one for next year. And I believe that agreement includes Showtime.  I guess, given the challenges of carrying another premium Cable Network right now with Comcast, I guess, how should we think about this negotiation in terms of what it means for Showtime? And then, just my follow-up is really, you mentioned Nielsens change in ratings next year. I am curious if you have any sense on how great a benefit that might be for advertising for you guys? 
Joe Ianniello: Yes. Sure, Alexia. I appreciate it. You are right. We do have an agreement coming up with Comcast next year and Showtime is part of that. Our approach, as we said previously, will be the same. I dont believe all content is created equal where you can interchange shows for people, people, again, as we see seek out the content they want, again, I look at the track record of Showtime and the quality content they have on the air, as well as the CBS Television Network.  So, again, I think the approach is the same and weve been successful with every other distributor getting paid fair market value. So we would fully expect the same.  As far as Nielsen, so when the next broadcast season starts, we will finally have out-of-home. It is a significant lift in ratings. For example, the Super Bowl had an over 10% lift and that means, thats over 11 million people watch that were not in the rating. So, having that Local - National News is also another one.  Believe it or not, day time content is also a big lift. So, people are watching as weve said on their own time wherever they are and that is a convenience. And so, we are very excited and kind of overdo to have Nielsen have this in the measurements for the currency where Jo Ann and her team can finally monetize. So, stay tuned as we go into the upfront next May. 
Joe Ianniello: Thank you, Alexia. 
Alexia Quadrani : Thank you very much. 
Anthony Diclemente : Thanks Alexia. Operator, we will take our next question please.
Operator: Thank you. We will now hear from Michael Morris with Guggenheim. Please go ahead. 
Michael Morris: Thank you. Good morning. A couple topics. First, can you just talk about how demand is in the third-party market right now for your off-network content? It seems to be maturing of course, but domestically and we dont have much visibility internationally.  So if you could share that? And also talk about kind of the incremental demand that we are expecting or that you are expecting from the third-party services, the streaming services as companies like Disney or Warner pool there is back.  Are you starting to have those discussions in terms of making product available? And then just, on All Access, could you share any updated details on kind of the mix of consumption or Joe, you talked about the NFL and SEC streams being up 60%. How is live sports comparing to your premium content comparing to catch-up viewing? Wondering if there has been any evolution there? Thanks. 
Joe Ianniello: Yes. Sure, Mike. Look, demand continues to be strong. Lets break it down between domestic and international as you suggest. International was steady. I think, we have proven global hits that resonate around the world. Clearly, the streaming players, there are new ones coming in. I think the existing platforms are certainly going to want to see that consumption. I think, if you looked at the data for the U.S. streaming players, I think you will see a lot of consumption on kind of off-net shows. But as important, the entire cable marketplace relies on proven hit shows. I mean, again, part of their budgets or acquisitions, because thats where most of the ratings points are coming from, so for their business model.  So, we think there is actually going to be a resurgence from lots of Cable Nets for the beach front content that we produce. So, what we are doing is, we are trying to be strategic and really pause as we close our deal with Viacom to really think about how should we approach the marketplace. So, like I said, I think the opportunities only grow from here.  But I would say, demand for international, steady and strong, U.S., changing and we are pulling back for a moment as we see it really settles and making sure we are not underselling any of our content.  For All Access, I think, the mix is, I mean, I said it in my remarks is, kind of everybody comes for a different reason, but what we are seeing is the folks who come for originals stay longer. The live event  live television is also a differentiator for us. So the two drivers are really originals and live television.  All Access, by the way is the only service that has live television in news and sports on air, because we reached the deals with our affiliates that we have locked in for multi-years. So, we are the only network that has been able to figure out a model thats a win-win. And so, its really driving the consumption and then thats where you are going to see, I think, the kids product and all of our catch-up viewing and library.  So, we only keep some in the system and reducing what we call churn, because, we used to use that word churn, because people would switch. But now, its actually should be called, we said pause, because its what we call easy on, easy off. So its easy to come in and out of these subscription services. So what we are trying to do is, make sure we have these subscribers year around which just really improves the lifetime value of that subscriber.  So our focus is really always on that lifetime value, the revenue that we can get from each subscriber. And we are seeing that. And thats why we are making these investments in these originals and sports. So, they are very targeted on those investments. 
Michael Morris: Great. Thank you, Joe. 
Anthony Diclemente : Thanks Mike. Operator, we have time for one last question.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our final question from Laura Martin with Needham. Please go ahead. 
Laura Martin: Hey, there Joe. I just wanted to follow-up on a lot of streaming data. Could you talk about, if I am doing the numbers right, it sounds like, you might have 13 million subs that you are up 4% and we know that the TV ecosystem is shrinking. So, Id love your comments on whether that number sounds right for the two combined streaming services?  And then, one of the things that a lot of your competitors are doing now is bundling and time. Have you thought about making it less easy to actually turn off and turn on the system? And so, you dont have this issue of pausing. Youve locked people in maybe with a price discount or with some other asset that CBS offers?  And then, finally, just on, as we think about integrating with Pluto, did I hear you right, it sounds like maybe you are going to launch some new free services that we havent heard about yet on the Pluto platform. Did I hear that right? Thanks. 
Joe Ianniello: Yes. Look, I think, stay tuned for more  thanks, Laura. Stay tuned for more announcements as we are getting CBS content on to Pluto. We said starting tomorrow, you will see some of that and you will see more of that in the coming weeks. So, we are focused on doing that and its win-win, because its greater distribution. Its the top of funnel like wed like to say.  So, its really additive. It could be the  making it more difficult for people to unsubscribe. Certainly, I am sure lots of media companies thought about it. But I mean, in current marketplace its really again the consumer is in control and so, we are really earning a business based on the content investment that we make in it. And so, we think they are going to want to subscribe.  We think the content is going to be compelling at a price point thats really has a high value utility to them. The 4%, I should actually clarify that. I was adding in the traditional MVPD subs that we have in Showtime and All Acces, the traditional business, as well as direct-to-consumer and as well as virtual MVPDs. So, Laura, that number is just 4%, just so you are clear, not 13 million, its over 16 million. 
Laura Martin: Oh, wow. 
Joe Ianniello: So thats overall subs. So, why we think thats important, because there is a lot of headwinds in the traditional business and our point is, when you factor all of that in, we are growing subs. And so, because obviously, the direct-to-consumer will be growing it, but if you are losing it in a traditional business, its offsetting.  So, thats why we thought that statistic was meaningful that consumers are seeking out our content on other platforms which bodes well for our future. Thanks. 
Laura Martin: Right, right. Thanks. 
Anthony Diclemente : Thank you, both. Thanks everybody for joining us and with that, this concludes todays earnings call. 
Operator: And once again, that does conclude the call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-08 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to today's CBS Corporation Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. And at this time, I'd like to turn things over to Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Anthony Diclemente.
Anthony Diclemente: Good afternoon everyone and welcome to our second quarter 2019 earnings call. Joining us with today's remarks are Joe Ianniello, our President and Acting CEO; Jo Ann Ross, our Chief Advertising Revenue Officer; and Chris Spade, our Chief Financial Officer. Following Joe, Jo Ann and Chris' remarks, we will open the call up to questions. Please note that during today's conference call results will be discussed on an adjusted basis unless otherwise specified. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found in our earnings release or on our website also note that statements on this conference call relating to matters, which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's SEC filings. A webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can also be found on the Investor Relations section of our website at cbsorporation.com. Before we begin, I want to note that the purpose of today's call is to discuss our second quarter operational and financial results, and we will not be commenting on speculation regarding M&A. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Joe.
Joe Ianniello: Thank you. Anthony, and good afternoon everyone. Today, I'm going to give you an overview of our strong quarterly performance and touch on the key highlights across our operations. Then as Anthony just mentioned, you'll hear from Jo Ann Ross, our Chief Advertising Revenue Officer. Jo Ann will talk about the state of the advertising marketplace and give you some color about our most recent upfront. And then Chris will give you more details about our financial results. As you saw in our release, CBS delivered double-digit revenue growth during the second quarter with solid increases across all three key revenue types. Advertising was up 7% with strong underlying network performance. Content licensing was up 12% driven by sales from our domestic library and affiliate and subscription fee for up 13% fueled by growth in retrans and reverse comp, as well as increases in our direct to consumer streaming services CBS All Access and Showtime. And on a year-to-date basis, our growth story is just as strong. These revenue increases are driven by our investment in premium content, which we continue to accelerate. Every decision we make is designed to build upon our position as a global multi-platform premium content company. CBS is now producing 89 shows up from 70 shows just a year ago. That's a 27% increase. As we create more and more content, we are monetizing its value using a two-pronged approach. The first approach is to produce more shows for our own platforms, particularly our direct to consumer services this investment helped drive a 17% increase in total OTT subs from last year's second quarter, representing an acceleration over the sub growth we posted in Q1. And the second approach we are using to monetize the value of our content is to take advantage of an increasingly lucrative licensing marketplace. CBS has become one of the most prolific content producers in the business with series like Dead to Me, one of the top shows on Netflix the much buzz about BH 90210 which just premiered on Fox last night and a new version of Kids Say the Darnest Things, which we producing for ABC. So, by increasing the amount of programming we're creating for our own content brands, while also selling our shows to third parties we are operating at a sweet spot in the industry and setting ourselves up for continued long-term growth. Now, let me tell you how that content is fueling our success across our businesses, starting with the biggest platform in media, the CBS Television Network which last month, received 44 Emmy nominations 10 more than a year ago. And as you'll hear from Jo Ann, CBS has a long track record as the most-watched network in America. We have 16 strong and established hits returning this fall and we will use this stability to launched five new series that we will be premiering on just two nights. This means we can be very efficient in our marketing approach. In addition, we will have ownership in more than 85% of our full-lineup, which is more than we own last year and our studio is already developing promising new shows for CBS's 2020 broadcast season as well. Turning to sports, we're just a month away from the return of the NFL, as usual Sean McManus and his team have worked closely with a lead to construct the schedule that we feel very good about, including a rematch of last year's over time AFC championship game between the New England Patriots and the Kansas City Chiefs and we are already planning for our next Super Bowl, which will be airing on CBS again in just 18 months. Meanwhile, Susan Zirinsky has welcomed in a new day at CBS News, quality, broadcast, journalism is the surest way to success and we feel very good about the road ahead as Susan and her team continue to make that happen on a daily basis. Just as importantly, Susan and CBS Interactive continue to collaborate to grow CBSN which is now averaging more than 1 million streams per day and where our average viewers median age is just 37-years-old. Speaking of digital, CBS All Access continues to grow quickly by becoming a very compelling consumer proposition. It offers all our premium content in news, sports, and entertainment and expanding slate of original series, live local television, catch up viewing in a broad 12,000 our library of content streaming on virtually all devices. The vast majority of our All Access viewers or in the 18 to 49 demo. So, as All Access consumption increases, we are reaching younger consumers all the time. Another good data point we've seen is time spent on All Access, which is up over 60% and growing even faster than total streams and it's mostly as a result of adding more original series and we're giving our subscribers more high-profile originals, from the debut of next week's committed Drama Why Women Kill to the second new Star Trek series, Star Trek Picard to two big named projects we recently picked up the same, which is based on a book from the best-selling Simon & Schuster author Stephen King and the man who felt to from outskirts, who oversees the Star Trek franchise for us. And today I'm pleased to announce that we are broadening our reach to add kids programing to All Access, later this year All Access will begin rolling out 1,000 episodes of library programming and new original seasons of danger mouse and cloudy with the chance of meatballs, so now our subscribers children will have premium content to watch too. At Showtime we're also accelerating our investment in content this year with about 40% more original programing than we had in 2018. Much of that programming is coming here in the back half of 2019. This includes the premiere of two dark comedies, Back To Life and On Becoming a Guard in Central Florida, which is executive produced by George Clooney. And we have several of our fan favorites coming up too including the Affair, Shameless, Kitting and Ray Donovan as well as the highly anticipated return of the groundbreaking series The L Word. Like All Access, our programming investment is driving significant growth on our Showtime OTT platform. In fact, this year ShowTime second largest source of distribution revenue is pacing to be broadband, surpassing telco and satellite and only behind cable. Showtime OTT is proving to be attractive to the growing number of broadband only households, which are often younger viewers as well. And like All Access, ShowTime subscribers are also viewing more and more content over the top, with time spent approximately 30% this year. Turning to publishing. Simon & Schuster continues to grow on the strength of its content and there's more to come later this year, with new titles from some of our best-selling authors including Stephen King and Vince Flynn, as well as the father-son team of Nielsen and Alex to mill and the mother daughter duo of Hillary and Chelsea point. In local Media we are ramping up our investment in direct to consumer by launching new local versions of our digital news network CBSN. We have already successfully launched in New York and Los Angeles. And by early next year, we plan to have local versions of CBSN in all 13 major markets where we have News Operations. This will enable us to have a more robust multiplatform approach by the time the next election cycle really gets going. So we can fully capitalize on what we expect will be a record year for political spending. Now, before I turn the call over to Jo Ann, I want to touch on an important announcement you've likely heard about this morning. And that is our new powered agreement deal with AT&T, we are very pleased to have achieved an agreement that recognizes what CBS brings to the table. We have now successfully completed three very significant carriage deals one with AT&T, one with Altice, and one with Nexstar in the span of less than two weeks. As a result, we remain solidly on track to achieve the retrans and reverse comp targets we laid out for you previously. So we had a strong first half of 2019 and we have many clear proof points that our strategy is working. We are growing our retrans and reverse comp. We are accelerating the growth of our direct to consumer businesses. We are pursuing new opportunities in audience monetization and we are expanding in the international marketplace, where we see our biggest opportunity over time, particularly in direct to consumer. And all of this is driven by our investment in must-have premium content. So, now as advertised your [indiscernible] I'd like to turn the call over to the Dean of Advertising, Jo Ann Ross, take it away Jo Ann.
Jo Ann Ross: Thank you, Joe. Hello, everyone, I'm happy to be here to discuss the health of our advertising business. We are in a great run in 2019. And that reflects the strength of our ad sales team, which is the best in the business. We have integrated digital and network into every negotiation, which was a big transformation and now we're reaping the benefits. Going into each sale fully aligned has enabled us to bring the full power of our multiplatform Company to the marketplace. And you are seeing the results of that today. Our team drove impressive results both in the quarter and in the upfront, which folds well for the new season, thanks to the power of our number one primetime schedule, the CBS Television Network, our robust scatter market in the second quarter with healthy premiums above upfront rate. This helped to drive underlying network advertising revenue up 3% during the quarter, an acceleration from Q1 when it grew 1%. The momentum continues as we gear up to launch our new fall schedule. We had remarkable client interest and excitement about our new lineup, resulting in a very strong, up from sales performance for the 1920 television season. CPM increases across the network schedule were substantial. It was the strongest upfront , we've seen in recent years, most notably in prime time and late-night. We are really pleased with the results and believe that our rock solid performance was driven by several key factors. The first was our loyal viewership. CBS finished the 18-19 season as the ratings leader to be a 11th consecutive year. We anticipate CBS being number one again in the upcoming season. The second was our strong schedule. Marketers and agencies understand the value of our premium brand safe content and as I mentioned earlier, they are bullish on the direction of our new dramas and comedies and the returning favorites that we presented. Strong daypart growth was another significant contributor and our upfront performance. Prime time and late-night led the way and CPM rate of change boosted by our long winning streak in primetime and the rise of Stephen Colbert to is number one position in late-night. Stevens dominance which included winning the key 18 to 49 demo drove new advertisers and categories to that daypart and sports news in daytime showed solid growth as well. Healthy category growth is also a factor. We saw year-over-year increases in almost every category during this upfront. CBS remains an important investment for pharma, financial, insurance until companies in late-night retail QSR and auto were especially strong. Brands and emerging categories such as direct to consumer companies like chile.com, pellet time, Uber Eats and others are turning to television advertising more than ever using the unparalleled reach of broadcast to drive awareness and sales. The immediate and significant sales lift these brands have seen from their growing scatter investments for CBS has led to more robust planning and spending in the upfront. And another driver for us, digital. Digital sales in this year's upfront shows significant pricing increases from 2018 levels. Thanks to our leadership position and OTT, we are seeing is greater share of premium digital video budgets than ever before. Our direct consumer offerings including CBS All Access CBS.com CBSN and many of our other sites are giving brands extended unduplicated reach as well as the safe and transparent option in their media planning. So we are combining the power of the Number 1 network from beatable scale with the reach engagement and targeting of our leading digital properties to give advertisers a one-stop option to build awareness ignite interest and drive sales. In a rapidly changing media landscape, the success of the CBS ad sales team is built on the strength and stability fueled by innovation and creativity. By capitalizing on our deep and establish relationships and taking a personalized an integrated approach with all our clients not only are we growing revenue. We are also finding new and impactful ways to deliver value to brand in every category across our linear and digital properties. CBS has the biggest platform in media. It provides brands with unmatched ability to reach millions of current and prospective customers. Companies like Amazon, Facebook, Google and Netflix are spending big, big dollars on Network Television. When they launch a new product, where do they advertise on Network Television. In addition, our line of a popular digital and cable properties give CBS the unique opportunity to offer our advertising clients the scale targeting and outcomes they require in their media plans. CBS Interactive is made up of more than two dozen digital media properties including CBS.com CNET, MaxPreps and Skout [ph] as well as our growing stable of AVOD platforms, which include CBS All Access, CBSN, CBSN local, CBS Sports HQ and ET Live and we bring all of these properties collectively to market with great success. So while CBS clearly offers advertisers the value of quickly powerfully and safely reaching large audiences, we are also poised to capitalize on the opportunities emerging across the advanced advertising landscape to further monetize our audiences and deliver even better ROI to our clients. Data-driven linear was the starting point to move beyond demo to audiences. Looking at what's next, CBS is moving fast towards addressable TV via set-top boxes and smart TVs. This has the power to revolutionize the advertising to get us all closer to that not so distant future of delivering a brand's message to the right consumer at the right moment and to drive their business. This is already happening on our OTT platforms. And as always, CBS is committed to providing brands and agencies with the most precise and insightful measurement, reflecting the impact of their advertising. The universal goal in the industry is to get to a place for every single view or is measured and monetized no matter where and when they are watching and we are making great strides towards achieving that. So as you can see we've had a strong first half of the year in advertising, we had a fantastic upfront and we can't wait for the NFL and SEC football season kickoff and are highly anticipated new lineup to premiere at this fall. We are energized by the great potential ahead to monetize audiences in new and exciting ways. We have our eye on the future an immense pride in the strength, stability, and consistency our company deliver year-in and year-out. Speaking of delivering, here's to tell you more about our financial results, Chris Spade.
Chris Spade: Thank you, Jo Ann, and good afternoon everyone. As you heard, the premium content, we offer across our company is driving our results in advertising just as fueling increases in our other key revenue sources. As a result, we delivered second quarter records in revenue, operating income and earnings per share. Clearly, our must-have content is the cornerstone of our success today and as we continue to execute on our long-term strategy by investing in our programming and direct to consumer streaming services, it will continue to drive our growth in the future. Let me tell you about our second quarter results. Revenue was up 10% to $3.8 billion. Advertising overall increased 7% driven by the broadcast of the semifinals and championship game of the NCAA men's basketball tournament. As you heard from Jo Ann, underlying network advertising was up 3%, an acceleration from Q1. Content licensing and distribution was up 12%, the increase reflected higher domestic licensing sales of our library programming which will continue to generate revenue for us for years to come. Affiliate and subscription fees grew 13% led by a 43% increase in revenue from our direct to consumer platforms, CBS All Access and Showtime retrans and reverse comp, continue to grow and were up 17%, including strong increases in virtual MVPD revenue in terms of subscribers. Our overall subs from CBS and Showtime, continue to grow year-over-year with the strongest increase is coming from both CBS All Access and Showtime OTT. Operating income grew 1% to $702 million in the second quarter as we continue to invest in our content and our direct to consumer services and earnings per share for the second quarter grew 4% to $1.16. We also delivered strong growth for the first half of the year. On a year-to-date basis revenue of $8 billion increased 10%, which is consistent with the second quarter and again we delivered growth across our three key revenue sites. Advertising was up 13%, content licensing was up 5% and affiliate and subscription fees were up 13%. Operating income grew 1% in the first half to $1.5 billion and again includes our higher investments in our growth initiatives. And EPS for the first half of the year was up 2% to $2.53. Now, let's turn to the quarterly performance of our operating segments. Entertainment revenue increased 14% to $2.7 billion in the second quarter with growth across all of our revenue sources. Advertising was up 9% driven by the final for in NCAA championship gain. Content licensing and distribution was up 18%. Thanks to our domestic licensing sales as well as the increase in programming we're creating for third parties. And affiliate and subscription fees grew 22% driven by a reverse comp and subscriber growth at CBS All Access and virtual MVPD. Entertainment operating income was up 16% to $426 million even with our higher investment in content, particularly at CBS All Access, which added The Twilight Zone during the second quarter. Cable Networks revenue increased 2% to $562 million in the second quarter driven by growth in our Showtime direct to consumer service as well as the inclusion of [indiscernible], which we fully acquired in March. Cable Network's operating income for the second quarter decreased $285 million reflecting our higher programing investments as well as the timing of licensing our original series. And as Joe mentioned, for the full year, we are adding about 40% more original programing on Showtime than we did last year. In publishing revenue increased 5% to $218 million with growth in print and digital audio sales. Best-selling titles during the quarter included new books from Howard Stern and David McColl. And publishing operating income increased 6% to $33 million. Local Media revenue increased 1% to $423 million compared to last year when we had strong political spending. The increase was driven by higher retrans along with the final [ph]. And local Media operating income increased 2% to $230 million. Turning to free cash flow for the second quarter, we had an outflow of $157 million compared with an inflow of $296 million in the prior year. The decrease was largely driven by two things. Higher programming investment and tax payments. First let's talk about the taxes. During the quarter, we made a one-time cash tax payments of $260 million. This payment was driven by tax regulations that were finalized in 2019 and affected the timing and calculation of taxes that we hold on the repatriation of foreign earnings. With regard to our content investment we invested 20% more in programming during the second quarter than we did in Q2 of 2018, because of the proof points that we're seeing in our growth strategy, we believe the highest and best use of our cash is to continue to invest in our premium content and our direct to consumer services. And as our business model continues to transform, we are creating additional financial flexibility that allows us to be opportunistic in how we prioritize the use of our cash. Now, let me tell you what we see ahead in our three key revenue sources. From our strong start in 2019 with the Super Bowl through the NCAA men's basketball tournament and PGA golf to our healthy upfront pricing that will take effect in Q4, we expect 2019 will be a record year in advertising. In content licensing, we continue to ramp up our investment in programing and are creating more content than ever before with 89 series across 15 broadcast cable and streaming outlets. So we are uniquely positioned to license more shows to outside parties, build upon our content library and drive long-term growth in our direct to consumer platform by adding more original series. In addition, as others pull back from the licensing market, we continue to believe the upcoming scarcity will create opportunity for us. So we feel very good about the strength and flexibility afforded to us as creators of premium content. In affiliate and subscription fees, we are confident we will reach our goal of $2.5 billion in revenue from retrans and reverse comp in 2020, and we are growing revenue and subscribers on our direct to consumer services, by adding more original programing. So we feel very good about achieving our target of $25 million subscribers combined by the end of 2022. So in summary, as we continue to execute on our long-term strategy of investing in premium content to accelerate the growth of our direct to consumer streaming services, we are delivering robust growth in OTT subscribers and in revenue with increases across our key revenue sources for both the second quarter and the first half of the year. With these solid results, we feel very strongly about our ability to achieve our three-year guidance of revenue CAGR in the high-single digits and EPS CAGR in the double-digits. With that Greg, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you very much, Madam. [Operator Instructions] And first from Morgan Stanley, we have Ben Swinburne.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you. Good afternoon. Jo Ann, thank you for all that color on the ad market. One of the big themes this quarter across earnings has been the role of digital inventory and driving upfront sales in the business and you talked about that a bit. So I'm wondering if you could give us a little bit more on maybe sizing, how much of your upfront gains came from your digital inventory? And if you'd be willing to size the digital ad business for CBS. I think you guys will do about $6.5 billion of ad revenue for the year or this year, maybe more. Could you give us any sense of how big the digital business is inside of that? And where are the biggest sources of inventory for you across the CBS digital properties? And I'll just ask my follow-up maybe for Joe. Altice, AT&T, TEGNA you guys have been quite busy on the renegotiation front. Should we expect to see affiliate subscription revenues in your Entertainment segment that growth rate to accelerate in the back half? And are you able to put all these deals, get the Mall side. Thank you, guys.
Joe Ianniello: Ben, it's Joe. I'll take the first, -- the second part and then Jo Ann will go. Those deals have those expiration date so they're factored into our financial targets we laid out for you previously. So it's just when they come up. So, our team is has been busy at work. I mean you have seen the results in that affiliate and subscription line, I think you're going to continue that. And like Chris said, we feel very comfortable with the $2.5 billion we laid out. And if you remember from two Investor Day -- days ago we were 2011 which is almost a decade ago that number was hundreds of millions of dollars. And so, we're pretty proud of the track record of success, we have and that track record is built on the premium content that our team is able to stand behind. So we feel really good about that. But the timings or whenever the timings expire and we flow that in. But Jo Ann.
Jo Ann Ross: Thank you. So yes, I think I'd start with how we went to market as the combined sales team, with Network and interactive working hand in glove and working with the agencies that are set up as video investors. They don't separate what's going on in digital from what's going on broadcast. And our digital sales of the upfront was very, very strong and the CPM increases were basically in line with the CPM increases in prime that we saw in linear. And their top categories of digital going through were pharma, which is interesting success also tough category for us in broadcast, telecom and consumer products. And I think the important proof point here is that there is no question that [indiscernible] our success with digital was driven by the fact that we have all OTT brands that people want to buy in complement to the CBS brands. And as a leader in OTT, we are seeing a greater share of premium video budgets than ever before, whether it's on the CBS all Access or cbs.com or several of other platforms. Obviously, the CPMs there are important, because they're giving us reach and targeting and we have new clients that are coming to Digital. As mentioned, we see the clients like Google and Netflix and the Digital Native coming back to CBS. We're positioned really, really well going forward. And don't forget, we also have CBS Sports HQ we have ET Live, five years ago we went all in on OTT and then we have gone into CBSN CBS local and people are looking for premium digital did premium -- video content, and that's what we're getting them. So yes, a big success for us in the upfront related to our digital properties.
Anthony Diclemente: Thanks, Ben. Greg we will take our next question, please.
Operator: Sure thing. Next we have Jessica Reif Ehrlich with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Ehrlich: Thank you. It so great that Jo Ann is on the call. So I think this is going to be a lot of questions for you, Jo Ann and I am going to continue along. This is the best upfront in recent memory. And I would love to get your take on what's going on in the overall market? Where the dollar is coming from, -- is it coming from Digital? Or somebody losing share and how has CBS a share of advertising dollars changed over the last few years? Who do you see as your biggest competitor in the markets? Is it -- I mean I don't want to put words in your mouth. And then so far you've been really good at avoiding any specifics on CPM growth overall and volume. If you could give us any color on that. And you kind of alluded to targeting if you could just maybe talk about where you are in targeting on linear.
Jo Ann Ross: Just going back to our benefit as the upfront. In general, and I think you may have heard that on some other earnings call is the strongest and the best upfront I've seen in years. And I've been doing this for a long time, but I want to talk about why we are seeing the influx of money because the way we're positioned. You have to remember, we have the biggest broadcast that work on CBS reached over 240 million viewers this past season across all daypart were stable, people love our programing on linear. They know what they're buying, they know we deliver, they trust us, and we have the biggest reach. So we have that going for us. And then we marry it with what's going on with technology and consumption patterns and we were, I'll say it again, we were the first mover in the OTT space. And as Joe and Chris spoke about, we keep pouring money into the original content and clients are out there that want this original premium video that's to the safe and well let environment and we are offering that we're not playing catch up. CBS All Access has been a huge success with the programing that's selling there. I believe the CBS is a leader in the market. So the competition is everybody that's behind me. But again in the space that we're in, we have been first movers in terms of technology and addressability that will be the Holy Grail and we're working with MVPDs we're working with Nielsen. We have a lot of conversations going on addressable is not there yet and is probably will take a while to scale. But we're looking at something maybe towards the back half of 2020 or earlier in 2020. But the MVPDs and the OEMs have to get their act together. But we are having conversations with all of them and if clients want to test and learn with us on data driven linear, whether it's in scatter or during the upfront, we're able to do that as well. I think I've covered everything.
Operator: Next, we have Alexia Quadrani with JP Morgan.
Alexia Quadrani : Thank you very much. Just sort of staying on the digital advertising topic, when we look at CBS All Access, can you give us a sense of what the revenue mix is an All Access between advertising and some revenue and in which revenue stream you more excited about and maybe how big of a step-up, are you seeing this year given the strong demand in advertising. And then just a follow-up, I think on your announcement on moving into the kids programing and All Access. I may have missed it, did you say when that was going to be introduced and will be see a step up in marketing spend around that to attract new demo?
Joe Ianniello: Alexia, it's Joe. Just All Access subs, two-thirds of the All Access subs are taking the limited commercial option. So obviously, the vast majority of that that's a 99 price point. Obviously, there is still advertising in the live linear portion of that. So we do have that two-pronged approach, but we obviously operate with a subsidy of advertising for 599. And so like I said, the mix is there. We're very cognizant of the pricing, so we premium price the stuff on Digital so that it doesn't lower the price point on linear. So we are sensitive to that. So we're very -- we are indifferent if somebody signs up for 599 plus the advertising or the 999. I think again more and more just to consumer preferences are leading to the ad free eliminate adds as I said the 99 product and as we roll that out internationally, we will obviously be going again with the commercial-free option. So as we're sitting here today, I think the subscription revenue is a huge opportunity, but again the advertising and the targeting capabilities is also big. The key program will roll out later this year. Like I said it's 1,000 hours. There is going to be some library but new original seasons of some pretty big franchises and again because of the average age of those subscribers have young children, we just thought it was such a sweet spot really a natural way to expand our premium content. So we're really going to look for some proof points there to expand the sub base based on expanding the product offering. So we feel pretty good about that.
Chris Spade: And Alexia, this is Chris, just to answer your marketing question. We will market more and we have been marketing more consistently this year with our added original series offerings.
Operator: And next we have Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks. I have two, sorry, no advertising questions, Jo Ann. I have two for Joe. Joe, can you help us just think through the profit picture of when you make a show as far as service or Cable Network. What types of right to your retaining and what's the payback versus maybe doing your own NCIS is where you keep all right and Syndicated. So, any color on kind of the wind doing and when do we expect to see the payback. And then secondly, on the kids question and kids content, what type of research do you have about -- is kids an opportunity if you add new subscribers? Is that something that you're Research to be a whole in service and you think that could drive incremental subscribers as kids becomes a bigger programs [indiscernible]?
Joe Ianniello: Sure, Michael. Yes, obviously making this investment in Kings program, we believe that and we also believe, Michael it reduces what the word I guess the term is churn, again I think we terms it pausing. So we're trying to eliminate that I think again kids programing is critical to that because, again, it's just more things for more people because if you just think about the family a subscriber. Everybody has different preferences. So we want to serve all those appetites and so we feel adding this kids programing is going to drive new subscribers and reduce churn. The analysis we go through about licensing, Michael, obviously, is fulsome because when we make a show the question is we can license it to some third party and we will receive licensing revenues. Obviously, we're protecting the underlying library value. So it certainly comes back to CBS some point down the road as opposed to keeping it on our new service. And so what we -- the analysis really is how many new subs that we think we can drive with the infrastructure we have in place. Compared to the licensing revenue, we can receive from this other third-party now. This other third-party happens to be larger than us. They might be able to put it through a different infrastructure to make more money and thus pay us more. We will then take that money and do two more shows and build our own service that way. And so again, because we haven't -- we've really not fully able to exploit these opportunities internationally yet, we're really limited to the United States, which are again great. But it's only 325 million people. So somebody could put it through an infrastructure that has billions of people. Our thought is if they're willing to pay us that we're going to look at that hard. But if they're not, we're going to put it through our own infrastructure. So it's a high-class problem but we literally do it, Michael, franchise by franchise because some think some brands and titles or franchises are great -- Star Trek is obviously -- in demand. And so for us it's about quality premium content and putting volume through our offerings. That is our priority. That's why I said international is our largest opportunity.
Michael Nathanson: Joe, but most you're attaining your long-term rights, right? So that we'll revert back to you over time, as you said are on that?
Joe Ianniello: That's correct. Michael.
Operator: Our next from Guggenheim, we have Mike Morris.
Michael Morris: Thanks, good afternoon guys. A couple of more programming questions. My first one is about the programming asset that you have been investing in and building and you talk about the ways to monetize it. But my question I guess is how much of this asset that you've built so far and continue to build is fuel specifically as you grow these domestic OTT platforms that you've laid out some goals for us and how much is monetizable being contemplated for monetization, whether it's through licensing or international? And I guess what I'm really trying to get at is the opportunity on the licensing side I mean you had a strong quarter, this quarter and content licensing and how much of that may be under-appreciated relative to the domestic OTT trajectory that we kind of already know about and then I have a follow-up as well.
Joe Ianniello: Yes, look, I think that's a very good point, Mike. I think again some of these assets, we're building again as that for our own services. And that's based on the research that we have from all of the data, we're getting when subscribers churn. And so we know original series really drive intend to subscribe. We know key engagement metrics as we put more and more originals on the service are really no significant. Again, that's why we're time spent number of streams. All of these things, we're getting more and more data on that. Now, that said, we're doing things differently. Again I use an example of The Good Fight that is premiered on CBS All Access is now on the CBS Network. I mean that is a high-quality show that obviously would cost a lot of money to produce, but we you can see how we're utilizing that asset. Again that's internal, but obviously we could have license The Good Fight outside of that. So we're continuously building that library value, where we have nearly 1,000 episodes of premium content that we had not yet licensed. And so again we're strategically holding that to see how this market place moves, but yet we're still putting it through our own funnel again to drive engagement. So again we, as we said in our remarks, we think we're operating in the sweet spot. We think we have the ability to continue to produce for others. Again, I look at 90210 for Fox, which premiered nicely solid in the key demos great for Fox. It was only behind in total viewers to Big Brother. But it was a great show. We're doing Diary of a Female President for Disney Plus. The show is on Netflix. So we're continuously be able to do that yet we're still creating library value in the future for things we haven't yet monetize. So that's why this machine is like pushing a snowball downhill it's getting bigger and bigger.
Chris Spade: And Mike, it's Chris. To that, I'd also add that it's really important, and where we are now to shows the rate for the show. So, as Joe said, in our fall schedule, we own 85%, which is more than we've had so once we own the rights. We can monetize it. And we have a lot more flexibility, which is where we want to be.
Michael Morris: On The Good Fight, that was the whole of what I wanted to ask but Joe you brought it up, can you just tell us what was the impetus to make the move? I mean I think it's a very logical. We talked about it before, but how did you evaluate the success of it. And is it something that you would do with any of the other programs you have on All Access right now?
Joe Ianniello: I think what we're doing is we're doing it in a case-by-case basis. Again, I don't think it's anything -- any policy that we're seeing. Again it was to basically introduce The Good Fight, which we think is a highly acclaimed show to a much broader audience. That's on the CBS Television Network. Again, that was just season one. So, if you like season one you can now catch up. So when in coming months for seasons two and three and in January, you'll have season four. So we're going to be looking at the uptick like sometimes we license shows to syndication in the drives consumption of current seasons. So again, similar type of analysis is really what we're looking for to introduce again content while again we're selling advertising against the Good Fight which rates well. It's a high quality show, so it makes sense, it's on the CBS Network. But again, it does that is expanding and we can drive a CBS All Access subscriber. That's going to be a good use of that property.
Operator: Next we have Doug Mitchelson with Credit Suisse.
Doug Mitchelson: Thanks so much. I want to go back to the -- but first, I wanted to say Anthony to bang-up job in that Safe Harbor. So Jo Ann, I wouldn't say let the market. So who won and what was your strategy around inventory? Upfront pricing was strong, but you have to comp big scatter pricing increases that you have the season. So do you sell a lot of inventory to strong upfront or you hold back and hope the scatter market stays strong and-or in that your ratings are good and I got a follow-up for Joe.
Chris Spade: Thank you. Yes. So I've been doing it for quite some time along with my team, again the most stable ad sales team in the business and our Interactive team led by David [ph], the most experienced ad sales team in the business. So, if you evaluate every market differently, we did see signs early on as early as March that this was going to be a strong upfront based on conversations that we had with our clients in the agencies and that was before we announced our schedule coming out of May after the schedule announcement. We also sell to a lot of pressure to kind of move quickly from clients and agencies because I believe that with the influx of new categories and I know other people have talked about the Digital Natives. We were also first-mover in that space going back, probably 15 years ago with us little client that has the norm as its mascot. Anyway we knew what was coming, because we had seen strength in scatter in every quarter. And we kind of like we're back into numbers, it's not an exact science, but we do see a whole landscape before we send out our first plans and we see the whole landscape usually through different ways client interest what's been spent. We go back to historically, but for unknown comps of where the sellout is it's probably very similar to where we were a year ago and we're well-positioned for the scatter market going forward which has already started to percolate. Clients are still out there, but in their presentations together and presenting, but since we finished the upfront, we've written more money in NFL and an SEC which final move separately, it moved along with the upfront this year, but we're already seeing that market pacing along very nicely. So, again, not an exact science to shift with the ratings into the equation, but anybody that's been in this position, and the other teams that we work with across the company, obviously can look at historical information key data points and know where we're going to be going. And then I have to present to Joe. So that's always a lot of it.
Joe Ianniello: And so, Doug, I would just say our strategy is going into these upfronts. We're always willing to bet on our schedule and that proves out year-in and year-out. And so, as you all know, the scatter premium is significant above upfront. So I'm very careful not to sell too much in the upfront because certainly Jo Ann explained [ph], more and more money, but again like I said is I think the upfront is a hell of a deal for advertisers. So I'd much rather sell in the scatter where there's more scarcity now and based on our performance. And so as Jo Ann, it is art not science and the proof points and the track record we have are undeniable. So we are as bullish as we can be on advertising.
Doug Mitchelson: It feels like all those have increased [indiscernible]. It's all right now, if I can ask a follow-up for Joe, I just wanted to an update on international streaming. I mean, Joe, you keep talking more and more about the experience and scaling streaming services. Is there a big opportunity overseas, when do you get the content back, but you can actually go after that anything on international be helpful, thanks.
Joe Ianniello: Yes, sure. I mean, as we said on our last call, I think, Latin America and Europe is kind of up next for our rollout. And as you said, I'm trying to give our team some flexibility timing because we want to get the offering. But there is a strong demand in premium content delivered via broadband in the international marketplace and it's incumbent upon us to serve that appetite. And so stay tuned for more down the road, but again I just look at the number of people in the consumption of a Netflix's subs. So I'm very encouraged that this is single-handedly the largest opportunity that we have in front of us.
Operator: Next is Laura Martin with Needham & Company.
Laura Martin: Hi there, maybe two on OTT. So Joe, one of your competitors is talking about putting together a bundle of three services there, you guys also own a number of services. Could you talk about your thinking about the power of bundling your both ad-driven and subscription-driven services together as a marketing tool? And then staying on the subject of marketing, as you think about some of these new Apple plus Disney Plus some new competitors coming to the marketplace, how does your marketing strategy you have to change because I lost on nobody that you've been in the market with All Access for four years and now you're introducing Kids right as Disney comes into the market, right on top of them. So it feels like you reacting a little bit two new entrants. So could you talk more generally about how your marketing plans need to change market competition certainty?
Joe Ianniello: Sure, Laura. Your first part about OTT, look, we offer CBS All Access and Showtime together. It's an opportunity we don't force consumers to do it. They can buy part, if they want to buy them together, we obviously discount that. We think the again those are different offerings and complementary. So we like that. So we have that available. So, I can understand why others want to kind of do that together because people will subscribe for different reasons. So like I said, we've been doing this. As you've said All Access is actually almost five-years-old. So, we've been at this. The Kids programing is really has nothing to do with Disney at all quite frankly, it has to do with the data and the research that we've done on the service, based on the consumption patterns, the average age of the viewers. So really it's that's really led us to doing this. And as you said, if you've seen all along, Laura All Access first started is really serving the super fan giving CBS some kind of catch-up viewing abilities, deep library. Then we added live linear programing to it. Then we really started producing originals and that is all based on data that we got back from our consumers. So, this is a natural progression for us. So we're going to continue to roll it out, but we've been pretty measured with the investment spend, you see that come through the P&L. But I think we've been pretty judicious about managing that and again it's all proof points along the way.
Operator: Okay. In that case will take the final question from Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Market.
Dan Salmon: And I'll take you back to have one last one for Jo Ann. Jo Ann, look, obviously CBS probably is known first and foremost, to large advertisers for all the great content and anchoring their big branding and awareness campaigns. But as the business gets a little bit more digital over time, do you think CBS needs to be looking more at direct response style advertising, which makes up the vast majority of the online spending? And then similarly you've also got a really strong local footprint as well, as the business becomes a bit more digital. Do you think it makes sense for CBS to be looking at self-service? Or the type of tools that can be used by more small and medium-sized businesses? Thanks.
Jo Ann Ross: Good question. On the direct response piece of it, I don't have a concern now that we would have to go that route just based again on all the data that we have and the fact that we are America's most-watched network for the last 11 seasons. To answer it a different ways, the demand is still there in broadcast for the big advertisers and for some clients and some advertisers, they are going to migrate to digital. But I do not see the direct response replacing what we're seeing now in our ecosystem. They're always going to want that big, big breach. And then on digital, those are clients that may be going more niche, more targeted and we're doing that actually on OTT right now. I don't recall the second part of your question.
Dan Salmon: Just whether do you think -- yes, we see a lot of the big digital platforms will build self-service platforms or self-service tools so small and medium-sized businesses can use it themselves. Is that something you think makes sense for CBS?
Jo Ann Ross: And you are targeting that as more of a local play?
Dan Salmon: Yes, usually, not the type of thing the Procter & Gamble's using on a daily basis but more small and medium-sized businesses that might do advertising as well.
Jo Ann Ross: I mean if you look at some of the bigger services like Google and Facebook, a lot of their revenue is driven by local. I don't see our digital play going that way because we're offering premium save content, premium video and the local players usually like of the message boards or the story boards, where Facebook is creating content about the latest diet. So I don't see that as a game changer or a game plays for CBS.
Anthony Diclemente: All right, thank you everyone for joining our call. And this concludes today's call.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining us today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-02 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to CBS Corporations First Quarter 2018 Earnings Release Teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. And at this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. David Bank. Please go ahead.
David Bank: Good afternoon everyone. And welcome to our first quarter 2019 earnings call. Joining us with today's or more or Joe Ianniello, our President and Acting CEO; Jim Lanzone, our Chief Digital Officer and CEO of CBS Interactive; and Chris Spade, our Chief Financial Officer. Following Joe, Jim and Chris remarks, we'll open the call up to questions. Please note that during today's conference call, results will be discussed on an adjusted basis unless otherwise specified. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found in our earnings release or on our website. Also note that statements on this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's SEC filings. A webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can also be found on the Investor Relations section of our website at cbscorporation.com. And with that I'll turn the call over to Joe. 
Joe Ianniello: Thanks David. And good afternoon everyone. This was another very strong quarter for CBS, including a new all-time high in revenue and our 37th consecutive quarter of EPS growth. Once again, we were able to deliver these results while continuing to invest in our future as a global, multi-platform premium content company. At a time when the whole industry is talking about pivoting to direct-to-consumer, we are proud to be among the first to have embraced it as a core strategy and as a result be one of the leaders in this space. This is why today we have invited Jim Lanzone to join us on the call. As Chief Digital Officer and the CEO of CBS Interactive, Jim will tell you more about the key drivers of our direct-to-consumer success and the evolving world of over the top. After Jim, we'll turn it over to Chris to give you some more color about our financial results. Now let me get things started with a quick update on the first quarter. As you saw on our release, advertising revenue was up 18% driven by the success of Super Bowl 53. Affiliate and subscription fee revenue also grew strongly and was up 13%. Overall, our total revenue was up double digits and EPS was up 2% to a new first quarter record, while we significantly ramped up our investment in our premium content just as we said we would. This programming investment continues to lead to quarterly sub growth across our company both sequentially and year-over-year where we just posted a high single digit increase here in Q1. The growth includes a combination of traditional distribution, virtual MVPDs, as well as our direct-to-consumer services, which gives us the highest average rate per sub, the best ability to monetize our audiences through advanced advertising and the most effective way for us to make better programming decisions. In the first quarter, our DTC subs were up 71% year-over-year. As everyone is aware, last month Apple announced its launching a new streaming platform. Our two main services, CBS All Access and Showtime, will be anchors for this platform from the outset. We've already had great success offering our direct-to-consumer services on Amazon, Roku, Hulu, and others. And now with Apple getting into the game, we've added another distribution powerhouse that will make our content available to even more consumers, which allows our services to grow even faster. So between our content investment and our expansion onto new platforms, we feel even better today than we did just a quarter ago about reaching our target of 25 million direct-to-consumer subs in 2022. It's important to note that our target of 25 million doesn't include subs from our international services where we continue to increase our footprint.  We launched All Access in Canada a year ago and followed it up with 10 All Access in Australia last fall. Next up we will launch our direct-to-consumer services in Latin America and Western Europe, two regions where we see high growth potential and strong interest in our premium content. We have a proven track record for delivering some of the most watched shows around the globe and we also have one of the world's largest television libraries. So with nearly 7.5 billion people living outside the United States, the international marketplace presents a huge opportunity for further long-term growth. Our goal of 25 million domestic subs also excludes the growth we're seeing at our ad-supported streaming services, CBSN, CBSN Local, CBS Sports HQ and ET Live, which are a big part of our future as well. We will be launching our second local version of CBSN in Los Angeles this quarter, followed by Boston and San Francisco later in the year. So we are well-positioned in both the SVOD and AVOD marketplaces and we are expanding on platforms locally, nationally, and internationally, whether it's entertainment or sports, original series or live events, local or national news, the driving force behind our direct-to-consumer services and our entire company is our premium must-have content. And we continue to increase our output. This year we are on track to invest more than $8 billion in programming, which positions us competitively with any player in the marketplace. The benefits of this content driven strategy, were on full display at CBS All Access in the first quarter. Season two of Star Trek: Discovery began in January and the return of The Good Fight dropped in March. Add to that, Superbowl 53 and March Madness and CBS All Access had its biggest quarter of sub growth ever. Though momentum continues here in Q2 with The Twilight Zone, which was the most watched original premier on CBS All Access and which we just renewed for a second season. Up ahead, we'll have a dark comedy starring Lucy Liu called Why Women Kill from Mark Cherry, the creator of Desperate Housewives, as well as a true crime drama called Interrogation. And then we'll launch a whole new Star Trek series starring sir Patrick Stewart as legendary Captain Jean-Luc Picard, which will have a strong international appeal.  Our programming investment is paying off at Showtime as well. We kicked off 2019 with the launch of a new comedy called Black Monday starring Don Cheadle, as well as our new late night talk show, Desus & Mero, which is expanding to two nights a week for the summer. Billions returned with a terrific new season near the end of the quarter, which rolled right into the launch of the [indiscernible] here in Q2. Once again, all of this content is contributing to the significant sub growth we continue to see. And the pipeline for Showtime is just as robust going forward, including several new shows with big names attached. In June, Showtime will premiere a new crime drama called City on a Hill starring Kevin Bacon and executive produced by Matt Damon and Ben Affleck. Later this summer we'll have The Loudest Voice which stars Russell Crowe as Roger Ailes. And some very promising new shows in preproduction as well, including Halo, the highly anticipated video game series and legal thriller, Your Honor, which we'll star Bryan Cranston. In addition to producing more content for our own brands, our studios are also creating more program than ever before for third parties. We are now producing 80 series across 15 broadcast cable and streaming outlets. That's nearly double the number of series and triple the number of outlets from just five years ago and it includes a number of high profile projects as well. Tomorrow, our critically acclaimed series Dead to Me, will drop on Netflix. This summer we will begin filming Diary of a Female President, which will stream on Disney Plus. And in August the highly anticipated reboot of 90210 will premiere on Fox. As we create more programming for third parties, we are growing our vast television library and generating lucrative licensing revenue today, but of course the bulk of our development is focused on the most powerful media platform, the CBS Television Network.  Right now we have 11 primetime series delivering an average of over 10 million viewers each week more than any other network. We have three of the top five programs on all of television and five of the top 10. We also have four of the top 10 new shows on television, which are FBI, God Friended Me, Magnum P.I. and The Neighborhood, all of which have been picked up for second seasons and all of which we have ownership in. So when the season ends on May 22, it's safe to say that CBS will be the most watch network for the 11th consecutive season and put the 16th of the last 17 years. And we'll be number one whether or not you include the Superbowl. No other network has that kind of reach, consistency and stability. We are now in the middle of screening pilots for our new fall schedule and soon we'll be adding a number of new shows to our deep bench of established hips. In two weeks we will present our new prime time schedule to advertisers at Carnegie Hall, our first upfront under the vision of Chief Creative Officer, David Nevins. We look forward to showcasing our exciting new CBS shows along with all of the other outstanding multi-platform program programming we are creating across our entire company. With the number one television network and they growing suite of ad-supported CBS branded streaming channels we offer our clients a range of opportunities that is unparalleled. We see big opportunities in advertising because of all the new ways we now reach consumers. And technological advancements in measurement continue to get us closer to realizing the true value of our audiences. For example, out-of-home viewing boosts our ratings meaningfully. And these viewers are not yet included in the C7 currency. But as we've seen time and time again, when we move from live to C3 to C7, it's fair to expect out-of-home consumption to be included and it's only a matter of time that all consumption is measured. By the way, with all this talk about advertising you may be able to guests which CBS executive that is scheduled to be our surprise guest on our next earnings call. And if you thought winning in Primetime for 11 straight years was impressive in daytime, we are number one for 32 consecutive years. And in first-run syndication we have eight of the top 10 shows including Jeopardy!, which has been on a tear lately, thanks to the ongoing epic run by contested Jamie Holter. We're also winning in Late Night where Stephen Colbert is solidly number one. He's leading the competition by more than 1.3 million viewers. And for the first time he's also winning in viewers 18 to 49 making Colbert, the undisputed king of late night television. At CBS News, Susan Zirinsky is already putting her stamp on our esteem news organization by going deep into big stories and building on CBS longstanding legacy of excellence in broadcast journalism. And in its 51st year 60 minutes is a consistent top 10 performer. Some things just never get old. At CBS sports, we are in the midst of one of the greatest runs in sports television history. We had the most watched media event of the year, which Super Bowl LIII and the second most watched event of the year with the AFC Championship Game. We also had an exciting NCAA Men's Basketball Championship that was up 23% from 2018 and Tiger Woods' incredible comeback at the Masters may be the greatest sports story of the year. And it was the most watched morning golf broadcast in 32 years. And now with Tigers big win the anticipation is building for CBS broadcast of the PGA Championship, which for the first time has been moved into the second quarter airing on CBS on May 18th and 19th. We're looking forward to a repeat of this marquee lineup of sporting events in 2021 when we bring back the Super Bowl to CBS in two years instead of the usual three. We'll have a presidential election year in 2020, the Super Bowl back on CBS in 2021, then another political cycle in 2022, this will lead to tremendous stability in our advertising revenue for years to come. All of the big ten pole events we air on the CBS Television Network, also helped fuel our results in our local media segment, leading to strong advertising sales at our TV stations both in the first quarter and here in the second quarter as well. And remember Local Media is the home of retransmission consent fees, which will continue to be a steady growth driver into the future. Plus with the legalization of sports betting in several states, we are just beginning to tap into this whole new advertising category. Premium content is also driving the success in publishing where Simon and Schuster turned in a very strong first quarter. And we're proud that David Blights book about Frederick Douglass was recently awarded the Pulitzer Prize for History. Here in the second quarter, we have a great lineup ahead, including titles from bestselling authors, Cassandra Clare, Brad Thor, David McCullar, and his first new book since 1995 Howard Stern.  So we're off to a great start here in 2019 whether it's watching our CBS crime dramas on Tuesday, or our Comedy Block on Thursdays following CBS Sports HQ for highlights, or CBSN for breaking news, bingeing Episodes Of Billions On Showtime, or streaming the latest Twilight Zone episodes on All Access. Consumers choose us because of our differentiated must have content and we're giving it to them in all the ways they want it. We are confident that increasing our investment in premium content will continue to be the best way to drive revenue growth, led by our fastest growing opportunity direct-to-consumer streaming. We told you last quarter that we already hit eight million subscribers combined across CBS All Access and our Showtime direct-to-consumer platform. And here in Q1 we just had our biggest quarter of D-to-C sub growth yet. And now with the emergence of a key player like Apple along with more great CBS and Showtime content on the way, you can see why we feel very good about achieving our goal of 25 million domestic subs. And as importantly that sub growth goes hand-in-hand with our financial outlook, which we are reaffirming today. But before we talk finance here to tell you more about our digital growth strategy is Jim Lanzone. Take it away Jim.
Jim Lanzone: Thanks Joe. It's great to be here to talk about CBS massive footprint and incredible recent growth in the digital space. Everyone knows CBS is the number one broadcast network, but not everyone knows that CBS operates at top 10 internet property right alongside of it. It's been my team's job to build and run that business for the past eight years, while leading the digital transformation of CBS along the way. With over 178 million unique users and March, CBS Interactive is now the number seven ranked property in the United States according to comScore, a number that does not yet include our large and growing connected TV audience. You're likely familiar with CBS All Access and our Showtime direct-to-consumer service, which are the focal points of our digital transformation. What you may not know is that most of our brands are also leaders in their categories including CBS Sports Digital, the second ranked and fastest growing online sports property with over 70 million unique users per month, CBS News Digital, a top 10 general news property also the over 70 million unique users per month. Cnet, which has been the number one property in the lucrative technology category for over two decades with over 60 million unique users per month and Entertainment Tonight and TV God, which combine to form the number two entertainment news property with over 50 million unique users per month. From our headquarters in Silicon Valley, CBS Interactive operates as a center of excellence for all things digital at CBS, from product to technology to online marketing. Not only does this enable efficiencies and digital operations, but it also ensures an entrepreneurial drive and product expertise not seeing in the digital divisions of most traditional media companies. This has led to some of our most important innovations, especially in the high growth direct-to-consumer and OTT space, such as CBS All Access, CBSN and CBS Fortescue, years ahead of our competitors. It's all also given us the ability to produce online streams of the largest live events on the Internet, such as the Super Bowl and the Grammys all on our own tech platforms managed by our own team without a hitch.  We have operated internationally for years with teams and brands in Europe, Asia, and Australia. And from a revenue perspective, we have one of the largest direct-to-sales divisions on the Internet selling the most in-demand inventory online premium addressable video, while leading the way in the transition to both programmatic and advanced advertising, CBS All Access is perhaps the best known results of our unique approach to digital. Historically, CBS Interactive experienced success with several pioneering subscription offerings from March Madness on Demand, to College Sports Live, which streamed 20,000 live games per year, to the Big Brother SuperPass, which offered 24-hour live viewing of the Big Brother household. Meanwhile, tens of millions of people visited cbs.com each month to catch up on the end season programming and we gained deep product experience serving them. It became clear to us that a meaningful percentage of our fans would be eager to pay for access to even more CBS content in more places if we offered it to them. And so we launched CBS All Access in October, 2014 to serve our superfans with roughly 5,000 episodes from past and present broadcast seasons, a portion of our library and live feeds of our owned and operated stations. Fast forward to today and we've grown All Access to over 10,000 episodes, including full seasons of all current CBS shows, nearly everything in the CBS library, nationwide coverage to more CBS stations with our affiliate partners joining the ONOS full integration of our NFL Sunday line up, the slate of live OTT channels in sports, news and entertainment and a defining line up of exclusive originals, including Star Trek: Discovery, The Good Fight and The Twilight Zone with many more on the way. Showtimes direct-to-consumer product debuted shortly after All Access in July of 2015 again, using internally developed technology seamlessly serving millions of viewers with hits like Homeland, Billions and Shameless, as well as its deep library of movies and one of a kind sporting events anywhere, anytime. Combined our two services reached our 8 million subscribers target earlier this year, nearly two years ahead of schedule, and yet this is still less than 10% of the pay TV households in the U.S. today making our long-term goal of 25 million subscribers, a very reasonable target. Meanwhile, our internal surveys suggest that nearly 70% of All Access subscribers have multichannel TV packages in addition to All Access, meaning the vast majority of our subscribers to-date are not corn cutters, but rather people who use the service as a premium add-on to their local cable or satellite packages. We also enjoy broad and balanced distribution of All Access with direct subscriptions comprising the vast majority of subscribers to-date, alongside strong growth from third-party channel partners like Amazon and platform partners like Apple, Android, Roku and more. In terms of user behavior, Q1 saw a 63% increase in minutes spent on All Access year-on-year, jumping to 76% in March. We see a well balanced viewing pattern across those minutes with a healthy mix of consumption of our exclusive originals, ketchup viewing for CBS broadcast shows, live streaming of local CBS stations and CBS library viewing. On average, our audience is 20 years younger than broadcast and it split roughly 50-50 between men and women. Two-thirds choose the limited commercial option with one-third choosing the commercial free option. Churn is in line with industry norms and we've been happy to see many laps users coming back to All Access upon the seasonal return of their favorite contents. We think of these users as pausing their membership rather than canceling it in the traditional sense, and the data suggests that our investment in content across CBS will be our most effective tool for eliminating or reducing the pause cycle for these users, as well as deepening their engagement. We see similar behavior with Showtime OTT were originals account for over 80% of consumption, taken together, this constitutes a striking difference between user behavior with our SVOD products and those of other services, which rely heavily on library content for most of their consumption. Well, CBS was an early innovator in SVOD, we have also been ahead of the game in AVOD, starting with the 2014 launch of CBSN, the first 24/7 OTT news channel, followed by the 2018 launches of CBS Sports HQ, ET Live and CBSN New York. These products have in turn enhanced CBS All Access weaving seamlessly together to form the streaming network of the future. A multilayered nesting dolls services that users can unpack 24 hours a day according to their entertainment, sports or news needs. A great example of this occurred in April, when over a million people streamed the Nipsey Hussle memorial via an ET Live broadcast, delivered simultaneously on CBSN and All Access. CBS Sports HQ, meanwhile saw a 10x spike in usage during Super Bowl week and never looked back. Moving into record breaking coverage of March Madness and rolling right into the Masters, which saw 60% growth over our previous record with over 1 billion minutes consumed online. Since CBS Interactive delivers premium video content with the data targeting of digital our AVOD channels were launched to meet the growing demand among advertisers for premium video inventory. This is another benefit of our deep relationship with over 178 million users per month, across our proprietary network. Not only can we use data to enhance our products and content decisions, but we consistently generate higher CPMs than traditional broadcast. And thanks to the demand for premium OTT video, we are consistently sold out. Our network and digital sales team is going to every sale together, offering the full power of our multi-platform company in every way. In addition, as a premium content company, we truly believe that CBS has the ability to partner with almost everyone in this dynamic space from technology companies building their own content platforms to MVPDs that are moving to a multi-platform future right along with us to sports leagues who want to address a younger, more digitally savvy audiences without sacrificing the reach of broadcast to international distributors looking for the best content to affiliates who want to evolve to a sustainable future. Given the right financial and data turns, we're doing business with all of them. Just a few examples historically include our partnership with Netflix and international territories for Star Trek: Discovery, our participation with virtual MVPDs such as Hulu Live and YouTube TV. Our channel deals for All Access and Showtime with Amazon, Roku and Apple, our partnership with the NFL for CBS All Access, our Emmy Award winning Snapchat Discover shows starring James Corden, our Facebook Watch, partnership for Colbert and Corden content and so many more. There's one more thing I'd like to note about the digital transformation CBS. Everything we've done, including our innovative new ventures has always been underpinned by rigorous business planning and financial discipline. And while we are ramping up our content investments to meet consumer demand, we did not believe doing so requires us to turn our business upside down in order to compete. We believe the combination of 30 plus shows per season from the number one CBS Television Network, 11 shows per year and growing from All Access originals, the power of the award winning show timeline up, our 10,000 plus episode library from Cheers to The Good Wife are increasingly popular AVOD channels, our local  live local feed of over 200 CBS stations and the dozens of premium lives, sports, news and entertainment events throughout the year combined to give us a powerful offering for consumers who want more from CBS. As a pure content company, serving over 100 million households over the air and nearly 200 million users domestically online, we have the clarity of mission and purpose for competing in this space or possessing the experience and expertise to compete digitally with anyone. We will be a consistent growing force in this valuable market for many decades to come. So with that, I'll hand it over to Chris.
Chris Spade: Thank you, Jim, and good afternoon everyone. As you heard, the powerful combination of premium content and technology is at the center of our success at CBS Corporation. It's given us a competitive advantage, particularly in direct-to-consumer, it's helping to drive the financial results you see today and it's the key to our long-term success as a global multi-platform premium content company. So as we remained fully focused on allocating resources to areas that generate the highest return on investment, namely our must have premium content and our direct-to-consumer services, we are confident, we will build upon our leadership position and continue to significantly scale new revenue growth in 2019 and the future. Now let me give you some more details about our first quarter results. Revenue for the first quarter was up 11% to an all time high of $4.2 billion, driven by the success of Super Bowl LIII. Our underlying business also were largely from higher affiliate and prescription fees. As you heard, advertising led the way with an 18% increase. At CBS, advertising remains strong and consistent with underlying network advertising up 1% for the quarter and even without the Super Bowl, we are on track for $4 billion in network advertising revenue for all of 2019, which is in line with prior years. Affiliate in subscription fees were up 13% retrans, reverse comp and virtual MVPDs continue to show strong and steady increases and were up 20% during the quarter. And constant licensing and distribution came in at $963 million, compared with $995 million last year. Constant licensing can vary from quarter-to-quarter and in last years first quarter, we had several licensing renewals, including a significant deal for our hit Showtime series Dexter, given the changing landscape, we see upside ahead in future quarters as others pull back and reduce the supply available for third-parties. Also for the quarter, operating income grew 2% to $793 million and EPS also grew 2% to a $1.37 both of these were first quarter records. Our first quarter results included three adjustments, we accounted for a onetime tax benefit related to the reorganization of our international operations, we recorded a gain on the sale of TV City and we recorded charges associated with cost savings initiative. Now let's turn to our operating segments. Entertainment revenue for the first quarter was up 15% to $3.2 billion. Affiliate and Subscription fees grew 26%, driven by subscriber growth at CBS All Access, as well as increases in reverse comp and virtual MVPD. Advertising was up 19% mainly as a result of Super Bowl LIII and content licensing grew 3% as we continued to produce more shows for third-party outlets. Entertainment operating income of $530 million, grew 9% even as we ramped up our investment in premium content and expanded our direct-to-consumer streaming services. At our cable network segment, revenue for the first quarter was $552 million, compared with $571 million in 2018. When we had several licensing renewals, including a significant one for Dexter that I just mentioned, Showtime subs continue to grow across traditional and digital platforms and were up 8% year-over-year. Cable Networks operating income was $175 million, compared with $236 million last year, mainly reflecting our higher investment in content and marketing. Illustrating this, in the first quarter we aired 30% more episodes of programming on Showtime, than we did a year ago. Turning to Publishing, first quarter revenue increased 3% to $164 million, driven by higher print book sale. Digital audio also continues to grow and was up 7%. Several of our top selling titles in the first quarter benefited from Media Science, including few titles that were released as film, Five Feet Apart by Rachael Lippincott and Pet Cemetery by Stephen King, as well as Salt Fat Acid Heat by Samin Nosrat, which is now a Netflix series. And publishing operating income for the first quarter grew 6% to $17 million. In our local Media segments, first quarter revenue of $457 million grew 10%, driven by higher advertising revenue from Super Bowl LIII, as well as 11% growth in retrans. In terms of advertising categories, auto, entertainment and healthcare all posted solid increases. Local Media operating income for the quarter was up 17% to $138 million and the segment operating income margin expanded 2.30%. Turning to cash flow and our balance sheet. Free cash flow was $411 million for the quarter, compared with $687 million last year, reflecting our strategy of increasing our investment in content and our direct-to-consumer services. In Q1, we spent approximately 25% more on programming than we did last year. Also, during the quarter, we issued $500 million of senior notes and use the proceeds to retire debt. Additionally, we unlock value from non-core assets through the sale of excess real estate. Together these actions significantly improved our net leverage ratio to 2.7 at the end of the first quarter. We continue to believe the highest and best use of our cash is to reinvest in our company. We have identified $175 million in efficiencies that we expect to recognize in 2019, and we are reinvesting all of it back into our high growth businesses. Now let me tell you what we see ahead. At the CBS Television Network, scatter is up more than 25% in primetime from our upfront pricing and even more in late nights. So we feel very good about our ability to increase pricing and volume in this years up front, which will benefit us in the fall. And at our Local Media segment, revenue for the second quarter is pacing to be up high single-digits, when you include all the big sporting events we had to start off the year from Super Bowl LIII for March Madness, for the Masters, for the upcoming PGA Championship, we expect 2019 to be a record year for Advertising. In content licensing, we continue to increase our investment in programming for our own brands, even as we produce more content for third-parties. As you heard, we are now creating 80 series for 15 outlets an all time high. And in two weeks we will announce our new fall schedule for both CBS and CW, which will add even more shows to our growing pipeline. All of this gives us more content to monetize particularly in the international marketplace, and we will continue to ensure that we are maximizing the value of all of our programming, especially as others choose to fulfil this opportunity. In affiliate and subscription fee revenue, we have about a third of our footprint coming up for renewal in both retrans and reverse comp this year. We continue to negotiate fair value for our content with each new deal we do. So we expect strong and steady increases for this revenue source to continue. In addition, we are already seeing the impact of our strategy to ramp up our content investment to grow our direct-to-consumer services. And as you heard from Jim, with our in house expertise and cutting edge infrastructure along with our partnerships with third-party distributors, such as Amazon and Apple, we are well positioned to steal our direct-to-consumer services and our 25 million subs target for 2022 is very much within our reach.  So in summary, we are one quarter into our three year outlook and we are off to a strong start. Our subs are growing across all platforms with those from our direct-to-consumer services growing the fastest. This early success will propel us forward as we continue to grow these services and our leadership position in this space. Given the strength of our Q1 accomplishments and our strong OTT momentum, we feel very good about our long-term growth strategy and our ability to achieve our three year guidance of revenue CAGR in the high single-digits and EPS CAGR in the double-digits. With that James, we can open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question today from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. 
Ben Swinburne: Thank you. Good morning. I want to touch on the direct-to-consumer streaming stuff and obviously take advantage of Jim being on the call. First, Jim, could you talk about the AVOD Opportunity? I mean we all know CBS All Access and the subscription businesses you've been building are doing quite well with Showtime. But AVOD is  there's a lot of focus on that marketplace today. It was interesting that you said you're basically sold out all the time. So just talk about what you're doing to try to drive that business, I don't know if you'd be willing to size it for us in terms of ad revenue or what kind of growth rates you're seeing and how do you create more impressions beyond just a driving engagement? And then just to broaden out the question across direct-to-consumer maybe for yourself and Joe. When you think about going to Europe and Latin America, Western Europe, Latin America with All Access, how do you think about that product strategy versus what we've seen here in the U.S., if it differs at all, particularly on the content side, because obviously you guys licensed a lot internationally. I'm just curious how you think about rolling that out strategically and how it might be different than here if at all?
Jim Lanzone: Ill start on the AVOD one. I mean, obviously it is a big opportunity, it is the most premium advertising online because it is not only the power of video, but it is very targeted, and so that's what drives the higher CPMs. Going back to that 2011 to 2014 time period, where we were conceiving and building All Access in  at the same time CBSN was being built, specifically as an AVOD opportunity because we knew we need to expand that inventory, at the same time, we had this amazing opportunity using our product infrastructure and journalists to create that product. So when last year you saw us come out of the gate hot, right with three more of these services with sports, entertainment and then the Roku version we have two more coming. And if you're just kind of asking me generally in the category, I definitely believe AVOD is here to stay, you have just even within All Access, as I said, two-thirds of the subscribers are choosing the limited commercial option. So even within All Access, it's a big opportunity. And then I think you will see us continue to try to press our advantage in launching into potentially more categories or more services.
Joe Ianniello: Yes. And Ben, its Joe. Look on your international question, look, it's a market-by-market, country-by-country analysis, the way we look at that. Obviously, we're balancing, licensing it. Our strategy here in the U.S. right was we still license it, but we didn't license it exclusively, we said exclusively except for our own services. So while our services are small, we're not really competing with them as we're building that. And so we're going to look at that. And so really what we're focused on as each countries, what is the offering, making sure its robust to really drive the subscription. So we'll continue to roll out, so that's why when we look at it and I use the metric the amount of people that are  that live outside the United States and the amount of mobile devices that they all have, as far as I'm concerned, they were all potential customers. And so we're going to need to reach them in new and improved ways with the advancements in technology. So I think that provides a lot of opportunity for us as we see how to maximize it. But it's country-by-country and franchise-by-franchise. I don't think we would  were kind of saying anything now or in the future that were not going to license content to third-parties because sometimes if they can pay you more money because they have a better infrastructure to monetize it, we will take that money and reinvest it back into our businesses.
Ben Swinburne: So presumably your revenue guidance captures for the license  whatever licensing path you sort of take is in that  baked into that guidance?
Joe Ianniello: Yes. Absolutely.
Ben Swinburne: Got It. Thank you both.
Joe Ianniello: Thanks, Ben. We're going to take the next question now.
Operator: Certainly our next question will come from Jessica Reif Ehrlich with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Reif Ehrlich: Thank you. I have two questions one on distribution and one an advertising. On distribution, could you talk about Apple is the new entrant, what the pricing is versus existing distributors? And how long that contract or the commitment is? What's the tone of conversations with traditional MVPDs for Showtime and for retrains? Given their own sub losses, which  this quarter, I mean you can see what's happened in the last quarter? And could you tell us how long your current Netflix deal goes? And then on advertising, I'm just switching gears. Obviously its got a pricing, its amazing and should point to a good upfront market, besides CPMs maybe chasing reduced ratings. So pricing being helped by money chasing eyeballs. What else is going on? I mean, do you see anything new on the advertising category? Is money coming in from digital? What  can you just talk about the undercurrents of what's going on?
Joe Ianniello: Its Joe, let me start and Jim and Chris just chime in. Ill start with your second one on scatter. Yes, I mean look you'd say it's  the pricing is chasing less eyeballs because ratings are down. I think our research confirms consumption is up. And again, they're watching different ways the example I use over 10% or 10 million viewers watched the Super Bowl outside their home. And so unless that's in the currency, we're leaving money on the table. So when you add all of these things in, it has to be in the currency. And so that's why it's so important for us to go from live to C3 to C7 to C8, C9, C10, our job is to deliver the advertiser to the consumer with our product. And if we do our job, we expect to be paid fairly. And so I think as you're seeing the shift in the consumption habits change, you're seeing the monetization trail. So when we go to market, we're selling mass reach with this targeted capabilities with our OTT offering. So we think, again, there's going to be a lot of emphasis on how to reach consumers, not just based on purely demographics. So I feel very good and it's all about the upfront, it is the next couple of weeks as you know, a lot of networks are going to be putting on some  nice shows and ours will be the best of the bunch. And then our ad sales team go to work in the month of June and we would expect to lead the market once again in terms of our pricing. As far as distribution, look Apple is just another player, its a similar model we have with our other partners that I ran through and mentioned. It's a multiyear deal, we have for CBS All Access and Showtime. And so the MVPDs understand that there are competitors in the market place, virtual MVPDs selling them direct. So that's been the marketplace for quite some time. Apple just entering it and so they're just maybe more consumers. But that's why seven quarters ago we started giving a stat that saying what our subs are, our subs are up, you add in, you're saying if there's cord-cutters, cord-shavers, cord-nevers, whatever you want to call them, put them together with virtual MVPDs and direct-to-consumer services. For seven quarters in a row we have grown subscribers, and so they have the choice, they have the flexibility to choose that. And so we feel really good and proud about that statistic, because there's not a lot of companies that could do this.
Chris Spade: Were also seeing growth in the traditional subs at Showtime.
Joe Ianniello: Yes.
Chris Spade: So we are seeing that premium content is a differentiator and drag the growth.
Reif Ehrlich: Okay. Thanks very much, gentlemen. I'm sorry, thanks very much gentlemen.
Joe Ianniello: Well, I think we're going to take the next question now.
Operator: Certainly, we'll hear from Alexia Quadrani from JP Morgan.
Alexia Quadrani: Hi, thank you so much. I just want to circle back on your comments, where you highlighted selling some content to third-parties, which we knew about, but it just seems like there you've got such a strong TV studio here. And I'm wondering sort of the age old question about how you're producing these potential hits for third-parties? You've got your direct-to-consumer products with Showtime and CBS All Access growing so strong and obviously your linear business. How do you balance it? I mean sort of I guess what are the puts and takes and trying to decide where  what goes where? And then my follow-up is sort of a bigger picture question maybe for Jim is sort of who do you really see as your competition on the DTC side with CBS All Access or Showtime? Is it the broader universe? Is it more of a niche player like HBO? I'm curious how you guys view the market.
Joe Ianniello: Okay, Alexia, its Joe, Ill go first and then Jim will take the second part. Look, I mean that's what we're doing with every franchise we create and so we're balancing, obviously we know what the show cost per episode, we know what we can sell it for, we put it through an analysis of how many incremental subs will it drive at All Access and we bring it to market. And so, there is a lot of demand for our premium content. So I think, we approach it with that opportunity. But clearly we look at that in-house first, obviously we're having a pretty buzzworthy show drop on Netflix tomorrow. The good news is, again, we own the underlying intellectual property rights, so thats going to be really good for us. So we can't put everything through our platform, I think and generate the type of returns that we can by selling in. So we're going to continue to be nimble and keep evaluating it, again, like I said franchise-by-franchise, we don't have the holistic of you, some outlets particular taste and particular type of content and we're serving that. But we really are looking at this holistically. Jim, do you want to take the second part?
Jim Lanzone: Yes, I mean you've heard read call out our competitors sleep in fortnight. I'll leave another comparison like that to him. But for us, weve looked at two main players in the marketplace, there are platforms and there are pure content players. On the platform side, one of the great things about being a content player that we can partner with anybody and where they sometimes tend to not do deals together because it's competitive. And look, obviously kind of behind your questions, there are more competitors coming into the marketplace, and to that, I'll just say two things, one is we definitely don't view it as a zero sum game, right? There is  there are a certain number of seats in this rocket ship that are taking off in our space. It's not an infinite amount, there aren't that many people who spend $8 billion plus per year on content and do it as well, as we do. And if we play this right, there's definitely a seat for us in that ship. The other thing I'd say is, we've already been at this since 2014, so we've already been competing against the Netflix to Hulu, Amazon, YouTube, HBO this entire time as we've been building our service and exceeding our expectations on sub growth. So we definitely have a position in that market that's unique and we definitely feel good about it regardless of who's coming into the space.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you very much. 
Joe Ianniello: Okay, thanks Alexia. We'll take the next question now.
Operator: Next we have from Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks. I have one for a Joe, Jim, and then one for Chris. So let me ask you secularly a question. I know the success of All Access has been great and you've done it for four or five years. But given the competition, why not combine Showtime and All Access into maybe a tighter bundle or a different package? So why run two separate SVOD products giving the rising competition you see right now? And then one for Chris. 
Jim Lanzone: Okay. Well, Ill just say on the back end, again from a cost perspective it's very efficient and that wouldn't be a reason, it would be a front end reason with our user base. Ill point out, we already offer these as upsells to each user base, so you can already get one service as part of the other. And just  so far today the user bases are differentiated somewhat, it's not that they couldn't come together in the future, they could, and we could add more content to that internal bundle of our own. But they are differentiated enough as our somewhat business models to date. So we are looking at it, it's something to consider for the future. But its definitely nothing that has held us back by any means on sub growth.
Joe Ianniello: Yes, Michael  you ask Chris, whatever, look. The consumer wants optionality, we're giving the consumer optionality. They can certainly today buy them together for a discount, and we offer that to them. But some who don't want to spend in the teens or dollars and only want to spend $5.99 we're going to give them that choice. Consumers want choice, convenience and control. Those are the three things we are satisfying with consumers. So we're serving that up to them and they will decide. And so, if we combine them, we think we've actually could have less subscribers. I think this actually provides  if by the way, totally different offerings right with CBS, you are getting live events, catch up viewing, library, originals. Showtime, youre getting edgy, niche, high brow product with movies. And so very complimentary, but that's why we offer them as a choice if they want to do that. But we really like the offering.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. Thats what Id ask. So Chris, do you  Chris, you mentioned that you had 30% more episodes in Showtime this quarter. Given the push at Showtime, will you help us think about how the whole year looks? Is this front end loaded on episodes or is this type of increase over there?
Chris Spade: Sure. I just want to make sure, you cut off a little bit, you said 30%, right?
Michael Nathanson: Right.
Chris Spade: Yes, okay. I thought I heard you said 3%, I just want to make sure, is that right number.
Michael Nathanson: No, 30
Chris Spade: Yes, the zero is important. So it's a good question because the first quarter is a bit front loaded from the standpoint when you look at what we're spending and the timing of when we're spending it. When you look at cable networks for the first quarter with the licensing revenue variation for Dexter not being there in 2019 and then the greater programming investment in Q1, we are going to expect to see that the trends will normalize and be solid over the course of the year.
Joe Ianniello: Yes, to think about it Michael, a front half, back half. Front half, I just listed all the shows were doing, obviously the subs com and stuff like that. So I would look at that as it improves over the year, but think about it as first half, back half. Yes.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. Thanks guys. 
Joe Ianniello: Okay. Thanks Michael. We'll take the next question now.
Operator: Michael Morris with Guggenheim has our next question.
Michael Morris: Thank you. Good afternoon. Two questions. First on your plans to expand Latin America, in other markets with the direct-to-consumer product, can you talk about the content investment to fuel that product? You referenced library content that's in demand. And I guess my question would be how much of the mix of content would be library that's really no incremental cost, how much is kind of maybe foregoing some licensing and how much is new content that you need specifically for those markets?  And then second on retransmission content. The growth rate that you saw in the first quarter, I think we're expecting to pick up over the course of the year. Can you talk a little bit about what that pacing looks like and maybe if you are seeing any negative impact or more significant negative impact in the subscriber environment right now? Thanks.
Joe Ianniello: Sure. Mike, I'll take the first and then Chris will take the retrans. Look, the content offering, again, look, it's going to be very little incremental investment. The incremental investment is if we really want a couple local content. In some countries, as you know, there are some quotas you have to have in these services. And so, for example, in Australia because we have Network Ten, we have a lot of local content. But basically, you're going to have library. And then again, you're just  it's the dial back of what you just really highlighted. It's what do we sell  what do we license the content for if it wasn't exclusive to that distributor and it was just so  it was exclusive, except for our service. And so it would be that, would be to pull back on what it is offset by the growth of the subs. But we want to make sure the offering has all three of those, current content, library and local live. And if we can have that, we're seeing that is the right mix to really drive the  where the appetite is for demand. So we're really balancing those three, but it's not going to be a lot of incremental cost initially. Chris on the retrans.
Chris Spade: On the retrans side, we didn't have any big retrans renewals in Q1, but we've had some coming up, as you know, later this year, so you'll see more of an increase in the back half of the year. And according to the subgrowth, we'll see more monetization from the subs that we added on later in the quarter, later this year. So there's no unusual trending going on there. 
Michael Morris: Okay, thank you.
David Bank: Thanks Mike, well take the next question.
Operator: Next, we have Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets. 
Dan Salmon: Good afternoon everyone. Maybe for Jim or Joe to start just to return back to the Latin American and Western Europe expansion plans, just anything you can add a little bit on time line presumably that starts this year. Are you thinking of it as sort of an initial wave of countries that can sort of plays out over a period of time and then you slow down? Or is this sort of the beginning of a long slow March that goes right into 2020 and beyond? Just any color on that would be great. And then, Jim, for you specifically, once again, you talked here about CBS developing a lot of their own technology for these products. Could you maybe just take us a layer deeper there and talk about sort of front and back end developments where  and how you decide between being proprietary or not? And then where you may use some partners for just capacity cloud, CDN, things like that and just help us understand that one layer deeper. Thank you.
Joe Ianniello: Dan its Joe. Ill go first. Look, we're taking our time with international. We're being methodical. We went Canada first, learned some lessons, seeing a lot of customer data, what's working, what's not wrecking, went to Australia. So we don't really want to put a time line on it and then be caught up to say something is behind or not behind. We're going as quickly as possible but thorough. Again, focused on making sure that the offering to the consumer is robust, and that's really going to be what it is on content availabilities and things of that nature thats there. So that's really the constraining factor, but we're committed to rolling this out in 200 countries around the world. And those are just going to be the regions where we're going to be pursuing next. But believe me the team knows how important this is. And again as I said, it's probably single-handedly the largest opportunity in front of us. 
Jim Lanzone: Yes, I mean, again, obviously, I can't speak too much about the proprietary nature of our stack, but just to take you back, I mean, one of the great things, I was at an event last time with a bunch of my peers in the industry and they were kind of talking shock about this. And one of the differences with us is that going, again, all the way back to, in some cases, 15 years, our division invented a lot of SVOD normal streaming event video and things like March Madness on-demand, a lot of the big events over the years and services that we offer.  And so we over time built the stack to handle what we were doing. That included, in 2013, our first Super Bowl. We've now just streamed our third Super Bowl. So by the time we did All Access, it was very natural to do it on our own stack. And now when we are launching these AVOD services, we were all right from CBSN, that team and that stack to helps the CBS Sports HQ team and theirs. And look, so how we decide what to build internally, and we have a great team and a big team on that, but it was truly strategic and what's core to us, right. In some ways things like our CMF is core to us and video absolutely is.  And then there are other things obviously on CDM side cloud and other certain facets of our subscription service that we will use third parties where we dont theme to be core and we just use best of breed third party. Also helps us on the cost side to keep certain parts of the variable. So we're always analyzing that. I'd say everybody in the industry is working off of an internal, external stack, comprised stack in some way. And we're no different. I think it's more that we've known what we've been building over time, we know that it works and we know we can rely on it.
Dan Salmon: Okay, thank you both.
David Bank: Thanks.
Jim Lanzone: Thanks Dan. We'll take the next question. 
Operator: We'll hear from David Miller with Imperial Capital.
David Miller: Yes, hey guys. Question for Joe and also a follow-up for Chris. Joe, was there any other any other motivation to switch Super Bowls with NBC other than the obvious reason, which, of course, is that NBC won the property for a airing the same years as Winter Olympics? I'm just wondering if there was another reason other than the obvious.  And then Chris, we had you guys being extremely free cash flow generative in the back half of the year as a lot of investments that you've talked about on this call, clearly bear fruit in Q3 and Q4, but you talked about your priorities for share repurchases at the back half, I don't think that was included in your script of comments. Appreciate the comments. Thanks.
Joe Ianniello: Thanks David, its Joe. Ill take the first one. Look, I think from NBC's vantage point, they probably looked at exactly that way. The NFL probably didn't want the Winter Olympics competing against the Super Bowl, not knowing when that would start and Winter Olympics would start. And for our vantage point is having the Super Bowl earlier was a fantastic opportunity for us. So I think it was win, win, win all the way around. Our analysis is simple because I laid out the flow of advertising revenue. And as you know, how that works that really is a big driver for us. And to have that back in two years was a lot of upside.  So I don't think there was any other than that on its surface was kind of the way we approached it. And I assumed the way NBC approach it as you suggest and why the NFL benefit from that well. So it kind of just made sense. Chris?
Chris Spade: Yes, thanks for the question David. So on the share repurchases front, we continue to believe that highest and best use of our cash is back in the business at the moment, so we'll be opportunistic about it later in the year, which is consistent with what we said in Q4.
David Miller: Okay, wonderful. Thank you.
Jim Lanzone: Thanks David.
Chris Spade: Thank you.
David Bank: Well take the next question.
Operator: Next question comes from Doug Mitchelson with Credit Suisse.
Doug Mitchelson: Thanks so much. Jim if I have a jibbing check what else would you  just potentials down the room, what else would you spend on the accelerated growth even further for
Jim Lanzone: For Joe its not in the room.
Chris Spade: Were blank there. 
Jim Lanzone: Go ahead Doug.
Doug Mitchelson: Chris will not be there either. What else would you spend to accelerate growth even further for CBS All Access? Is it more and more scripted content TV to expand new genres like, say, kids or content for teenagers? And then I guess Jim and Joe, is an argument we have that you should go per share on CBS All Access, lower the price as well above your retrans or reverse retrans rates, you got good advertising, as you talked about, rates on CBS All Access and even to go for a lower price to drive share and then try to walk up the ladder later?
Joe Ianniello: Doug Ill take the second one and Jim will give you the first one. Look, we think the price is pretty low already. We think it's a hell of a value proposition for consumers. Again, for $6, you're getting live television, new sports entertainment, big events, right, catch-up viewing, full stack, library, original series. So I hear you. So if we weren't seeing the success and the growth rate  and again, this quarter was our fastest-growing quarter of subs, so we feel really good. Just again, just last quarter we chose you, we tripled our sub growth from $8 million in 2020 to $25 in 2222. And weve already passed the eight. And so we feel really good about it. So it's really happening, so could we go lower, could we go faster, I mean, we can debate that. But quite candidly, we think it's a value proposition, and consumers are voting. Jim.
Jim Lanzone: Yes look Id say
Joe Ianniello: What do you want to do with your new build class?
Jim Lanzone: Well Joe would tell you, we actually from the very beginning never come in asking for a blank check. We absolutely made our own fuel and how we, as a company, funded these two services originally and the AVOD services. And while we definitely think there's a lot of room to grow, and we know that more content  not necessarily just regional, to your point, there are other categories, there's types of content. And we get pre-balanced usage across all of them. The building behind those as we go forward and building in the strength and we will spend more on that content, but we don't need to size out and just see what we can throw against the wall in the hopes of growing. We're getting that growth. We know exactly how we're getting it and we know how increase engagement.  The last thing I would just say is, again, you talk to David Nevins. Not everybody can make this much great content this consistently, with is such a high batting average. And so building these strengths up over time is a much smarter way to go.
Doug Mitchelson: Great, thank you.
Joe Ianniello: Okay, thanks Doug. I think we have time for one last question.
Operator: Out final question will come from Marci Ryvicker with Wolfe Research.
Marci Ryvicker: Thank you. Two quickly. Chris, you said Q2 local is pacing up 2%. Can you tell us what the underlying advertising component is that to that plus two? And how that may compare to the underlying advertising in the first quarter? And then Joe, you mentioned $8 billion to be spent on content in this year.
Joe Ianniello: Yes.
Marci Ryvicker: How has that figure changed over time and how will that change over time? 
Jim Lanzone: Sure, I'll move first Marci. So last year we spent a little over $7 billion. And so now we're saying we spent over $8 billion. Just directionally, you can see that. Obviously, you have the Super Bowl this year and stuff. So we are significantly ramping up. On the last call, we said we were going from seven shows on Alexus [ph] to 11. Showtime was increasing their original production by 30%. So you really kind of seeing us put those dollars to work, which is really what's driving the subgrowth, which in turn is driving the revenue growth that we have in our financial outlook. So we feel really good about the spend. And we I say spent, but we really mean invest because, as Chris pointed out, it is our best return on invested capital is to make more. And look, we would just discussing, if we can make that same quality sooner, we'd even do more. So we're balancing the quality, the storytelling and all of that stuff with the growth. But it's significant amount of money. And like I said, as I put our spend up against anybody. Chris?
Chris Spade: Yes, thanks for the question Marci. So relative to local advertising, the second quarter growth, as I said, we're currently pacing into low single digits. I also want to just point out that our first quarter results we said we were going to be in the high single digits of growth and we came in about 10%. So we feel really good about where the underlying trends are pacing right now.
Marci Ryvicker: Does that include retrans?
Chris Spade: No, it doesnt.
Marci Ryvicker: Got it. Thank you.
David Bank: Okay. Well thank you everybody. And that concludes today's call.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-15 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the CBS Corporation Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Release Teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. And at this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. David Bank. Please go ahead sir.
David Bank: Thanks Greg. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter 2018 earnings call. Joining us with today's remarks are Joe Ianniello, our President and Acting CEO; Sean McManus our Chairman of CBS Board; and Chris Spade, our Chief Financial Officer. Following Joe, Sean, and Chris' remarks, we will open the call up to questions. Please note that during today's conference call, results will be discussed on an adjusted basis, unless otherwise specified. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found in our earnings release or on our website. Also, note that statements on this call relating to matters, which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's SEC filings. A webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can also be found on the Investor Relations section of our website at cbscorporation.com. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Joe.
Joseph Ianniello: Thanks, David, and good afternoon everyone. I'm pleased to report that CBS has turned in its best quarter ever in terms of revenue and profit as we increasingly benefit from being ahead of the game with our direct-to-consumer focus. Today, I'm going to give you a number of important updates about that part of our business and outline our direct-to-consumer strategy going forward. Then as you heard joining us today is Sean McManus the Chairman of CBS Sports. With more than 40 years in the sports television business Sean has developed and nurtured some of the strongest relationships in the entire industry. He will lay out our sports strategy including our partnership with the NFL which this past season culminated in CBS's broadcast of Super Bowl 53 just 11 days ago. After Shawn, Chris will provide you with additional color about our results and talk about our financial goals. But first let me frame the numbers for you. As you saw in our release, CBS delivered all-time highs in revenue, operating income and EPS for both the quarter and the full year. We also crossed $4 billion in quarterly revenue for the very first time and we have now grown our EPS for nine consecutive years in 36 consecutive quarters. Our track record is clear; we continue to grow CBS's revenue an EPS while positioning the company for an even brighter future. Working with our senior management team and our board of directors we have developed a long-term growth plan that will benefit shareholders for many years to come. The heart of this plan has always been the same creating and distributing premium content with mass appeal on a global scale. What's changing is the way people engage with that content and it's giving us an opportunity for a better business model. This is why a few years ago we began pivoting to direct-to-consumer, it gives viewers the experience they're looking for while providing better economic terms for us a great combination indeed as most of you know our two primary subscription streaming services are CBS All Access and Showtime. By getting in early, we now have clear evidence that these services are working and as they continue to scale, we are outperforming our expectations as well as the targets we previously laid out for you. And so today, I'm pleased to tell you we have already achieved 8 million subscribers combined from these services. We originally told you we would hit that mark by the end of 2020, then last year we accelerated our commitment and said we hit that by the end of 2019. Now, we are announcing that we have already crossed 8 million subscribers nearly two years ahead of our original schedule. CBS All Access and Showtime are growing so rapidly that we're prepared to increase our future projections as well. Six months ago, we told you that our goal was to achieve 16 million subs from these two services by 2022. Today, we are raising that target to 25 million subs by 2022 more than triple the number we have now. And that doesn't include any subs from our international direct-to-consumer platforms which represent a significant additional opportunity for us, and it doesn't include our rapidly growing ad supported direct-to-consumer channels including CBSN, CBSN Local, CBS Sports HQ and ET Live all of which are contributing to make CBS All Access a unique and more robust content offering. In addition to the million sub I just told you about, we have another early mover advantage in direct-to-consumer and that is rich data which gives us valuable intelligence about the subscriber journey. We are hearing loud and clear that in addition to watching our content on-demand and outside the home our subscribers love our premium content and they want more of it, so our focus is squarely on delivering that to them. At All Access, we went from three originals in 2017 to seven originals in 2018 and here in 2019 we'll be adding four more to get us to 11 nearly quadrupled the number we had just two years ago. In that Showtime will be expanding our slate of original programming, increasing our documentary series, adding premium boxing events and launching a weekly talk show Desus & Mero for the very first time. In all Showtime will produce 30% more hours of original programming in 2019 than we did in 2018. That rich data I just mentioned also allows us to drill down and learn more and more about our viewer's preferences. This is very valuable to our content creators and to our advertising clients as well. Owning the customer relationship is critical and we are just beginning to achieve what's possible here and as we do it's enhancing the lifetime value of each subscriber who signed up for our services and allowing us for greater efficiency in reacquiring customers who have paused their subscriptions. As we increase the premium content we create, we are deliberately pursuing a two-pronged monetization strategy. First and foremost, we are building our in-house direct-to-consumer services. And second, we are benefiting from the lucrative business of licensing our content to third parties. Selling Star Trek: Discovery to Netflix internationally, while streaming it exclusively here in the US on All Access is emblematic of this strategy and provides for interesting opportunities for us going forward. Along the way, our in-house studios have been among the strongest players in the business. We are now creating 76 original series up 17% from just a year ago and we have several high - high, new profile projects that we're licensing to premium streaming services. These include Swagger from NBA star Kevin Durant and Imagine Entertainment which we're producing for Apple and it includes Diary Of A Female President that we're producing with Gina Rodriguez star of Jane the Virgin for Disney Plus. By the way the first project from an outside studio to be picked up by Disney's upcoming streaming service. But as I mentioned, our primary focus is to create premium content for our own key brands. At All Access we kicked off 2019 in a big way with season 2 premiere of Star Trek: Discovery. Next month the good fight returns and on April 1, Oscar winner Jordan Peele will take us to another dimension with the highly anticipated premiere of The Twilight Zone. Later this year, we'll add a true crime drama called Interrogation and a dark comedy called Why Women Kill from Marc Cherry the creator of Desperate Housewives which stars Lucy Liu. And we'll end 2019 by coming full circle with the launch of a new Star Trek series starring Sir Patrick Stewart as legendary captain John Luc Picard. At Showtime we continue to benefit from our strategy of giving audiences a full slate of must have content staggered throughout the year. In 2018 we had four of the top six hour long scripted shows on premium cable and we finished the year with an all-time high of 27 million subs. We also launched our highest rated limited series ever in the fourth quarter with Escape at Dannemora which earned Patricia Arquette Best Actress awards from the Golden Globes, Critics Choice, and SAG. The momentum continues here for Showtime in Q1. Last month Showtime set a new weekly screaming record with the return of Shameless and SMILF and the premiere of our new series Black Monday starring Don Cheadle. Ahead in 2019, we'll be launching two new series that are already getting a lot of buzz. The loudest voice in the room starring Oscar winner Russell Crowe as Roger Ailes and City on a Hill a drama starring Kevin Bacon that's produced by Ben Affleck and Matt Damon. As we continue to invest in original programming for CBS All Access and Showtime, we are extremely fortunate to also have the most watched platform in all of media, the CBS Television Network. Not only is CBS number one yet again, but we also have five of the top 10 series on television including the number one series Big Bang Theory and the number one drama NCIS and as importantly we have five of the top 10 new shows including four that we have ownership in. FBI, God Friended Me, Magnum P.I. and The Neighborhood. Come may, we are confident that we will win this season for the eleventh consecutive year and we expect to be number one with or without the Superbowl. We're also attracting viewers across platforms with our live event programming. Sean will tell you more about that on the sports side and in entertainment on Sunday the Grammys delivered 20 million viewers to the CBS Television Network and 24% increase in unique viewers and double-digit growth and time spent on CBS All Access once again all of this success is driven by our must have premium content. We're also number one in late night where Season-To-Date the late show with Stephen Colbert is number one across all key demos and his margin of victory has grown to 1.3 million viewers on average per night his largest yet. As part of those 76 series I just mentioned, Stephen Colbert and James Gordon continue to create compelling content outside their own shows including Hobbes our cartoon president on Showtime and Corden's Drop the Mic on TBS both of which have been picked up for additional seasons. At CBS News, we are very proud to have Susan Zirinsky take the reins to build on the legacy of this great organization. No broadcast news producer is more highly respected and admired than Susan and she has already taken a number of key steps forward including the appointment of Bill Owens as executive producer of 60 minutes, which in its 51 season is yet again a consistent top 10 show. In local media 2018 was a record year for political spending and as I mentioned, we have also begun to roll-out our local direct-to-consumer streaming services starting with CBSN New York which launched during the quarter. We'll be expanding to other major markets in 2019 beginning with Los Angeles. Just like we achieved a whole new revenue source for our stations with retransmission consent fees, we believe building local major market direct-to-consumer streaming services will help grow this business for many years to come. Turning the Publishing Simon & Schuster delivered 206 New York times bestsellers in 2018 up 6% from the prior year. This is also a business that is taking advantage of the changes in consumer habits. More than 4000 titles are now available in digital audio where our revenue has grown 20% from last year. So, across our company we continue to demonstrate consistent and sustainable growth by doing what we do best creating premium content. And now more than ever investment in content is our best and highest use of our cash and provides the best return for our shareholders. Content investment drives revenue growth opportunities in retrans and reverse comp and in virtual MVPD's and in global licensing and in advertising and it's especially powerful for driving growth at our direct-to-consumer platforms. So, from CBS News to CBSN and CBSN Local from CBS Sports to CBS Sports HQ, from Entertainment Tonight to ET Live from CBS to CBS All Access and from traditional Showtime to Showtime over the top our direct-to-consumer services are our future where others are just announcing their ambitions we are hitting our stride poised to take significant leaps ahead and that's because we offer live on-demand programming across news, sports, and entertainment nationally, locally, and internationally this gives CBS a unique value proposition that will continue to resonate with consumers as their viewing habits continue to change. Lastly, I want to say how proud I am of the thousands of CBS employees who kept their focus during this challenging year and worked so hard to achieve the record results you see here today. As you heard, we're very excited about our growth strategy and we feel very good about our future as a global multi-platform premium content company. We couldn't do this without our greatest asset of all, our people. With that, I'd like to hand the call off to one of those key people Sean McManus. Take it away John.
Sean McManus: Thank you, Joe and hello everyone. CBS Sports is in the middle of one of the most remarkable runs ever with four marquee championships in the span of just four months. The Super Bowl, the NCAA Basketball Championship, The Masters and for the first time ever in May, The PGA Championship. Nothing else in media can deliver the type of audience like a major sporting event on broadcast television and we are thrilled that CBS Sports is leading off 2019 with four of the most watched and most anticipated sporting events on the calendar. These high-profile events lift the value of the entire CBS Corporation, they generate significant advertising dollars drive subscribers to CBS All Access and provide a promotional platform that cannot be beat. And for MVPD's, virtual MVPD's and television stations our extensive portfolio of sporting events make CBS a must carry driving strong and steady increases in affiliate and subscription fees. While the biggest of our major sporting events is of course the Super Bowl which delivered an audience of over 100 million viewers easily the most watched broadcast of the year and that doesn't include the 12 million viewers who watch the broadcast outside of their homes. It was also the single highest revenue day for CBS generating hundreds of millions of dollars in ad sales with 30 second spots hitting a new all-time high. In their first Super Bowl together Jim Nantz, Tony Romo and Tracy Wolfson were outstanding. Tony's ascension has been just remarkable. Four years ago, just before the Super Bowl in Arizona, CBS Sports President David Berson and I ran into Tony at the commissioner's party. I asked Tony what he thought of the Super Bowl match-up between New England and Seattle and he responded with an unbelievably passionate and insightful breakdown of the game. After we spoke, I said to David that man is going to be a lead analyst one day, I just hope it's with us. Well we stayed in touch and when Tony retired two years later, we made the bold move to take him straight from the field to the number one NFL analyst position something that had never been done before. Yes, it was a risk, but it was a calculated risk and in just two short years Tony has become a huge media star and is already considered by many to be the best analyst in all of sports television. There is no doubt we made the right move bringing him on with Jim and Tracy, the team is just extraordinary. They delivered one of the best all time Super Bowl performances and we expect Tony to be at CBS for many years to come. Beyond the game itself, the Super Bowl provides an incredible platform for the CBS Corporation after the game, world's best launched as the most watched season premiere on any network in nine years and the late show with Stephen Colbert scored its third highest viewer total ever. On our direct-to-consumer platforms, the Super Bowl also helped deliver a record-breaking day for CBS All Access in terms of new subscriber sign ups, unique viewers, and time spent and it helped set single day records for unique viewers and streaming minutes at CBS Sports HQ our 24/7 sports streaming network. Super Bowl 53 was also the biggest single revenue day ever for our station group, as well as the all-time biggest day for ad sales at two of our owned stations KCBS in Los Angeles and WBC in Boston. Super Bowl 53 was the culmination of a strong NFL season, the NFL on CBS was up 6% from last year's regular season and the playoffs were up 12% and of course the AFC championship was one of the truly epic games of all time, the second most watched AFC championship game in 42 years. While the season officially ended 11 days ago, we've already begun meeting with the NFL to plan for next year. We expect another great AFC slate next fall bolstered by our new arrangement that gives us several high-profile NFC games as well. With the Super Bowl in our rear-view mirror, we are now shifting our focus to an event that captivates America for two and a half weeks, the NCAA men's basketball tournament. This year the madness concludes with the final four and championship games all airing on CBS in early April. Once again this is great not only from a national perspective but also for our owned and operated stations as well as our local affiliates. Well, from the final four Minneapolis we head to Augusta for a tradition unlike any other, the masters on CBS. This will be our 64th consecutive masters and it's by far the most watched and most anticipated golf tournament each and every year. Also, in golf we recently signed a new 11-year agreement to broadcast the PGA championship through the year 2030 and beginning this year the PGA championship will move from August to its new permanent date in May, we could not be more pleased. The viewership will be up in May and the sales marketplace is much better in May and having the masters in April and the PGA in May solidifies our position as the broadcast leader in golf as the only network with two major championships and more PGA tour events than anyone else. At the conclusion of this deal, CBS Sports will have been the home to the PGA championship for 40 consecutive years. All of these long-term deals are the result of decades long relationships that we enjoy with our major rights holders both parties have mutually benefitted in having big live sporting events is more important than ever in this rapidly changing media landscape that's true not only for our broadcast network but also for our digital platforms. The longer we lock up preeminent sports properties, the better positioned we are strategically, and our top tier properties extend into the next decade and beyond. This includes our deal for March Madness which runs through 2032 and at the conclusion will mark 51 consecutive years on CBS. That also includes SEC Football the highest rated college football package for 10 straight years which goes through 2023, we expect to reach a long-term extension well before then keeping the best games from the best conference here on CBS. That also includes the army navy football game which extends through 2028 and that includes our 59-year partnership with the PGA Tour which continues through 2021. We also plan to renew these rights well before the expiration of this agreement. Finally, we have four years remaining on our NFL contract and we fully expect to keep the NFL on CBS for many years to come. As we prepare to renew our rights, it's important to remember the absolute power of CBS and our full portfolio of broadcast and streaming assets while the NFL has been very good for CBS, CBS has indeed been very good for the NFL generating huge audiences and interest in the game and when you add the distribution reach of our digital audience including CBS All Access and Mobile our cable properties and the strength of our local stations to the power of America's most watched broadcast network it's easy to see the tremendous value that CBS brings to the NFL. I still remember doing our first deal to bring the NFL back to CBS, 21 years ago and now we just had our twentieth Superbowl on CBS more than any other network. Well, times have changed the one constant is that both parties have mutually benefited. As the NFL states often, they strongly value and prioritize the reach of broadcast television. These facts are not only true for NFL relationship but for all the partnerships I just mentioned. In addition to broadcast rights, we are proud to set the industry standard with our production expertise and our continued innovation in technology both of which are extremely valuable to our partners and our viewers. For decades they have relied on our expertise, whether it's producing up to eight NFL games on a single Sunday afternoon leading the production for the Masters, the PGA Championship and PGA tour events or broadcasting multiple games and updates at the same time during the NCAA tournament. They know they are getting the best in the business in front of and behind the camera and a network that takes enormous pride in covering their events. And our innovation doesn't stop on the big screen either, CBS is it well ahead of the game in reaching new and younger viewers who prefer to watch on mobile and digital devices, and we make it a priority to include rights for all CBS platforms in all of our deals. All of our properties including the PGA tour events, the NCAA Tournament, the Masters, the PGA Championship, SEC Football and NFL Football are currently available to stream live on CBS All Access. This extends our reach to a wider audience and allows fans to view our content however they choose benefiting CBS as well as all of our partners. CBS Sports continues to be a visionary in the sports digital and mobile space. In 2018, we ranked number two among all digital properties for the second consecutive year. The launch of CBS Sports HQ nearly a year ago was truly ground breaking and unique in the industry and it continues to grow in all key viewership metrics and with their data driven sports line property our focus on expert picks and predictive analysis along with our proprietary algorithms, we are well in the early days of capitalizing on the expansion of legal sports gambling. I'm confident that CBS Sports is extremely well positioned for the future. We strategically aligned with our best in class league partners and have carefully nurtured these mutually beneficial relationships for many decades. Live sporting events attract big broadcast audiences and that becomes more important every day in delivering ad dollars in growing subs and fuelling increases in retrains, reverse comp and virtual MVPD's driving revenue for the entire corporation. With signature properties locked up for the long-term, the rights to broadcast these events across multiple platforms and continued innovation to serve sports fans, CBS will continue to bring consumers exceptional sports coverage in all the ways they want to watch it and with three more major events to come over the next three months that will be on full display right here on CBS. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Chris.
Christina Spade: Thank you, Sean and good afternoon everyone. As you heard CBS continues to thrive in the rapidly evolving media landscape driven by our strategy of creating must have content and delivering it to consumers on any platform make you. That's true whether it's the Super Bowl, March Madness or any one of the big sports championships that Sean just mentioned or Young Sheldon, FBI or any one of our hit shows on the CBS Television Network or Lily and Ray Donovan are the premier pay-per-view boxing events we have on Showtime or Star Trek: Discovery, The Good Fight or the upcoming Twilight Zone on CBS All Access. As a result, we delivered all-time highs in revenue, operating income and earnings per share for both the quarter and for the year while also investing more in our content and new distribution platform. As Joe mentioned, we have created a new fast growing and highly scalable revenue stream with our direct-to-consumer streaming services, CBS All Access and Showtime. As consumer behavior and the marketplace evolve direct-to-consumer offers a tremendous opportunity and we are strategically focused to capitalize on this growth. With our strong record of success in developing hit series, we are now further positioning our direct-to-consumer platform for accelerated growth by leaning even more into our programming. Now, let me give you some more details about our fourth quarter results. Revenue in the fourth quarter grew 3% and as you heard exceeded $4 billion for the first time, first time ever and we achieved this increase even without the benefit of Thursday Night Football. Affiliate and subscription fees were up 11% in the fourth quarter to more than $1 billion driven by 53% increase in our direct to consumer subscription revenue and once again as the stand-out in the industry our CBS and Showtime subs grew across platform and were up 7% year-over-year. Retrans and reverse comp were strong and finished 2018 at just over $1.6 billion and altogether retrans, reverse comp and virtual MVPD revenues increased 22% for the year. Content licensing and distribution revenue totaled $1.1 billion for the quarter compared with $1.2 billion in the prior year due to the timing of sales [ph] which can be lumpy quarter-to-quarter. For the full year, content licensing was up 3% to $4.1 billion this is the first year we have crossed $4 billion for content licensing. Advertising was up 7% to $1.9 billion in the fourth quarter as you heard we had a record year on political at our local media business. And at the CBS Television Network growth in underlying network advertising accelerated and was up 2% in the fourth quarter. For the full year 2018, network advertising came in at $4 billion which is consistent with prior years. Also, during the fourth quarter operating income grew 10% to a record $837 million even with our increased content investments our operating income margin expanded by 0.21% and EPS grew 25% to $1.5 or highest for any quarter. On a full year basis, as you've heard we delivered our best ever result. Revenue was up 6% to $14.5 billion, operating income was up 5% just over $3 billion and EPS was up 18% to $5.19. Now let's turn to our operating segment. Entertainment revenue for the fourth quarter was $2.83 billion from $2.86 billion a year ago mainly due to the timing of licensing sale. Affiliate from subscription fees continue to grow strongly and were up 17% led by increases in reverse comp and growth at CBS All Access and advertising increased 2%. Entertainment operating income in the fourth quarter was $438 million compared with $465 million in the prior year reflecting our increased investment in programming and our direct-to-consumer platform including the launch of both ET Live and Ten Will access in Australia. At our Cable Network segment revenue for the quarter grew 8% to $551 million. Our showtime subs increased in linear and direct-to-consumer both sequentially and year-over-year with accelerated growth on our OTP platform. The segment also benefited from higher international licensing sales and Showtime is positioned as the number one boxing network including the Deontay Wilder Tyson Fury pay per view boxing event in the fourth quarter. Operating income for cable networks was $193 million in the fourth quarter compared with $207 million in the prior year reflecting our increased programming investment including the launch of the critically acclaimed limited series Escape At Dannemora. In publishing revenue for the fourth quarter was $218 million compared with $235 million in 2017. Best-selling titles in the quarter included Elevation by Steven King and Queen of Air and Darkness by Cassandra Clare. Publishing operating income for the quarter was up 2% at $46 million driven by lower production costs and the operating income margin expanded two points to 21%. At Local Media, fourth quarter revenue increased 25% to $561 million led by record political spending. In terms of other advertising categories, healthcare and entertainment grew strongly in addition retrans increased 11% for the quarter. Local media operating income for the fourth quarter was up 72% to $239 million, yes 72% and the local media operating income margin expanded 12 points to 43%. Turning to cash flow and our balance sheet. For the year free cash flow of $1.3 billion grew 27% even with our higher programming investments. The increase was driven by lower cash taxes as well as continued growth in our affiliate and subscription fee. During the fourth quarter, we negotiated an agreement to sell TV City for $750 million which limited our share repurchases. We repurchased $100 million of our stock in Q4 and for the year we repurchased $600 million. As we look to 2019, we are focused on investing even more in our core content business. In the first half of the year, we will allocate 100% of our cash to invest in the business and improve financial flexibility and the second half of the year we will be opportunistic in buying back our stock. We will fund our additional content investments efficiently in a few ways from strong direct-to-consumer revenue growth by unlocking value from our non-core assets such as our TV City deal which closed January 31 and by streamlining our organization and reallocating resources which is at least a $100 million opportunity for us. And we will do all of this while remaining committed to our solid debt ratings. Now, let me tell you what we see ahead. With the big events sports programming from the Super Bowl and NCAA men's basketball championship that Sean just told you about. We expect 2019 to be a record year in advertising. Here in the first quarter of 2019, demand for national advertising remains robot and scatter is pacing to be about 25%. And at our Local Media segment revenue for the first quarter is placing to be up high single-digit. In content licensing, we continue to build our content pipeline with new hit shows on CBS, CBS All Access and Showtime. As we evolve our licensed windowing approach to ensure that we're maximizing the offerings of our direct-to-consumer platform, we believe we will see more licensing opportunities as others pull back from the marketplace. So, we are remaining opportunistic and fully modify our content in smartest way possible. In affiliate and subscription fee revenue, we continue to capture the true fair value of our content as we renegotiate deals in retrans and reverse comp. We have about 70% of our subscriber base coming up for renewal over the next two years. And in direct-to-consumer as you heard, we already hit our previously stated goals and we have set a new target of 25 million subscribers combined by the end of 2022. As we lean more heavily into programming, marketing and technology investments. Overall from retrans and reverse comp, virtual MVPD, direct-to-consumer, international content licensing and new opportunities in advertising, we are on track to meet or exceed our goals that we previously laid out for you. So, in summary CBS continues to stay ahead of the changes in our industry by moving early, executing on our strategy and investing wisely for continued long-term growth. In the evolving media landscape, we are well positioned to deliver the best programming to consumers no matter how they watch our content. As we continue transformer revenue mix, we have more visibility into our future than ever before. So, we are now able to provide you with a multi-year outlook. Through 2021, we expect the revenue CAGR in the high single-digit and an ETS CAGR in the double-digit up from the record ETS of $5.19 we reported today. This aligns our financial goals with our long-term strategy, so investors can see the power of the growth opportunities ahead of us. In summary, we continue to invest in our company's multi-platform future, and we remain as focused as ever on maximizing our revenue opportunity to deliver long-term growth for our shareholders. With that Greg, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you very much ma'am. [Operator Instructions] And first from Morgan Stanley, we'll hear from Ben Swinburne.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thank you. Not a Cowboys fan, but will agree with you on Romo being excellent. Sean, I wanted to come back since you're on the call and you're talking about the NFL, I'm sure you're aware there's a lot of focus on the upcoming rates renewal in the marketplace. How do you think about or how should we think about the risk around the technology platforms entering this upcoming auction, I think gets to an auction? And how do you think the NFL in particular is thinking about those platforms as an option? And then I don't know if you people are going to help us on this, but any sense for timing as to when you think there may be a resolution on all those? Is this a 2019 event or do you think this is -- that moves on further into 2020? And then I have one follow-up.
Sean McManus: I think it's probably further into 2020 or beyond. And I think the NFL probably wants to get their collective bargaining agreement done first before they talk about the television deals. And I can't speak for the strategy of the digital companies, all I can speak for is CBS and since we brought the NFL back to CBS in 1998, we've been successful three times in renewing our rights and I would expect to do so again. The NFL, I think, values and they've set these values very highly, broad distribution of their product and there's no better broad distribution than the number one network at CBS.
Joseph Ianniello: And Ben, it's Joe. Look, I would just add to that. Just look at Thursday Night Football as an example where they could certainly experiment it and went to a streaming platform exclusively. I think they love to reach broadcast which is their core demographic audience, I don't think you ever want to kind of cut off your core audience. So, the broad reach of broadcast is just an example, I think Thursday Night Football just proves that.
David Bank: Thanks, Ben. Okay Greg next question. I'm sorry. Are you still there, Ben?
Benjamin Swinburne: I'm still here.
David Bank: Yes.
Joseph Ianniello: Please do, Ben.
Benjamin Swinburne: Okay. I was going to ask Joe, Am I still there?
David Bank: Yes. Go ahead, Ben.
Benjamin Swinburne: Now that the Board, the new Board has been around for a little bit, Joe, I'm just wondering if there's been any change in how they think about the company's strategy or capital allocation. I know you talked about sort of pulling back in the buyback near term and I've heard from you guys, it's never been a better time to invest in the business, but any update on how they think about the company's strategy, positioning and capital allocation that we should be aware of now?
Joseph Ianniello: Yes, I think, as I said a little bit in my remarks, Ben, I think working with our entire senior management team going through our new Board process and orientation, if you will, understanding and really laying out the priorities from a management team as we see it, I think we are 100% aligned with the Board in that the best and highest use of our capital is to create more premium content. They're seeing -- they see the returns, they see the math of it, so they see the unit economics and they're saying, well, why can't we do more? So, I think we're really synced up with them on that front. And so, we want to create -- focus our energies and our capital to doing what we do best in creating content. So, I couldn't be more pleased with that.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thank you.
David Bank: Okay. Thanks, Ben. We'll take the next question now, Greg.
Operator: Absolutely. Next, we'll hear from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia Quadrani: Hi. Thank you very much. My question is really on the CBS All Access and the impressive targets you guys put up today. Any more color in terms of the mix, in terms of how much is Showtime versus CBS All Access and what the trajectory looks like to get there? What does that suggest for your linear business in terms of you see sort of, maybe -- is it all additive or will it be an accelerated decline in the linear business? I guess, any color on that front.
Joseph Ianniello: Yes. Sure, Alexia, it's Joe. Look, the 25 million sub we just provided, I think you should assume it's approximately about 50:50. We have healthy competitive rates going on between our two siblings here. And so, we like to tweak them both each if one passes each other for a period of time. So, it's really healthy. But about -- I would think about that 50:50, if that helps. As you could see, we've moved up these targets quite substantially. As you can see, today, it's really driven by original programming, live, big event television, catch-up viewing, deep library, all of those things are really what's driving the subscription services. But I would say, look, it's been additive certainly to-date and we see that continuing, because as we've said, our subs are up. So, in the traditional space, when you look at our subs across CBS and Showtime, forget about the ARPU, I'm literally just even just focused just on the sub count. So, our subs are up and clearly All Access is growing rapidly. And so, we want to lean into that further. So, we really like the position that we're in.
Alexia Quadrani: And then with 25 million subs, what does that say about the advertising opportunity? I would assume that's a pretty sizable opportunity on your digital platform?
Joseph Ianniello: Alexia, I mean, I hope it came across in my comments, but again the data that we're getting, we're really starting to sell beyond demographics. And I think that is really proven to be extremely valuable to our advertising clients, but also to the content creators as hopefully, we can make shows that speak to our audiences as we learn more and more about them. The example I always use, Showtime has been in the subscription business since inception, but never had any of the data on the subscribers, because the third-party distributors had a hold of that. Now we have that for the first time and we're being -- we're getting smarter and smarter with all that. So, it's really -- this data is really helping us on a two-pronged approach. The advertising has been much more effective for our clients and really helping our content creators to be more efficient.
David Bank: Thanks, Alexia. Greg, we'll take the next one.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you very much.
Operator: Moving on, we have Jessica Reif Ehrlich with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thanks. My first question, Joe and/or Sean, is on sports gambling. How are you thinking about that opportunity for CBS from multiple perspective as an ad category to monetizing across the board as a company?
Sean McManus: Hi, Jessica, it's Sean. We're looking at it really carefully. It's still only allowed in eight states, so it isn't really a national play yet. The local advertising has been there and I think once it becomes more national, you'll probably see more national advertising. I mean we're looking at it really closely. We have not yet chosen a partner. A lot of people want to partner with us. We haven't chosen anybody yet, but we're looking at it very carefully. And I think both from an advertising standpoint and, hopefully down the line, from an engagement standpoint, it can increase the value of our live programming.
Joseph Ianniello: Yes. And, Jessica, all I would add to that is obviously, from our programming standpoint, we have CBS Sports HQ, which is a 24/7 streaming service and we have a cable property with CBS Sports Network. So, we certainly have platforms to really monetize this type of content as well, as well as just selling it, I think, our reach will be very available to the publishers as they want to expand that business.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: And then -- thank you. And then my follow-up is, Joe, you just made a really interesting comment about selling to -- as others pull back, you see that as an opportunity. Could you talk -- just give us a little more color on that? And where are you in your current Netflix deal?
Joseph Ianniello: Yes. Well, when you say current -- I mean, we're in -- we have multiple Netflix deals. Just we sell different pieces of property to Netflix and others. So, look, I highlighted a two-pronged approach, meaning we certainly want to evaluate if we have a franchise, let's use Twilight Zone as the example coming up, how many subscribers are we going to generate here and abroad? And are we maximizing the value of it? And what is the marketplace willing to pay us for that franchise? The content licensing business is a great business. Make no mistake about that. So, we want to make sure we're always open to doing that, because if a third-party is better able to monetize it than our infrastructure, we should take the excess value we've receive and redeploy it into making more contents. So, you're hearing others pull back on selling to third parties. And so, we believe that our beachfront property is going to be even scarcer. So, we really want to sit back and evaluate our approach to licensing, but we definitely see it continuing for the foreseeable future.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you.
David Bank: Thanks, Jessica. Greg, ready for the next question.
Operator: Next from Guggenheim, we have Mike Morris.
Michael Morris: Thank you. Good afternoon. Two questions. First, at the entertainment segment, the rate of affiliate growth, the subscription growth slowed compared to the prior quarters. And I'm hoping you can help us with maybe what some of the factors were there? And how to think about that pace of growth going forward? Was it on -- was there anything -- I know you've got renewals in the fourth quarter last year, did that contribute or Thursday Night Football payments or anything related to that? And you mentioned the 70% renewals over the next two years. Could you help us with any renewals that will impact the coming year? And then I want to ask one about programming.
Christina Spade: Sure. Hi, it's Chris. Thanks for the question. So, in terms of this year, it's all timing. I mean, in terms of our trajectory for growth, it's strong and there is no concern there. It's truly timing. In terms of the next two years, the 70% renewals, it's consistently across the two years and we really feel that we're going to reset our rate to fair value like we've done in the past. So, from the standpoint of where we are with that, we're coming from a position of strength.
Michael Morris: Okay. Just to be clear then, when you mention timing about the 17% growth in the fourth quarter, does that look like a run rate for you as you go into the next year? Was that sort of...
Joseph Ianniello: Mike, it's just the timing when the deals get reset. I think Chris was highlighting. So, I think again, as you know, we have a big one in the middle of next year that will reset. And so, I think it's really what quarter it falls in. But as you know those deals when they get reset depending where they're coming from, obviously, the increases could be substantially higher than 17%.
Michael Morris: Okay. Thanks for that. And then on the programming side. As you look to drive more subs to All Access and you put more original content on there, how do you think about All Access being a first window for your programming investment and then making that content available perhaps in your primetime slate later in the year, is that something you're concerned about?
Joseph Ianniello: Yes, Mike, it's an interesting comment, because we're discussing that literally as we speak in that -- again, the great part of owning the intellectual property is you have choice. And so, for instance, just how the syndication business has proven to be extremely valuable over the years, it's not a new business, but historically, right we've taken shows off net after three or four years and put them on cable networks and/or streaming services, the older series, to drive awareness back to the broadcast network. When we look at A Good Fight, for example, and we see a few million people have watched The Good Fight given that it's exclusively on All Access, what if we took season one of The Good Fight and put it on the CBS broadcast network to drive subscribers back to CBS All Access. And so, we're literally thinking all of the possibilities through. It has to be broad enough to have mass appeal for the CBS broadcast network. So, we're not going to ever lower our standards there. But because the quality of the content we're producing at All Access does that, the promotional platform that the network has is bigger than the streaming platform and/or other Cable Networks. So, we're really thinking about that going forward and obviously that has an effect, Mike, of reducing costs, because it would reduce development cost across the company. So, it's really an efficient use of the intellectual property, i.e. the franchise we have. And so, that's a pretty astute observation you made and just know we're discussing it as we speak.
Michael Morris: Great. Thank you.
David Bank: Thank you, Mike. Greg, next question, please?
Operator: Absolutely. Next, we have Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks. I have one for Sean and one for Joe. Let me start with Sean, first. I hear you on why reach is why the NFL stays with you and why digital may not get the next contract. But how you guard against maybe another broadcaster moving into Sunday Day and chasing CBS out? So, how do you think about that competitive set versus other broadcasters?
Sean McManus: Michael, it's like every sports negotiation. There are usually more than one party that wants to acquire a right. I think they'll be competition potentially for all of the different NFL packages. But, I'm confident. And listen the exposure we give to NFL obviously is important just as important obviously is the rights payment that we pay. We've always been competitive in that area when it comes to the NFL. And I would think Michael we would be competitive the next time around. So, I can't predict who else is going to come after our package or how much competition there will be, but knowing the kind of support the corporation has given the NFL and knowing the kind of contribution NFL makes to the overall company, I would think we would hopefully figure out a way to come to a deal with the NFL as we have so successfully in the last 20 years.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. Thanks Sean. And then for Joe, can you give us a little color on international syndication? What are you guys seeing in the marketplace? Is anything slowing? Are you holding back any content internationally that may affect growth rates going forward?
Joseph Ianniello: Yes. Michael, look, the international marketplace remains robust. So, like I said earlier, again, that's sold a little differently than the domestic marketplace, as you know. So, when we have five of the top 10 new shows on television that really reloads our international sales team. So, we haven't seen any slowdown at all, quite the opposite. I mean, we see strong demands. We see that continuing. So, I don't know will our approach be different as we roll out All Access internationally. We still probably see it initially as the second cycle or co-terminus, but really depending upon what these licensors -- licensees, I should say, want to pay. We're going to have optionality as we approach the marketplace, but I don't see anything changing in the international marketplace in the foreseeable future.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. Thanks, Joe. Thanks, Sean.
Sean McManus: Thank you, Michael.
Joseph Ianniello: Thanks, Michael.
David Bank: Greg, next question?
Operator: Next, we have Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Kraft: Hi. Good afternoon. I had a couple. Sean, I wanted to ask you, the basic structure for the Sunday Afternoon and Monday Night Football packages have been in place for a long time. Could you envision that structure changing this time around in order to allow more companies to participate in broadcasting NFL games? And then, Chris, I just wanted to ask if you could help us to size the political revenue contribution in the fourth quarter or the contribution in the growth? And then, I don't want to leave out Joe, so one for you too Joe. Canada All Access launch, how's that gone so far? What have you learned? And can you talk about the timing and the ramp for additional international launches? Thank you.
Sean McManus: I'll go first Bryan, it's Sean. It's a little hard to predict. I know that there are -- there's obviously a number of very successful packages on broadcast television and on cable television. I think though the mix of games and the individual schedule works really well for the consumer. So, it wouldn't surprise me at all if the same kind of paradigm existed during the next negotiation. But I do think there could potentially be increased interest in different packages by different networks. So, I hope I'm answering your question. I think we need to be flexible. I think the Sunday AFC package works really well for CBS. It aligns perfectly with a lot of our owned-and-operated stations. So, that would be the package that we would, hopefully, renew. And again, I can't speculate who else would want that, but I know the value of that it brings to the network, I think we'll hopefully do what is necessary to make sure the NFL stays on CBS.
Christina Spade: Hi. Bryan, thanks for the question about political. So, I said 72% twice on purpose in my comments. We did a little over $100 million in revenue for political advertising, so it was really a strong quarter and political inciting is good for CBS. Joseph Ianniello -- President and Acting Chief Executive Officer And Bryan on Canada, what I could say is that, I wish the country was bigger. As you know, it's a little north of 10% of the United States and it seems to be following that pattern when we launched All Access here in the States. So, that's good news. I would say though as we launched Australia in Q4, what we saw there was actually a faster pickup and I think that's because we had live local programming, because we own Network 10. So, the offering in Australia is a little bit different with the live local programming and I think that's also a key part of the overall value proposition that consumers are resonating and that's why we're launching our local services here by market, because what we think the streaming services for CBSN Local again ad supported, but very valuable to the consumer engaged with the content local news, sports, weather, traffic 24/7, really is a nice value proposition from a trusted reliable brand at CBS. So, we're going to continue that. So, internationally, we're going to continue to roll these out, kind of market by market. I think we should think in English language speaking first and as we expand where we have pockets and it's not impacting content licensing negatively, we'll go aggressively in some of these emerging markets. So, stay tuned for more.
Bryan Kraft: Okay. Thanks very much.
David Bank: Thanks, Bryan. Let's take the next question, Greg.
Operator: Next question will be from Doug Mitchelson with Credit Suisse.
Douglas Mitchelson: Thank you much. So, Joe, I'm going to ask a question and you are probably not going to answer, so I'm going to give you my follow-up and my clarification at the same time. The question Joe is, there's been a lot across the board actively concerning strategic options for CBS particularly pursuing a merger with Viacom, is that accurate? And the clarification, Christina, is on the multiyear double-digit EPS guidance, should we assume as also double-digit EPS growth in each of those years? And how much of those growth is, if any, should we assume is driven by buybacks? And lastly my question is, Joe, does your data and research suggests CBS All Access would be dominated by cord-cutters in core networks? Or do you think consumers of the live TV bundle will also subscribe? And if so, like how much more content do you need to make it attractive for those households? Is there anything beyond content that you're doing to drive growth at CBS All Access? Thank you so much.
Joseph Ianniello: So, Doug, you are right, I'm not going to obviously comment on any Board actions. I think that's obviously up to the Board of Directors. The management team is focused on operating the company. Obviously, we just posted our best year in quarter, as we said, in our history. At a company where it's over 90 years old to give guidance of a multiyear where your revenue growth rate for the next three years are going to grow faster than your last three years, it's pretty impressive. So, that's what we're focused on. I know you asked Chris about the EPS and stuff like that, we're not going to break out individually by year, because we think it's important to look at it over the two-year period. I think the numbers are quite healthy. Like I said, we see it accelerating. On the data stuff. Look, I think, we're going to see. And so, what we know to-date is our consumers are saying they want more. So, we're going to give them that and we're going to see as we go. And that's why we said we're going to add four new series. We're not adding 10 new series, we're adding four. And so, after that goes, we're going to see what data suggests there and then as that goes. So, it's opportunistic the investment. So, we can scale it back. We can lean into it further, but everything we're seeing again is our best and highest use of our cash is to make another hit original and put it on Showtime or CBS All Access and monetize it for many, many years to come. And, obviously, you've seen the power of the broadcast television network as part of that strategy. And so, we're really in an enviable position. And I think that's why you see lots of other companies coming into the media space, tech companies, distribution companies, they wouldn't be allocating fresh capital to this sector if they didn't see significant growth opportunities and the good news is, we're well positioned, we've been ahead of the game and we're experts of what we do and we're going to continue to do what we do. So, I'm not sure if I answered your question Doug, but it was a good one.
Douglas Mitchelson: I think the part, Joe, I think the heart of the question is, is it as simple as more content will bring in more subs or are there other things you need to do to execute a CBS All Access to drive that kind of scaling up of the service?
Joseph Ianniello: Well, Doug, I think there is other things. I mean the technology have to work. So, the first thing I want to take a little victory lap for is our technology works. I believe, it's the only platform in this country that is done partnering with all of our local affiliates that has 180 different commercial ad loads that has live local programming plus catch-up viewing, plus original series inside and outside the home. So, you got to have scalable technology that works. It gets out of the way of the consumer. You have to have premium content that engages them on a consistent basis. And so, if you do that, I mean, at some point will you get to the law of diminishing returns? Sure. We are nowhere near that as we sit here today. And so, we're going in based on the data points that we've seen because we've been at this for three years now. And so, we have some really good proof points that suggest that. So, we don't have to bet the company in order to kind of lean into this. And so, we will see how big the opportunity is. But again, you just see the numbers today. We pulled up -- when we made the prediction in 2016 at that Investor Day, we had basically zero subscribers. We said 8 million by 2020. we've crossed 8 million already. So, I mean just pause and think about that. And they're telling us when they passed this subscription they say, we want more. So, let's give them more. And hopefully again as I said in that, the reacquisition cost is much more efficient and they're coming back. They're not leaving the ecosystem. They just want more. And so, let's give it to them.
Christina Spade: Yes. I would also add to that that we have a strong programming pipeline that we're going to pull from. So, it's not just about creating the programming but it's also creating quality premium programming that people want to watch.
Douglas Mitchelson: Okay. Thanks very much, guys.
David Bank: Greg, we're going to go to our last. I'm thinking we have time for this final question.
Operator: Okay. So, finally, we will hear from David Miller with Imperial Capital.
David Miller: Yes. Hi, guys. Chris, two questions for you. Are you noticing anything changing with regard to your news gathering cost due to the process of CBSN? I would think that as you scale that entity up, that's just an enormous advantage with your news gathering cost, but it's obviously new and it might be early days. I'd like to hear that from you? And then also on the $105 million restructuring charge, how much of that was related to any kind of impairments on the mid-city Wilsor building, the CBS Television City building? And then I have a follow-up for Sean, if I may. Thanks.
Christina Spade: Okay. Sure. Thanks for the question. So, on the news side, there is really not of incremental cost that really drives revenue growth. We're highly monetizing the products and it's really going to just build our revenue portfolio. On the restructuring, $0 are related to that.
Joseph Ianniello: And David, you should know that deal closed in January, so that cash again was received in January.
Christina Spade: Right. January 31st.
Joseph Ianniello: So, you have a follow-up for Sean?
David Miller: Got you. Yes, and then Sean, correct me if I'm wrong, weren't there a couple of years with regard to your Masters broadcast where either all four rounds or maybe two of the weekday rounds were broadcast ad-free? And if you intend to do that again, what kind of dynamic ad insertion opportunities do you see taking place for this year's Masters? Thanks.
Sean McManus: Yes. No, we do not intend to do anything differently with the Masters commercial rotation this year. It'll be the same as it's been.
Joseph Ianniello: There's no change. As you know, those are limited sponsorships spots that they have there, David. And we do the weekends, we do Saturday, Sunday.
Sean McManus: Yes, Thursday and Friday are on, David, on ESPN, we just do Saturday and Sunday.
Joseph Ianniello: Okay.
David Miller: Got you. All right. Thank you.
Joseph Ianniello: Thanks, David.
David Bank: Thank you, David. Okay. Thanks, Greg. This concludes today's call. Thank you everyone for joining us, and have a great Valentine's Day evening.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-01 16:30:00) =====
Executives: David Bank - CBS Corp. Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp. David Nevins - CBS Corp. Christina Spade - CBS Corp.
Analysts: Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jessica Jean Reif-Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC Douglas Mitchelson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Michael Brian Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. David W. Miller - Imperial Capital LLC Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to today's CBS Corporation Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Release Teleconference. I'd like to remind everyone this call being recorded. And at this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President-Investor Relations, David Bank.
David Bank - CBS Corp.: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter 2018 earnings call. Joining us with today's remarks are Joe Ianniello, our President and Acting CEO; David Nevins, our Chief Creative Officer; and Chris Spade, our Chief Financial Officer. Following Joe, David, and Chris' remarks, we will open the call up to questions. Please note that during today's conference call, results will be discussed on an adjusted basis, unless otherwise specified. The third quarter and year-to-date 2018 results are adjusted to exclude costs related to certain corporate matters and certain benefits associated with tax law changes. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found in our earnings release or on our website. Also, note that statements on this conference call relating to matters, which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's SEC filings. A webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can also be found on the Investor Relations section of our website at cbscorporation.com. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Joe.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Thank you, David, and welcome to our call. And good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us. I want to take a minute and thank Adam Townsend for his outstanding years leading CBS Investor Relations. Showtime is in great hands with Adam as the CFO. As David Bank mentioned, with me here today is David Nevins, our Chief Creative Officer. In his new expanded role, David oversees all of the entertainment programming across the company. So, I thought it would be helpful for you to hear from him today. He obviously brings a wealth of experience to this position as well as a clear track record of success at Showtime. I'd like to also welcome Chris Spade, our new Chief Financial Officer. While Chris is new to this position, she joins us having been an outstanding CFO for Showtime, and she's been a key member of that business for more than two decades. I've worked with both David and Chris for many years, and I look forward to their contributions today and in the future. Now, let me tell you about our third quarter results. Revenue was up 3% to $3.3 billion, and EPS was up 12% to $1.24. This was our best third quarter ever in revenue and EPS. I am also pleased to tell you that we are reaffirming our outlook for 2018 with revenue growth in the high-single digits and EPS growth in the high-teens. Our success continues to be fueled by all the ways we are executing on our long-term strategy. We are driving new incremental and recurring revenue from a number of significant growth areas: retrans and reverse comp along with skinny bundles; our over-the-top direct-to-consumer streaming services; global content licensing; and our expanded audience monetization efforts. Combined, these growth initiatives will generate more than $4 billion in revenue this year, which is up nearly 75% from 2015. Going forward, as we continue to position CBS as a global multi-platform premium content company, we are confident that there is significant upside from here. Nowhere is the success of our strategy more evident than in the ways in which we are growing our subscribers across platforms. Quarter after quarter, our must-have content is driving increases at CBS and Showtime, pretty unique for a media company nowadays. In fact, we have now grown our company's  our total company subs every single quarter since we started discussing this metric. Whether it's large traditional bundles, smaller streaming packages, or standalone direct-to-consumer services, we are distributing our content in all the ways consumers want it and reaping the benefits. And as we grow our subs, we continue to negotiate deals with distributors that better reflect the fair value of our content. So, we are growing our ARPU or average rate per sub as well. In fact, as viewers move to smaller offerings, they are transitioning to new platforms that pay us more than the old one. Our sub growth is especially strong where we get the highest rates, on our direct-to-consumer streaming services, CBS All Access and Showtime OTT. And we are more confident than ever that we can achieve our new goal of 8 million subs combined from these services in 2019 a full year ahead of our original schedule. In addition, that total doesn't include the direct-to-consumer subs that we are just beginning to get internationally. All Access Canada is off to a solid start, and we continue to expand into new markets. Here in the fourth quarter, we are launching our Australian version called 10 All Access. This new platform will include local programming for Network 10 as well as our premium CBS content, further distinguishing us from other leading SVOD platforms. We will continue to expand into new territories in 2019, and we are confident that digital distribution on a global scale will be very lucrative for CBS. At the same time, we are also expanding our marquee brands on to ad supported OTT platforms, led by the success of CBSN, our digital news network. Thanks to a 24x7 news cycle and our increasing political coverage, CBSN is now averaging more than 1 million streams per day. And the average age of the CBSN viewer is 38, which is decades younger than the average broadcast and cable news viewer. We continue to expand CBSN on virtual MVPDs, including a deal we just announced last week to provide it as a standalone channel to all the subscribers on Hulu's Live TV services. Later this quarter, we will begin the next phase by launching local versions of CBSN, featuring content from our owned and operated stations across the country. We will start with CBSN New York, and then add other markets, including Los Angeles, in early 2019. CBS Sports HQ, our sports OTT service, also continues to grow as we feed the demand for more sports highlights, round-the-clock coverage, stats and analysis. Streams are up 25% from where we were at this point with CBSN. And just like all of our direct-to-consumer platforms, we are attracting new and younger viewers. Our latest direct-to-consumer service is ET Live. Launched just yesterday, ET Live combines the best of the Entertainment Tonight brand with a new platform to reach consumers all day, every day. All of these direct-to-consumer opportunities are only as successful as our premium content, and we continue to expand our programming pipeline. We are now producing an all-time high of 76 series across broadcast, cable, and streaming outlets. We are making more shows for CBS All Access, selling more shows to third-party distributors, and licensing more content internationally, where the demand for our programming remains strong. As an example, our brand-new crime drama, FBI, has sparked huge interest, and we have already licensed it in more than 150 territories around the world. Here in the U.S., now a little more than a month into the new season, we are very pleased that American households are watching more broadcast television for the first time in four years. Also, I'd like  there's a little known fact out there that we remain the number one network this season even without Thursday Night Football, and we have won the last ten years in a row. And when the dust settles, we'll finish this broadcast season as the most watched network once again, and that's with or without Super Bowl LIII. Speaking of football, NFL ratings are also up across networks. And here at CBS, we are up 3% so far this season, which is even higher than the industry average. This is also the first full season that viewers can watch our NFL coverage on all mobile devices, including on CBS All Access, and we are monetizing that viewing. Also during the quarter, we locked in a deal for the PGA Championship, extending it to 2030 and securing our position as the broadcast leader in golf. Importantly, the deal also includes expanded digital rights across all CBS platforms. In addition, the PGA Championship will now move to the spring where we expect higher ratings. All told, 2019 will be a banner year for CBS Sports, starting with the AFC Championship game to Super Bowl VIII, to the NCAA men's basketball tournament and Final Four, to the Masters, to the PGA Championship, to SEC Football, and back to the NFL again. Quite a year. At CBS News, our flagship programs continue to raise the bar in journalism. Leading the way is 60 Minutes, which remains the number one news program and a consistent top ten performer 51 years after its launch. And thanks to the continued strong performance of CBS Sunday Morning, we are number one on Sundays from dawn to dusk. In late night, The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, and The Late Late show with James Corden are widening their lead over the broadcast competition. And Colbert and Corden continue to be creative powerhouses that generate new shows for other platforms, including Carpool Karaoke on Apple, Drop the Mic on TBS, and Our Cartoon President on Showtime. So, by owning our two late-night shows, we are building new franchises that go far beyond late-night television. We're also leading the way in first-run syndication where CBS has seven of the top ten shows, and we just locked in three of those shows, Dr. Phil, Wheel of Fortune and Jeopardy to long-term deals. Along with our continued programming success, we are also using advanced data and technology both to deliver a higher ROI for our advertisers and to monetize our audiences more effectively. To that end, we are rolling out a proprietary new platform called DnA, which is short for Data and Audience. DnA allows advertisers to buy specific audience segments, so our advertisers can target people who like to eat out and drive SUVs rather than just buy the broad demographic of adults between the ages of 25 and 54. At the same time, we are also aggressively pursuing partnerships in set-top boxes and smart TVs to sell highly targeted addressable ads. And we are using the data we collect from our direct relationship with the viewers on our OTT platforms to optimize our dynamic ad insertion capability. So, as consumer habits change and technology advances, we are finding new ways to monetize our audiences and it's becoming more valuable all the time. Turning to Cable, Showtime had yet another great quarter. We have four of the top six hour-long scripted shows on premium cable. And our subs are now at an all-time high of more than 26 million, growing both in the linear MVPD universe and over-the-top. In fact, we are in the midst of our biggest year yet in Showtime OTT signups as we continue to reach new and younger viewers by expanding on to new distribution services. Showtime has also become the undisputed leader in boxing. So, far in 2018, we have had 12 marquee boxing events, featuring 26 world title fights, and we are generating the highest level of viewers since 2014. We'll finish the year in a big way with a pay-per-view event on December 1, when world champion Deontay Wilder faces British star Tyson Fury in the most significant heavyweight fight in the U.S. since Mike Tyson-Lennox Lewis 16 years ago. Premium content is also driving growth in our Publishing business. In its first week, Fear, by Bob Woodward, sold more than 1.1 million copies, which is more than any other title in Simon & Schuster's history. And here in the fourth quarter, we have several titles from some of our best-selling authors, including a new book from Stephen King, Elevation, which we just published this week, and one on the way from Mary Higgins Clark. In Local Media, political spending at our TV stations is up more than 25% compared with the 2014 midterm elections. And for the first nine months of the year, Local Media has seen its highest political spending for any election year. With a couple of significant ballot initiatives in California and competitive races in markets where we own leading CBS stations including Texas, New Jersey and Florida, we expect a very strong finish here in Q4. So, across our company, our businesses are solid, and our growth strategy is clear. We are increasing the amount of programming we produce. We are driving fee-based subscription revenue. We're using data and technology to better monetize our viewership, and we are capitalizing on the changing consumer behavior with our direct-to-consumer streaming services. As a result, we are hitting our numbers today, while building for a successful future down the road. Now, I'd like to take a moment to say how pleased I am with the way our employees have kept their focus on delivering the kind of results you see from us today. We have a very deep and stable management team that brings a combination of great experience and fresh ideas, and I am confident they will serve us well in the quarters to come. I look forward to their contributions as we continue to distinguish CBS as a global multi-platform premium content company. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to one of the key members of our management team, David Nevins, who will tell you more about our premium content. David?
David Nevins - CBS Corp.: Thank you, Joe, and hello, everyone. I am excited to take on this new role at the Corporation and to have the opportunity here to talk about the outstanding content we are creating across our company. Taken together, the CBS Television Network, CBS All Access and Showtime form a powerful programming powerhouse, one that not only fuels the financial engine that drives this company, but it also makes the CBS corporation one of the most attractive places for Hollywood creatives to bring their best work. As you heard, we are significantly ramping up our investment in programming. The 76 series that Joe mentioned are up from 65 a year ago, and more than double what we did just five years ago. By producing more shows, we have more content to license, particularly in the international marketplace. And we also have more content to roll out on our owned platforms, which in turn is accelerating the growth of new subscribers to Showtime and All Access, and increases retention of our existing subs. The bulk of our production comes from our CBS Television Studios, where our strategy is to look at individual shows as global brands. And our philosophy has been to sell a project wherever it has the best chance to thrive. As a result, we have ramped up our output, so much so that we have expanded our production capabilities with a new state-of-the-art facility in Toronto. Just to give you a sense of some recent highlights, CBS Studios has four series at Netflix: Insatiable, Dead to Me, American Vandal, and Unbelievable. A great example of how we're able to use the strength of our various platforms to attract top talent is the new three-year deal we've just made with proven hit makers, Robert and Michelle King. They created The Good Wife for CBS, The Good Fight for CBS All Access, and shortly, they will begin production on a new drama for Showtime called Your Honor. More and more, the combination of powerful outlets and strong, experienced creative leadership makes the CBS Corporation one of the most attractive homes for talent in the entire entertainment business. Joe told you about the success of our programming on the CBS Television Network, where we own 80% of our primetime schedule, including five of our six new shows. Without a doubt, the CBS Television Network is the best place to launch and sustain hits that feed the monetization pipeline throughout the world for years to come. Already, we've picked up four of our new series for the full season: FBI, God Friended Me, Magnum P.I. and The Neighborhood. And we have ownership of all four. Beyond the fall of our ten mid-season series, we have ownership in eight including the scripted drama, The Red Line from mega executive producers Greg Berlanti and Ava DuVernay, and starring Noah Wyle. We're just not just building assets on our own network. A Million Little Things just received a full season pickup at ABC. We're attracting great talent in the unscripted area as well. We will capitalize on the huge Super Bowl VIII audience to launch a new global competition series, The World's Best. James Corden will host and executive produce with big-name talent judges Faith Hill, Drew Barrymore and RuPaul. It hails from two of the most successful unscripted executive producers in television history, Mark Burnett of Survivor and The Voice; and Mike Darnell of American Idol. We are also incubating Million Dollar Mile, a 10-episode high stakes competition series that challenges every day athletes' physical and mental toughness. Million Dollar Mile comes from brand-new Laker and superstar producer LeBron James, along with the executive producers of Big Brother. And we're really excited about Love Island, a dating competition series coming this summer that is adapted from the most popular program in the history of Britain's ITV network. It has not only garnered huge ratings, it has also driven huge social and cultural conversation. And with the back-end interest in each of these shows, the more success they have, the better it is for us in the long run. In development, we continue to make significant content investments with several pilots and series commitments lined up in preparation for next season. Here again, we prioritized being in business with the best and biggest creatives in order to develop a broad range of diverse and inclusive programming that builds upon our loyal core audience. Complementing the deep roster of shows in the broadcast network is the increasingly robust CBS All Access slate. Last year, we began to offer original series at All Access. We have upped that steadily quarter-by-quarter, expanding the offering of original content that subscribers want. We just dropped Tell Me a Story, a psychological thriller from screenwriter Kevin Williamson, which premiered quite appropriately on Halloween last night. Our latest CBS All Access green light has gone to Why Women Kill, a dark comedic drama from Desperate Housewives creator Marc Cherry and Imagine Entertainment. We're also pursuing franchises with global appeal, including an exciting new version of The Twilight Zone, which boasts 2018 Oscar winner Jordan Peale in the Rod Sterling role of executive producer and host. Jordan reinvented the horror genre in Get Out with an infusion of social awareness. And we are thrilled to see what he'll bring to an iconic franchise like the Twilight Zone. All Access will continue to be home to all things Star Trek. And we are expanding the franchise in a big way. Star Trek: Discovery was an international sensation, and we'll be launching season 2 on January 17. In addition, we'll have a new separate Star Trek scripted series starring the legendary Patrick Stewart, who will reprise his role as the beloved Captain Jean-Luc Picard; also, a new Star Trek adult animated series called Lower Decks, which has landed in CBS All Access with a two-year pickup. And we expect to have more Star Trek announcements coming shortly. Obviously, it should come as no surprise, I'm also pleased to tout the accomplishments of Showtime. As Joe noted, Shameless, Homeland, Billions and The Chi give us four of the top six hour-long scripted series in premium cable. And we expect the just-premiered Ray Donovan to join that group of most watched shows shortly. Looking ahead, Showtime will be making some major waves over the next three months. The limited series, Escape at Dannemora directed by Ben Stiller, and starring Oscar winners Benicio del Toro and Patricia Arquette, and Golden Globe nominee, Paul Dano, has every signs of being an inner circle awards contender. In addition, Shut Up and Dribble executive produced by the aforementioned LeBron James and narrated by Jemele Hill is a powerful inside look at the changing role of African-American athletes in this fraught political environment through the lens of the NBA. In 2019, Showtime will continue to increase our output with the launch of several high-profile shows, including Black Monday, a 1980s Wall Street set comedy starring Don Cheadle whom we're thrilled to have back on Showtime, along with Andrew Rannells and Regina Hall. Next year also brings our new drama series, City on a Hill, starring Kevin Bacon and Aldis Hodge; and a limited series about the rise and fall of Roger Ailes that stars Oscar winner Russell Crowe, Oscar nominee Naomi Watts, along with Seth MacFarlane and Sienna Miller. Overall, CBS is strongly positioned to continue rewarding shareholders through the development, production, distribution and licensing of premium content. Each success we have breeds more success with increased revenue leading to more investment. And to offer more specifics on that and our overall financial picture, I'm happy to pass this call over to my friend and colleague, Chris Spade.
Christina Spade - CBS Corp.: Thank you, David, and good afternoon, everyone. It is an honor and a privilege to take on my new role as the Chief Financial Officer for CBS Corporation. I am pleased to be on the call with you today. As you heard, our creative success continues to lead to financial success. We turned in record revenue and record EPS, and we grew EPS for the 35th consecutive quarter, even as we invested an additional $100 million in content in Q3. We believe that in the case of our company's trajectory, past is prologue and our passive investment and innovation will continue to yield growth and strong return on investments. Now, let me give you some more details about our third quarter results. Revenue for the quarter was up 3% to $3.26 billion. Affiliate and subscription fees came in at $1 billion compared with $1.15 billion last year, when Showtime had the Mayweather/McGregor pay-per-view boxing event. Our ongoing affiliate and subscription fee business increased 14% led by our direct-to-consumer streaming services and virtual MVPD, which together grew 79%. And we continued to see strong gains in retrans and reverse comps as well. Content licensing and distribution revenue was up 8% to $933 million for the third quarter. On a year-to-date basis, content licensing grew 10% to $3 billion, as our higher content investment gives us more programming to license across platforms and around the world. We also had a solid quarter in advertising, which grew 14%, driven by our Network 10 acquisition. Here in the U.S., advertising grew 4%. And at the CBS Television Network, advertising was comparable on an underlying basis for the quarter and year-to-date. And we remain on track to achieve about $4 billion in network advertising for 2018, which is consistent with prior years. Also, during the quarter, operating income came in at $736 million compared with $729 million a year ago, reflecting our higher investment in programming and technology for our new direct-to-consumer platforms. And as Joe said, EPS was up 12% to a record $1.24. On a year-to-date basis, we delivered record revenue and record EPS. Revenue for the first nine months of the year was up 7% to $10.5 billion, driven by retrans and reverse comp, which is up 22% year-to-date, and EPS was up 15% to $3.70. Now, let's turn to our operating segments. Entertainment revenue for the third quarter came in at $2.2 billion, up 19% with strong growth across our key sources of revenue. Advertising and content licensing revenue were each up 16%, and affiliate and subscription fee revenue rose 32% driven by growth in reverse comp, CBS All Access and virtual MVPD. Entertainment operating income for the third quarter was up 8% to $377 million even as we ramped up our programming investment. Year-to-date we have produced 12% more hours of programming for both our own platforms and for other networks. Third quarter Cable Networks revenue came in at $569 million compared with $840 million last year when we had the big pay-per-view event. As you heard, we now have more than 26 million subs at Showtime. And we continue to benefit from the growth of Showtime OTT as we expand with new distributors such as Spotify, which targets the college market. Cable Network's operating income came in at $248 million compared with $296 million last year due to the timing of licensing revenue and our higher investment in programming. This includes the production and marketing of two new and successful owned shows, Sacha Baron Cohen's Who Is America?, and Jim Carrey's Kidding. Switching to Publishing, revenue reached $240 million in Q3, a 5% increase as Simon & Schuster delivered higher print and digital sales. In particular, digital audio continued to grow strongly and was up 17% during the quarter. In addition to Fear by Bob Woodward, other third quarter bestsellers included Whiskey in a TeaCup from Reese Witherspoon; and Bread War by Vince Flynn. Publishing operating income of $51 million grew 9% in the third quarter, driven by higher sales. And our Publishing operating income margin was a solid 21%. Third quarter local media revenue rose 9% to $434 million fueled by both strong growth in retrans revenue and by an increasingly heated market for political advertising as the midterm elections approach. Other particularly strong categories during the quarter were entertainment and health care. Local Media operating income increased 17% to $124 million, and our Local Media operating income margins expanded 2 points to 29%. Turning to cash flow and our balance sheet, free cash flow for the first nine months of 2018 was up 31% to $1.1 billion. We are using our cash to invest in content and much of the increase in free cash flow is driven by growth in affiliate and subscription fees and lower tax payments. During the quarter, we repurchased 1.8 million shares of our stock for $100 million and we remain on track to repurchase approximately $800 million of our stock for the year. Now, let me tell you what we see ahead. In Advertising, we expect a strong finish to the year, thanks to the midterm elections. Local Media revenue is pacing to be up in the high teens. At the Network, scatter is about 20% to 30% across day parts, and we're seeing a lot of excitement surrounding World's Best which as you heard will air right after the Super Bowl. In content licensing, we currently have nearly 800 episodes of hit shows that we can bring to the domestic marketplace, which we will be monetizing this year and in years to come. And all of the new series we just launched at CBS, Showtime, CBS All Access and The CW will continue to add to our content pipeline. In affiliate subscription fees, we expect retrans and reverse comp revenues to surpass $1.6 billion for 2018. And next year, we will have more than 30% of our footprint in both retrans and reverse comps coming up for renewal. In over-the-top, as Joe said, we expect to reach 8 million subscribers combined at CBS All Access and Showtime OTT next year, and that does not even include subscribers from international expansion. So in summary, as 2019 approaches, CBS stands in an enviable position. We are set to achieve our 2018 outlook of revenue growth in the high-single digits and EPS growth in the high teens. Our unique asset portfolio, the number one network on television, a leading television studio, a rapidly growing premium cable network, and our deep library and scalable platforms provide a strong foundation for more growth long-term. And we are excited about the significant growth opportunities we see before us from our direct-to-consumer streaming services, retrans and reverse comp, skinny bundles, global content licensing, and our expanded audience monetization efforts. So, we remain confident in our future, and as we execute on our long-term growth strategy, we will continue to deliver for our shareholders. With that, Greg, we can now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you very much. And first, from JPMorgan, we have Alexia Quadrani.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Thank you very much. My question is on the content production of third-party content. A few years ago, I think, when you gave guidance at your Investor Day for content sales, I think production of third-party content wasn't that big of a deal back then. Today, it seems like a huge opportunity for you as one of the most successful TV studios. I guess how incremental could this opportunity be to your targets or just in general? And my follow-up will be on Showtime. We saw HBO go dark today on one of the distributors. Any update on how Showtime is positioned in general distribution?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Okay, Alexia. It's Joe. I'll take the first part and David will take the second part. Look, I mean, you're seeing us double our content production output over five years, and that's what gives us the confidence when we put in the content licensing as one of our growth pillars a few years ago, monetizing that content as we sell that content in windows, that really comes back and really affords us the ability to sell it over and over and over again. And so, we keep producing quality content that third-parties want, because their consumers are telling them they want it, and so that's a really good thing. So, we produce for ourselves, but as you point out, we're producing for others. So, we have been ramping that steadily, and we have capacity to do a lot more. David, do you want to take the second part?
David Nevins - CBS Corp.: Yeah, I mean, we have good relationships with our distributors, our MVPD distributors, and we have great confidence in the quality and the desirability of our programming. So, we take that into every negotiation.
David Bank - CBS Corp.: Okay. Thanks, Alexia. Can we take the next question?
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Yeah. Next, from Bank of America Merrill Lynch, we have Jessica Reif (sic) [Jessica Reif-Cohen] (35:54).
Jessica Jean Reif-Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. The first question, I mean you guys have found it incredibly stable. I'm just wondering, given the changes that you've had within the organization, are your priorities changing in any way, whether they're operating or capital structure? Will there be further management changes throughout the organization? And then, a second topic, since David's on, on Showtime specifically, you're now at 26 million subs, which  I mean, you've had amazing growth over the last few years, but relative to other SVOD services at this point, it still seems like there's a lot of upside. Can you give us color on how you see the next few years shaping up for Showtime subscriptions?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Okay. Jessica, I'll take the first part, and again, David will take the second. Look, we've certainly made some changes here at the company, but I think Chris and David have been with the company for several years, and any other changes, these are seasoned veterans, very talented and deep bench, and I think we're demonstrating that. As far as our priorities are going, our priority is always to first and foremost reinvest in our business, and what that is that's content creation, because the success we're having is driven by the content pipeline that we were just highlighting. And so, I don't see any focus change in that philosophy. It's always been that way. So again, down the road, I mean, I don't see any other significant changes. Like I said, I'm pretty proud of the team we have assembled here. And I want to give them exposure to Wall Street, so you all can see how deep and talented they are. David?
David Nevins - CBS Corp.: So, Jessica, is your  your question about what is the ceiling for Showtime. I  look, here's how I look at it. We're in 26 million households; 115 million, 120 million households in the U.S. That's 20%  that's 22% penetration. I see a lot of desire and upside from where we sit. The good news for us is we've gone from being a  you had to pay the $120. We're now accessible at multiple price points. So, I think we become much more accessible to a broader range of consumer. And that's just talking about the domestic piece. Internationally, I think there is also great demand for what Showtime is. And the brand is getting stronger and stronger around the world. So, I'm optimistic.
David Bank - CBS Corp.: Okay. Thanks, Jessica. Can we take the next question?
Operator: Next, we have Mike Morris with Guggenheim Securities.
Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thanks, guys. Good afternoon. A couple questions about your digital services. Wondering if you can share how most of your customers are accessing your services from a device perspective? Is it connected TVs, mobile devices, et cetera? And how are they using it? Are they watching an increasing amount of live content? Is it mostly on demand? And does it matter to you either how they come on board or what they watch with respect to your ability to monetize from an advertising perspective? And then, I have another one on distribution.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Okay. Mike, I'll take it. It's Joe. Look, I mean, we're finding they're definitely accessing it differently. I think mobile is showing certainly the biggest growth that we're seeing. I think live is certainly growing as part of that, but also the original series. And so, they're watching  an All Access subscriber watches twice as much content as those who watch it on cbs.com. So, that tells us again that they like it when they're in the environment. We're also  we have direct-to-consumer offerings, but we also do it through other partners. Showtime is distributed on Amazon and Hulu. And so, we're seeing the subscribers use those other types of bundles as well. And so, what David just mentioned just on the previous point, right, the buy-through is very different that $100-some-odd cable buy-through is now lower, if they're buying a Hulu or an Amazon Prime subscription. So, we have nice diversity in terms of the consumption of the content, but they're watching it more. And that's why we're putting more originals on both of these services because it's really driving again the intent to subscribe and it's reducing churn. And those are the two things we're really toggling back and forth as we make these investments. What's your second question, Mike?
Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Yeah, just on that, is the targeting  it seems like it's easier to target and perhaps you can get the higher CPM in like a VOD viewer versus trying to target on a live stream. Is it  I guess the question is, what's the balance of that like now? And have you been able to push the CPMs up through specific targeting?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Yes. Obviously, you're referring to CBS All Access, because Showtime obviously isn't  there's no...
David Nevins - CBS Corp.: Showtime is agnostic about when people watch.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: But I think also to point out, CBS All Access subscribers, a third of them are now ad-free as well. So, just as we're seeing that kind of growth. But your point on the one where there are ads, yes, we're seeing CPMs significantly higher than comparable broadcast networks. And obviously, you have more attractive demos, but you have with it, as you call it, specific targeting. So we're rolling that out. And that's why I said more and more as we're using this data to be smarter and be more effective for our advertisers, it's a really big opportunity. But I would say we're really still in the early innings of that. But we're laser focused on capitalizing on it.
David Nevins - CBS Corp.: That's the concept of the DnA platform that  the advertising platform that Joe described is you can target in VOD and linear.
Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thanks. And just if I could on the aggregators and Amazon channels in particular, there's a little bit of concern that you're pushing back on the economic relationship with the channels they're displaying. Is that something that you have experienced with them? And sort of what is your view on the importance of those aggregators and what those relationships look like going forward economically?
David Nevins - CBS Corp.: We just renewed with Amazon on very comparable terms. So, we have not found that. The value they're finding out at Showtime where there is  they're making money off of Showtime. So, it's been a win-win.
David Bank - CBS Corp.: Okay. Thanks, Mike. We'll take the next question.
Operator: Next is Doug Mitchelson with Credit Suisse.
Douglas Mitchelson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thanks so much. Look, I think 2018 is probably 10-plus-percent EPS growth ex-tax reform. And investors I think generally think of CBS as being capable of putting up that kind of growth going forward. And, Joe, I'm wondering  you talked a lot about investing in content and investing in digital. How are you balancing driving earnings growth versus investing in content for digital and Showtime and third-parties? And then, my unrelated follow-up, since we have a lot of Showtime experts on the call, there's been a lot of questions at Showtime, but I want to get to the heart of it, which is you've had a lot of content success and you've been investing in content. I think profitability has been relatively stable the last few years, not a ton of revenue growth at Showtime. So, you've solidified your position in an increasingly competitive environment, but is there a story behind driving sort of margins or profitability at Showtime next year or the next few years? I'd love to hear it. Thanks.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Okay. Doug, I'll take the first part, and Chris will take the Showtime piece. Doug, look, we're constantly balancing the investment and looking at the profitability. But we're building asset value here for sure. So, we're not managing the company for margin. I think what you're seeing in our results, right, we're maintaining our margin because some of these initiatives of very high margin dollars offset by incremental investment into more content and the OTT platforms. So, I think you're seeing us able to do that consistently, and obviously, with tax reform, we have a lower  forget about the P&L for a second, book tax rate but a lower cash tax rate. And so, we're reinvesting those back into the business, and that again is the highest return on investment for shareholders and it continues to be the case. So, we are not betting the company. We're seeing proof points before we took up our All Access and Showtime sub count. We put originals on it. We saw it was working. We saw the consumers wanted more. So, we're putting more on it. We've raised the targets. We've accelerated them. So, we're going internationally. So, I think we've been good stewards of capital as we've been allocating this and growing our business steadily for the future. If we would have done that a few years ago, we wouldn't have been ready to capitalize on it, because we didn't have the infrastructure or the capabilities of doing that. And so, I think it's been a really win-win for investors really as we reallocate that capital. But first and foremost, always a priority, build asset value. Chris, do you want to take the second part?
Christina Spade - CBS Corp.: Sure. Hi, Doug. It's Chris. So, that's a great question about Showtime. I just want to make sure first for the quarter that it's clear to everyone that, for the quarterly revenue, we did have the non-comparable item of the Mayweather event that skews the results when you look at last year. So, when you take that out, the results for Cable Networks is relatively flat, but there's two things going on. There's the underlying affiliate subscription fee revenue did grow, but that's being offset by the timing of content licensing. So, for Showtime in terms of looking ahead at our affiliate and subscription fee growth, it's a strong business and it's going to just continue to get stronger. In terms of looking at how we manage the profitability for Showtime, I mean, the world of OTT now has opened up so many options with what we can do with data analytics and really unlock and target our marketing. So, two years into it, we have a lot of great uses of the data, but even as we get further educated and learn even more about our consumer, the scale of the business is huge. So, really the important thing right now is that we have to manage our expense investment and make sure that we're not leaving revenue on the table, and I don't think we're doing that right now. So, it is a balance, but I think we have a lot of intelligence in our favor.
David Bank - CBS Corp.: Okay. Thanks, Doug. We'll take the next question.
Operator: Next is Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson.
Michael Brian Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: Thanks. I have one for David and one for Joe. David, let me start with you first. How do you think longer term about international? I know in some markets like Europe and maybe in India, you've decided to license your content to other third-party networks versus go it alone. So, as those deals come up, how are you thinking about taking the Showtime brand globally in maybe some markets that already are proving positive that there's demand for OTT content?
David Nevins - CBS Corp.: Well, we are building the brand. The brand of Showtime is starting to mean something outside the U.S. It certainly does in Canada, particularly the English-speaking world in the UK, Australia, even in France, where I spent a couple weeks this summer, people are starting to know what a Showtime show is. And as these deals come up, we're always going to be evaluating what is the maximum monetization possibility? Do we  we're going to be looking  going forward, we're going to be looking at more of a mix of licensing and subscription revenue. And we're not going to say here, which markets we might go first in launching a subscription business. But there will be a lot of finesse required to figure out. We don't want to turn off the licensing pipeline. It's been very effective for us. But we feel like there's a lot of potential in the global subscription business, so we're making those decisions tactically as deals come up.
Michael Brian Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: Okay. And then, Joe, along the same lines for you with All Access, how do you decide or think about licensing off-network CBS shows to maybe SVOD companies that don't show advertising versus moving that same content to All Access? So, how are you thinking about that decision you have to make?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Yeah, sure, Michael. Look, I think we think about them individually as individual assets or franchises. So, for instance, we're going to have Twilight Zone here, and we can keep it on All Access or  domestically, which is  that's going to happen. Internationally, we can use it to grow our OTT business internationally, or we can license it. And so, we're going to do an analysis. It's going to be really simple. What are the offers in the marketplace for licensing, and how many subs do we think we can get in these countries? And we're going to look at that and we're going to see what's in the best interest. Because some of these things, again, as David was really alluding to, if we're not ready to capitalize on the subscription business, we might as well take the money to reinvest it and do more with it. And so, we don't have a one-size-fits-all like some of our other competitors. I think we look at it by each piece of content on what it's going to do individually. And so, we know at the end of the day, there will be more content in the CBS Showtime offerings, no question about it, but it's okay to sell our content to third parties as well.
David Nevins - CBS Corp.: I just want to point out one thing.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Yeah.
David Nevins - CBS Corp.: To add to what Joe was saying, what we've learned is that the more we build the tech of our own platforms and the strength and brand of our own platforms of All Access and Showtime, the more optionality we have as to where to monetize. So, to the extent that we can monetize on our own platforms, that's great, and that gives us optionality when we're making licensing decisions. And that's one of the reasons why we have been so focused these last couple years on building up our own platforms.
David Bank - CBS Corp.: Okay. Thanks, Michael. We're going to take the next question now.
Operator: Next question is from Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good afternoon. I'm hoping to better understand how the expansion of your OTT services to international markets will impact the trajectory of the financials. So, what are the key things that you need to do when you enter a market with All Access? What are the big challenges that you've found? And how significant are the costs to enter and operate in a new country? If you could maybe just talk about that at a high level to help us try to understand that, that would be great.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Yeah. Sure, Bryan. Look, I think that's why we did Canada first. We wanted to see the incremental cost. I think, again, a lot of the costs are fixed. So, it will be scalable, that infrastructure. So, I think again incrementally, it doesn't make sense if all we were going to do is just to be in Canada. So, we are absorbing I would think about it in the tens of millions as opposed to the hundreds of millions for the infrastructure. And again  and then the content, I think we just talked about that from the last question on how we're obviously going to have to put enough content in the offerings to drive the sub count. And I think as we're doing more originals, as we have CBS library and Showtime library of product in there, I think we're making the value compelling to the consumer. This is driven by consumer demand. This isn't driven by because we think it's a nice way to distribute it. This is the way consumers want it via broadband, at the touch of a button, willing to pay a subscription fee, and it doesn't matter, it's borderless. We don't have to be confined to the United States. And so, really that's the way  and I think again I'd look at 2018, Bryan, as the example, right? We just  you're seeing us with a steady margin, enter into a couple of different countries, doing a lot more shows. And the reason we're able to do that like I just said is because the other revenue, the retrans and reverse comp, the licensing are very high margin. And that's being offset. You have two things, kind of, going on there, and we're pretty proud that we're able to do that and not reset the P&L in order to ramp up investment.
David Bank - CBS Corp.: Okay. Thanks, Bryan.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Can I just have one follow-up?
David Bank - CBS Corp.: You bet.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: The EU requirement for 30% local content, is that going to in any way slow your plans in Europe? Or is that something that's fairly easy to...
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: No. You see what we just did with obviously Network 10. We think having local content is actually valuable. I don't think we have to buy and do a strategic deal to do that. I think we can do a commercial deal, but we do like the offering of having live local content in the market plus premium CBS and Showtime, plus library. That seems compelling for under $10 a month. So, you should assume on some of these markets wherever there are local restrictions, we will partner with some of our local friends to make it again a compelling offering.
David Bank - CBS Corp.: Okay. Thanks, Bryan. Next question, operator.
Operator: Next is David Miller with Imperial Capital.
David W. Miller - Imperial Capital LLC: Yeah, hey, guys. Hey, Joe, just a couple questions. As you take over leadership of the company, do you see any change at the margin regarding how many series on the broadcast network you own, how many you sell to third-parties, and then how many series you, let's call it, rent from other production entities? Les used to say that it was all about having the best shows on the network regardless of source. I'm talking about the broadcast network, of course, but just curious if you see a change in that. And then, a separate question. How much of a priority is potentially acquiring additional stations, assuming the capital is ever relaxed? If memory serves, I think you would have at least three Republican votes on the docket, once the FCC hears the case formally. So, appreciate your thoughts there. Thank you.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Yeah, sure. I got it, David. Look, I think from a network perspective, I think we're always looking for the best content. I think we're open for business for other studios. That said, as we sit here, more than 80% of the schedule we have ownership in. So, I don't really see it changing really dramatically from there. But again, the network has limited shelf space. The good news is for All Access, that really kind of changes the complexity, because if we have a good CBS show from our studio, we certainly can put it inside of CBS All Access. And if it's a great Warner Brothers show, we can certainly monetize it on the CBS network. So, the fact that we have different outlooks I think only increases the outputs, if you will. But we definitely are in the business of putting the best shows on the network. I think that's very important. As far as local stations and acquiring them, look, I think we certainly have room within the cap. If the cap gets lifted, we have more room. As you know, we look to be opportunistic there. And so, we'll always look at it, as you just point out, is it a political market, what's the size of the market, is it an NFL market. So, if we can find some stations at values that make sense, we're always in it, in the market. But if we're not, we still get our value. And so, that's why I say it's very opportunistic. It's not like we need to own that station because we're going to get our value vis--vis reverse comp. And so, from our vantage point, the content is what's driving the value, but if we can own the license and have local programming in that market, it's only additive. But we're going to always look at it through that lens.
David Bank - CBS Corp.: Okay. Thanks, David. Greg, we're going to take one more question now.
Operator: All right. In that case, our final question will be from Steven Cahall with RBC Capital Markets.
Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah. Thank you. Just a few on advertising. I was wondering if you could elaborate a little more on your D&A strategy. Do you have a targeted amount of inventory that you think you can capture on this? And relatedly, would you be willing to do something in live linear Dynamic Ad Insertion? I think Nielsen ratings have really been a challenge to networks converting to anything on live linear. And then, I have just a quick follow-up on local advertising.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Yeah, look, we haven't set targets on what we're going to do. And, look, I don't think we're going to  the live linear really kind of do  because obviously we're monetizing C7, and we're selling that inclusively. And so, I think what we're doing is we're watching the data that we're getting on the consumption. So, like I said earlier, Steven, we're really in the early innings. So I think you're going to see us really target the VOD, the Video-on-Demand inventory. And we're going to certainly do it on our own platforms first. And we're going to be smarter about it. We're going to see it works for our advertisers, and then we'll expand from there. But it's going to be a slow and steady rollout. But like I said, the demographics and the capabilities are really encouraging, but I don't want to get ahead of ourselves on this.
Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. And then...
David Bank - CBS Corp.: Did you have a follow-up?
Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah, Chris, thanks for the pacing on local advertising in Q4 with political. I was wondering if you could just give us a sense of what local advertising is looking like ex-political. Thank you.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Let me take that. Let me take that, because Chris is still getting the...
Christina Spade - CBS Corp.: I'm still getting my feet wet. For me, I know it's all about the...
Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: I thought she might have felt left out.
Christina Spade - CBS Corp.: ...strength in the political, but I'll let Joe handle that, Steve.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Look, Steven. As you know, it's very hard to do that because political is taking up all of the inventory. These next five days, I mean, I think we have a chance to have a record-setting year even in the presidential one which we set in 2016, and so a lot of the regular categories are really being pushed outside after November 6. And so it's a little bit distorted right now. What I think Chris' point is high teens, it's pacing up high teens. And obviously for the fourth quarter, we only have political really for one month out of it, because after November 6. So I think that's all factored into her guidance there. But it's really distorted, because it's the same number of units year in and year out. It's just a massive demand that's really pushing others around the edges and stuff. But it's going to be a hell of a year for local political advertising.
Christina Spade - CBS Corp.: Yeah, also we did see strength in entertainment and health care. So, there was strength in those areas.
Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
David Bank - CBS Corp.: Okay. Steve, thank you.
David Bank - CBS Corp.: Thanks, Greg. This concludes today's call. Thank you, everyone, for joining us. Have a great evening.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-02 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to today's CBS Corporation Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Release Teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. And at this time, I would like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President of Corporate Finance, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead. 
Adam Townsend: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter 2018 earnings call. Joining us for today's remarks are Leslie Moonves, our Chairman and CEO; and Joe Ianniello, our Chief Operating Officer. Following Les and Joe's remarks, we will open the call up to questions.
 Please note that during today's conference call, results will be discussed on an adjusted basis unless otherwise specified. The second quarter 2018 results are adjusted to exclude restructuring charges and costs related to other corporate matters incurred during the quarter. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found in our earnings release or on our website.
 Also note that statements on this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, which involves risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's SEC filings. 
 A webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can also be found in the Investor Relations' section of our website at cbscorporation.com. 
 Finally, in light of pending litigation and other matters and on the advice of counsel, the scope of today's call and any questions will be limited to the quarterly results of the company. 
 And with that, I'll turn the call over to Les. 
Leslie Moonves: Thank you, Adam. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. 
 As you can see from our results, CBS turned in another very strong quarter. Revenue was up 6% to $3.5 billion and EPS was up 8% to $1.12, marking our 34th consecutive quarter of EPS growth. Both revenue and EPS were also second quarter records for us, and we remain firmly on track to deliver the kind of full year results we told you we would. 
 Beyond that, we're as confident as ever that the strategy we have in place is setting us up for continued, long-term success. The reason we have such great confidence is because we are constantly successfully staying ahead of the changes taking place across our industry. And as we do, we're taking full advantage of all the ways we could monetize our content across new forms of distribution. In fact, there are few companies as uniquely positioned to profit from the explosion of premium content on new platforms as we are. Over-the-top and direct-to-consumer services are becoming mainstream, and we have our own well-established platforms that are growing right along with consumer demand. 
 Our 2 cornerstone digital distribution services, CBS All Access and Showtime OTT, are surpassing our expectations, and we have some news to share today in that regard. As we have said, our goal was to have 8 million subscribers combined from All Access and Showtime OTT by 2020. I'm pleased to tell you today that we're now on track to hit that number in 2019, a full year ahead of schedule. 
 Based on our growth trajectory and the trends we see ahead, we're announcing a new target. We are now projecting we will have 16 million subscribers from All Access and Showtime OTT by 2022. In other words, we plan to double our original goal in just 2 additional years and that doesn't even include the subs we're just beginning to get internationally. 
 Already, we're having terrific early success in Canada, where All Access launched in April. Our growth rate in Canada is just as fast as it was when we launched here in the U.S. and we're now getting ready to expand into Australia. After that, we'll add more and more markets year after year and we'll be entering territories where our content is already in great demand and where over-the-top platforms are gaining huge traction, particularly among younger viewers. 
 So we have a tremendous opportunity to grow our subs even more. At the same time, we're also growing our ad-based OTT services led by CBSN, our digital news network. CBSN hit another all-time high for streams in the second quarter on the heels of a record setting Q1 as it continues to attract new and younger viewers. And these viewers are watching CBSN in multiple ways, including connected TVs and mobile devices. 
 We continue to build upon this success. Just yesterday, we announced plans to launch direct-to-consumer channels in our O&O television markets with a new service called [ CBS and Local ]. These local OTT channels will feature live streams of our station's newscasts as well as breaking news, original programming and an extensive library of on-demand content. We will start by launching in New York in the fourth quarter, followed by L.A. and then other markets in 2019. Once again, this is another way to deliver our content directly to consumers, how they want it, while giving advertisers a new targeted way to reach younger viewers. 
 We're already doing that with CBS Sports HQ, our digital sports network. Nearly 6 months after its debut, Sports HQ continues to generate more streams and significantly more daily users than CBSN did at this point after its launch. And we're seeing spikes in viewership during all the big sporting events, such as the NFL and NBA drafts, the Triple Crown and the World Cup. In addition, Sports HQ, along with our SportsLine website, stands to benefit from the recent Supreme Court ruling on sports betting by creating a whole new ad category as well as drive demand across our sports-related content. 
 Coming up this fall, we will bring another one of our marquee brands, Entertainment Tonight, over-the-top as well. ET is the most recognized brand in the entertainment news. And just as we've done with the news and sports, our new OTT service called ET Live will bring our content to audiences in a whole new way. All of these ad-supported streaming services, CBSN, CBSN Local, CBS Sports HQ and ET Live, can ultimately be bundled with All Access and Showtime OTT into one comprehensive direct-to-consumer platform. 
 Nobody has a better offering of entertainment, news, sports and local programming than we do, and these over-the-top services have the added benefit of giving us greater cross platforming and cross promotional opportunities. 
 The popularity of broadband services is also benefiting us by driving the adoption of skinny bundles and virtual MVPDs. This includes Hulu Live, YouTube TV and PlayStation Vue, and it also includes more traditional bundles backed by some terrific companies who are great partners for us as well. 
 No matter the size of the bundle, we continue to negotiate deals with the distributors at higher rates that better reflect the fair value of our content. 
 During the second quarter, we've renewed our agreement with the third largest MVPD, Charter Communications. That means that over the last 18 months, we've done deals with 3 of the top distributors in the industry, Verizon, DISH and now Charter, giving us more confidence than ever that we will achieve our goal of $2.5 billion in annual retrans and reverse comp revenue by 2020. 
 And while we achieve higher pricing, we're also growing our total subscriber number of both Showtime and CBS across new and traditional forms of distribution. In fact, our paid subs have now grown sequentially and year-over-year, for 4 consecutive quarters. 
 And at CBS, our second quarter was particularly strong with total subscriber growth up 6% and the average rate per sub up nearly 30%. So at a time when many companies are losing subscribers or cutting rates to maintain them, we are growing. And as we do, our average subscriber rate is increasing at an even faster pace. The driving force behind this growth comes down to one thing, our premium content. 
 Clearly, the CBS Corporation is the content that audiences and distributors have to have. Each month, more than 90% of the U.S. population watches our programming on one or more platforms. So no matter how or where people choose to watch programming, it's clear that what they want to watch is content produced by our company. To satisfy this demand, we're ramping up our production output. We're now producing 70 series across 10 broadcast cable and streaming outlets, including Netflix, Apple and TBS. That's more than double the number of series and double the number of outlets that we sold to just 5 years ago.
 In addition, we have just 2 dozen pilots in development with premium cable and streaming companies, including Amazon, YouTube and Hulu. As we increase the amount of programming we made for third-party distributors, we're driving growth at our content licensing business. This is particularly true in the global marketplace, where the demand for our premium content remains extremely healthy. Already, we've signed licensing deals with international broadcasters for our new fall series before they've even aired in the U.S., including a deal we just announced with RTL. All of this means that content licensing and affiliate and subscription fees are having a bigger and bigger impact on our overall results. 
 During the second quarter, our fast growing revenue sources represented 62% of our overall revenue. Meaning, that only 38% came from advertising. And the best part of that is that advertising also grew during the second quarter up 2%. So while advertising continues to become a smaller part of our total, it remains a very important part of our business. And we're set up for continued strength here as well. 
 Once again, we had another terrific upfront with healthy demand in daytime, news, primetime and late-night. CPMs were up high single to low double-digits across dayparts and volume grew as well, from our Thursday Night entertainment lineup to our Sunday NFL package, our programming was well-received and we sold a number of units for the Super Bowl and the GRAMMYs, which we have on back-to-back weekends in the first quarter of 2019. And the momentum continues here in the third quarter with scatter up more than 20%. This was also the first time we went in for the upfront marketplace with our integrated broadcast and digital sales teams. And the results were significant. 
 Digital volume was up nearly 40%, and we've continued to leverage the power of targeted digital advertising with the huge reach of broadcast TV. Of course, premium content on the CBS Television Network was the reason we were able to deliver strong upfront sales year in and year out. And we continue to have the best there is, in fact, this past season, our primetime lineup was put to the test like no other when 2 of the highest rated television events, the Super Bowl and the Olympic, aired on NBC. In the end, our primetime lineup proved unbeatable once again, and we finished the season as the most watched network for 15 out of the last 16 years and for the 10th year in a row. 
 Looking ahead to the fall, we'll put together another great schedule. In addition to 17 returning hit series, we'll also launch 6 new shows, including the highly anticipated revival of Murphy Brown as well as new series from Dick Wolf and Greg Berlanti, among others. There is no stronger promotional platform than the CBS Television Network, and the best part is, we own 5 of our 6 new shows, meaning we will have more opportunities to monetize them for years to come. 
 Now let me make a bold prediction that actually isn't that bold. Next year, given the strength of our new schedule, along with the Super Bowl and no Olympics to program against, the CBS Television Network will finish #1 for the 11th consecutive year.
 Our winning streak also continues into late night with The Late Show with Stephen Colbert who is #1 in this time period for the second year in a row, and he's beating his closest competitor by more than 1 million viewers. And James Corden continues to grow on air and online, his Carpool Karaoke segment with Paul McCartney has been viewed by more than 127 million times. 
 At CBS News, we've had a significant number of firsts in recent weeks. For example, CBS Evening News Jeff Glor was the only anchor to interview President Trump before and after the recent summit with Vladimir Putin. Over at CBS This Morning, Gayle King was the first network anchor to report from Texas regarding the separation of children from their parents at the border. And Norah O'Donnell was the only network anchor to report from Annapolis the morning after the Capital Gazette newspaper shooting. So we continue to distinguish ourselves with our hard news approach. 
 In sports, we're gearing up for NFL football this fall. We have a high number of high-profile AFC and NFC champ matchups. We'll have the AFC championship game in primetime and the Super Bowl back on CBS. And for the first time, our All Access subscribers will be able to stream our football coverage on any connected device they want, including mobile phones, thanks to a new deal we have with the NFL. 
 In addition to the NFL, All Access has a great line of original programming coming this fall. This includes an exciting thriller called $1, a new show from Kevin Williamson called Tell Me a Story and the return of the Will Ferrell comedy, No Activity. And in 2019, we'll bring out our 2 heavy hitters, season 2 of Star Trek: Discovery, followed by the highly anticipated reimagination of The Twilight Zone from Oscar-winner Jordan Peele. 
 From our All Access originals to live sports and special events to full covering of past seasons of our most-watched entertainment lineup on CBS to thousands of hours of library programming, no other streaming service offers such a full array of must-have content. Every time we add more programming, All Access grows, and we expect that trend to continue. 
 Premium content is also driving growth at Showtime. During the quarter, we launched the highly acclaimed limited series, Patrick Melrose, which earned 5 Emmy nominations, including one for Best Actor for Benedict Cumberbatch. And last month, we premiered the controversial, Who is America? from Sasha Baron Cohen, which brought in this year's biggest number of OTT sign-ups in a single day. 
 And the road ahead for Showtime is extremely compelling as well. Coming up this fall, we'll launch a new comedy called Kidding, starring Jim Carrey, followed by Escape at Dannemora, which is directed by Ben Stiller and stars Benicio del Toro. Also in the works are Halo, a series based on the popular video game that we're producing with Steven Spielberg's Amblin Television; City on a Hill starring Kevin Bacon and executive produced by Ben Affleck and Matt Damon; and Black Monday starting Don Cheadle. So we continue to add to the content pipeline here as well. 
 Turning to publishing. Our terrific lineup of best-selling authors continues to deliver hits at Simon & Schuster. Of course, there's no one more prolific than Stephen King, who delivered yet another bestseller in the second quarter with The Outsider, and who will have another new release coming this fall. Also ahead, we'll have new titles from Bob Woodward, Reese Witherspoon and Mary Higgins Clark. 
 In Local, we're set up for a strong second half at our TV stations as well with so many critical races in contention. Political spending is already ramping up. So far this year, our political revenue was nearly double what it was at this point during the last midterm election in 2014. Plus, thanks to the legalization of sports betting, we're already getting new ad dollars at KYW in Philadelphia and expect the same in New York soon as well.
 So as you can see, our strategy is clearly working. Our base advertising business is strong, and we continue to grow new revenue streams from all the ways we're licensing and distributing our ever-increasing portfolio of premium content. 
 Key to this success is the expansion of our direct-to-consumer services across entertainment, news and sports programming and internationally as well. This is the path the world is moving toward and our outstanding team is right there at the forefront, so we're set up for long-term success, and the changes underway are only enhancing our opportunities. 
 Once again, we feel very good about our record results today and even better about CBS' growth story for the future. 
 So with that, I'll turn the call over to Joe. 
Joseph Ianniello: Thanks, Les, and good afternoon, everyone. As you heard, our investment in our key growth initiatives continues to pay off with record quarterly results. CBS is evolving into a global premium content company with significant direct-to-consumer offerings, and it's all because our company produces the content that audiences have to have and gives it to them in all the ways they want it. As a result of this strategy, we are growing a more diverse mix of stable and predictable revenue than ever before. 
 For the first half of the year, revenue grew 10% with strong increases across all 3 of our key revenue types, affiliate and subscription fees were up [ 16% ], content licensing and distribution was up 10% and advertising was up 5%. 
 So while advertising revenue grew solidly, our nonadvertising revenue is growing even faster and now makes up approximately 60% of our total revenue. 
 At the same time, we've continued to increase our profits. For the first half of the year, EPS was up 18% to $2.47, and we are consistently demonstrating that we can drive EPS growth year in and year out even as we are ramping up our investment in our content and distribution services. Now let me give you some more details about our second quarter results. 
 Revenue for the quarter was up 6% to $3.5 billion. Again, with solid growth from all 3 of our key revenue types. Affiliate and subscription fees were up 17%. Retrans and reverse comp led the way and was up 25% for the quarter. And revenue from skinny bundles and our direct-to-consumer services grew 70%. 
 Content licensing and distribution was up 4%. As you heard, we are creating more content than ever before, both for our own networks and streaming platforms as well as third-party distributors. And you're seeing the benefit of that in our results today. 
 In fact, the number of hours of premium content that we produced for the first half of 2018 was up 10% from what we did the same period last year. And advertising for the quarter was up 2% as the benefit of Network Ten offset the absence of the Final Four. 
 At the same time, underlying network advertising at the CBS Television Network was up a solid 1%. So the advertising marketplace remains strong and we are on track to generate $4 billion in network advertising in 2018, which is on par with what we have done for each of the last several years. 
 Also during the quarter, we turned in record second quarter profits. Operating income was up 1% to $694 million and EPS was up 8% to $1.12. 
 Now let me turn to our operating segments. Entertainment revenue for the second quarter was up a healthy 8% to $2.4 billion. Affiliate and subscription fees grew 37%, once again driven by strong gains in reverse compensation, All Access and skinny bundles. Content licensing and distribution revenue was up 4% and advertising was up 3%. 
 Entertainment operating income for the quarter was up 1% to $356 million. This growth absorbed the incremental investments we made in programming as well as the launch in marketing of our new over-the-top distribution services. 
 At Cable Networks, revenue for the quarter was up 4% to $591 million. Our Showtime subs were up year-over-year in both our over-the-top and traditional distribution, demonstrating that our original series continues to attract and retain audiences no matter how they watch our content.
 Cable Networks operating income grew to $256 million while we continued to invest in more programming. And our Cable Networks operating income margin came in at a robust 43%. 
 In publishing, revenue in the quarter grew slightly to $207 million with particular strength from digital audio, which was up 27%. In addition to the Stephen King book that Les just told you about, bestselling titles in the quarter included the Restless Wave by Senator John McCain and Spymaster by Brad Thor. 
 Publishing operating income for the second quarter was up 7% to $31 million, reflecting higher sales and lower production costs. In local media, revenue during the quarter was up 2% to $420 million, driven by growth in retrans. In advertising, the story this year is political. We are already beginning to see huge ramp-ups along the way. In addition during the second quarter, the [ former ] and entertainment categories grew strongly as well. And local media operating income for the quarter was even with last year at $128 million. 
 Turning to cash flow. Free cash flow for the quarter came in at $296 million, nearly doubling from last year. The increase was driven by lower taxes from changes in the tax law, and we are reinvesting this savings back into the business to create additional content, which is our best use of cash. Also during the second quarter, we repurchased $200 million of our stock. And at the end of Q2, we had $2.7 billion remaining under our current repurchase program.
 Now let me tell you what we see ahead. Local media revenue is pacing to be up double digits in the third quarter as we head closer to the midterm elections. At the network, as you heard, scatter pricing remains extremely strong, up over 20%. Plus, we just had another successful upfront with healthy pricing gains on higher volume as well and our digital upfront was even better. Again, up strongly in volume and pricing. So our advertising base is well positioned for Q4 of this year and well into 2019. 
 In affiliate and subscription fee revenue, we are clearly firing on all cylinders. As Les said, we now expect to achieve 16 million subs from CBS All Access and Showtime OTT by 2022, and that doesn't include any international subs, which we are just beginning to roll out. In addition, we will reset about 3 quarters of our retrans and reverse comp footprint over the next 2 years. And the even better news is that, that means 1/4 of our footprint is already locked in at rates consistent with our stated goals. So we are set up for strong secular growth across traditional and digital forms of distribution. 
 In content licensing, we will continue to reap the benefit of our increased programming and ownership and production output. Once again this fall, we will own more than 80% of our lineup on the CBS Television Network, including 5 of the 6 new series. In fact, when you consider all of the CBS content we create in a typical weekday, from morning and evening news and from daytime, primetime and late-night, we produce more than 13 hours of original programming per day. This allows us to feed our direct-to-consumer services with fresh content all the time and it distinguishes us from our peers. 
 And in addition to our CBS programming, we are also producing more shows for Showtime, more shows for The CW, more shows for cable and more shows for the leading streaming players. Creating premium content is core to what we do. Across the CBS Corporation, we are spending more than $7 billion a year on programming, which is on par with some of the largest companies. And when you look at our batting average of hits and at all the ways we are licensing our content around the world and then how our programming is driving higher rates and sub growth, especially at our direct-to-consumer services, it's clear that no one is better at monetizing these valuable shows than we are. 
 Content is our lifeblood and it's where we get the best return on our investment. Going forward, we will continue to innovate and invest to capitalize on the opportunities in a changing media landscape. Our investment in our content and distribution services will drive future growth, and we do not need to take on any new debt to do this. As we've always said, first and foremost, the best use of our cash is to reinvest in our business. And given our track record of success, we are confident this will generate the highest shareholder returns. 
 So in summary, we turned in another terrific quarter as we make our way to yet another record year for the CBS Corporation. And as we continue to execute on our strategy, we are distributing and monetizing our content in new and exciting ways and growing a stronger and more diverse mix -- revenue mix, as a result. 
 So we remain on track to deliver the 2018 financial results that we promised you with revenue growth in the high single digits and EPS growth in the high-teens. 
 And beyond that, we are set up to achieve our long-term goals as well, including our new target of 16 million domestic over-the-top subscribers from All Access and Showtime OTT by 2022. So we are very confident about our future and our prospects for continued long-term growth. 
 And with that, Greg, let's open the line for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And first, we'll hear from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. 
Benjamin Swinburne: Les, just on the over-the-top success you guys are talking about, can you give us a sense for where you're seeing the strength, either in terms of channels, CBS and Showtime; or a distribution channel, Amazon, Hulu or direct-to-consumer? Just give us a little bit of flavor about what's driving the upside. And then when you think about programming, historically, you've obviously been limited by your schedule, in an OTT world there is no limit. What's the capacity for CBS and the team that you have to ramp up production meaningfully further than you have so far? I know it's ramped up a lot. But just talk about the ability, the capacity you have in terms of pipeline to sort of take this to a whole new level as you look out over the next couple of years. 
Leslie Moonves: Yes, Ben, Amazon has been absolutely amazing in terms of growing our subs. They've been at the top of the list, and we like what they're doing. And we would say we get more with them than any of our other partners, although some of the other ones are more recently in the ballgame. In terms of capacity, we've been faced with actually very good problems because all the Showtime guys come in to see us and David Nevins, all he wants to do is more and more programming, and so do the All Access guys. They're the same way. They're all really hungry to do a lot more. What our capacity is, we haven't determined yet. I think you could see us add 5 shows to each one of them over the next couple of years at least, depending on what the pipeline is. Certainly, they've proven themselves. Showtime's been sort of making a lot of hits. And obviously, All Access is a newer entry into it, but we're really pleased with their hunger to do more. And as we've seen with how the marketplace spikes, more new shows means more subs. 
Benjamin Swinburne: Great. And just a follow-up for Joe. As you look forward to the back half, no Thursday Night Football, can you give us a sense or help us think about the implications for that in terms of margins or how you guys thought about scheduling Thursday Night and competing with Thursday Night Football now on -- obviously on Fox? 
Joseph Ianniello: Yes, Ben, obviously, margins will go up. Obviously, we won't have the same advertising revenue that Thursday Night Football generates. But I mean, I think, if you look at our Thursday Night lineup, it's strong. We have a comedy block for 2 hours with some -- the greatest shows on television. So we're feeling really good about the real estate and we're using it. And we own most of those franchises. So there will be a long tail to these franchises in years to come. 
Operator: Next question comes from Jessica Reif with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Jessica Reif Cohen: I guess, for Les, it's amazing how much you've diversified CBS' revenue over the last, say, 3 to 5 years. But it seems like advertising will have a big boost from sports gambling, as you mentioned, you're starting to see maybe the beginnings of it. Can you give some color on how you see it rolling out? It sounds like it might be local initially. Will it move nationally? Any comments on the potential size of this market? And then since you brought up Amazon as a seller of Showtime, as they prepare to enter the adverting market and they know who the subs are, do you guys have a point of view yet on where the advertising dollars will come from? Will it come from the digital players? Or do you think it will come from other parts of the advertising ecosystem? 
Leslie Moonves: Sports gambling, obviously, we're extremely excited. Yes, I think you're right, it will begin locally, as we've seen, as we mentioned, Philadelphia and then New York, and where it gets legalized in certain places. It's clear. The NBA just announced a deal with MGM which we think is extraordinarily big. And remember when FanDuel and DraftKings were at their height before they were pulled off, they were spending a fortune in advertising. So we think it's a category that has an unbelievable upside. What that is? I don't know. But because of our local marketplace, we're already there. And the good news is, it's also going to help the ratings on all our sports events. So that's going to be a positive for us. 
Joseph Ianniello: Jessica, would you state your question again for the Amazon, so I make sure I get it. 
Jessica Reif Cohen: Right, it's just -- there's been a lot of speculation that Amazon's coming into the ad market and maybe it's just too soon to have any point of view. So knowing that they're a big driver of bundles -- you guys in Showtime, and other companies have mentioned it as well, do you guys -- is there any sense of where their ad dollars, as they go into the market, will come from? Will it come from Facebook, Google? That sort of digital. Or it will come from other parts of the media ecosystem? 
Joseph Ianniello: No. Look, I think if Amazon coming into the marketplace -- Amazon changes business models, they are tremendous marketers. So you're seeing lots of Facebook ads and other ads on broadcast television. What we bring to the table, Jessica, is obviously reach, right? So when you want to reach 10-plus-million folks on any given hour in primetime during the week, you know where to go. And so that's really the proposition we bring, a stable, loyal audience that we can offer these guys. But again, we welcome all the digital players to spend. 
Operator: Next from Guggenheim, we have Michael Morris. 
Michael Morris: A couple of questions. First, as you look at the subscriber growth that you're anticipating now from that period, 2019 to 2022, can you talk a little bit about what inputs it takes to drive the continuation of that growth to get to the 16 million subs? Like should we expect more specific content investment there? Or is there something that you think you're going to leverage that content more and expand the margin? And I guess, secondarily, the question's been out there for a long time, and to date it seems like you've navigated well. But how are you confident that those subscribers aren't actually cannibalizing other parts of your business? What do you think about that? And then I have just one regulatory question. 
Joseph Ianniello: Yes. Mike, it's Joe. Look, the input -- certainly, we see a 2-pronged approach. We see, obviously, original programming driving the intent to subscribe. And then again, we're going to be smart about how we spread and use the existing programming across our services. So I think you're going to see a ramp up, as Les mentioned, more original series in '19 and '20. And so we're going to be -- you're going to see premium content for that consistent with what we've been doing. As far as the subs count, we haven't seen that, we've seen growth to date. But if that occurs at some point down the future, the price points is why it's important for us. So if somebody kind of breaks the bundle and leaves the big package and wants to just subscribe to All Access, the way we have priced it is we make more money. It's just going to be then the incremental piece as opposed to the entire subscriber. But clearly, we make more money. And so we were very careful in setting the pricing up that if CBS is part of a bigger package, we -- the distributor pays us less for obvious reasons. And so if you come into CBS stand-alone All Access, you pay a premium because you're getting all the content you want, on-demand, with a click of a button, inside and outside the home. And so that's the value proposition we see. We see the consumer feedback we get from all the market data we have, and that's why we made the announcement we did with earnings here today. 
Michael Morris: And just real quickly on the station side, the UHF discount, is recently restored. Does that impact your coverage? And if so, sort of what's your appetite to get bigger on the station side? 
Leslie Moonves: We -- obviously, we have now more headroom to go buy some things and we've always said we like the station business. There are opportunities there to buy some things. We'd like it in the larger markets, markets where we have football games, et cetera, et cetera. So we're always looking, and we like the change in the regulation. 
Operator: Next question comes from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan. 
Alexia Quadrani: Just 2 questions. The first one, just a follow up on the higher targets for CBS All Access. How much of that new sub growth do you think is going to come from international? And do you have to expand your investment into more local content for some of those markets to drive that growth? And then my second question is just, on the distribution -- the distributor renewals, you mentioned you're about 1/4 the way through. I guess, any color you can give us in terms of how the tone may have changed? It sounds like you've done very well on those negotiations, but has the process or the tone changed at all from the past years? 
Leslie Moonves: Alexia, those numbers were purely domestic. International is totally on top of that. As you know, it's just -- it's a fairly new business for us. So with what we've seen the growth in some of the other international companies, we're really excited. So the numbers we gave you, once again, just domestic. 
Joseph Ianniello: And Alexia, on the distribution renewals, the way I would say it is, I mean, everybody knows what the market rates are already. I think in the early days, and remember, when we started our retrans, it was a 0 -- the industry was 0. There was $0 being generated here. And this year, we'll be over $1.6 billion, well on our way to the $2.5 billion. So I think everybody understands and appreciates what the market value is. So the proof-of-concept was the hardest. And now, each progressive deal gets easier and easier because the marketplace knows everybody else is paying the same rates. And so we've been able to keep that discipline. As Les mentioned, Verizon, Charter and DISH, all that rates consistent with our stated goals, as we said. So we're feeling very good about that marketplace. 
Operator: Next from Jefferies, we have John Janedis. 
John Janedis: Les, you talked about the 24 pilots in development with streaming companies. I assume there's no one-size-fits-all answer, but can you talk about how you're thinking about ownership and rights? Meaning, are you retaining a piece of ownership? And in general, are you retaining global rights given that demand for content that you're seeing, frankly it seems like there could be something like a global shadow syndication pipeline from the streaming production. 
Leslie Moonves: Obviously, there are different deals with different services. Netflix, pretty much demands that they keep everything. They keep all the global rights. Obviously, we are more attuned to it as we go forward with our own international offerings is trying to maintain the international rights on a lot of our products. Once again, it really is each -- each field is different. In certain cases, you can get a piece of ownership, in certain places, you can't. It's the same thing with our own channels where we make deals where we own most of the shows but there are other people there. The syndication market, internationally, is becoming a very interesting game to play because we are generating, obviously, billions of dollars in revenue from international syndication. At the same time, we are looking ahead to our own OTT services, where we're going to have to put more and more of our own content and then eventually probably get into local production as well. So it's a brave new world for us, but we're figuring out the puzzle pieces, as we've done before. 
John Janedis: Joe, maybe can you talk about the investment in content and digital initiatives in the context of managing profitability and margin? I think you said and suggested that you can invest and remain profitable. So as you look out to that 4-year plan, when do margins start to scale? 
Joseph Ianniello: Yes. Look, we've got to roll out, John, because we're still investing. So you saw the margin in this quarter basically go back with 1 percentage point. So we are maintaining that margin and we're not -- again, as we said, as we make this incremental investment, we're not going to increase our leverage ratio and subs. So we're going to be very prudent on how to do that. And the P&L will -- the amortization, the P&L, I'm obviously focused on the cash portion of it. But we can fund this incremental growth. But the payback's pretty quick because you see the subs grow rather quickly and that's why we felt confident today that we could take our estimate up, again, a full year from where -- again, where we started with our OTT services, again just a couple of years ago, was 0. And like I said, we're going to be right at approximately $600 million this year. So you can see how fast that -- you can generate hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars. So we'll manage the margin along the way. But first and foremost, we'll make sure the quality and content remains a very high standard and we don't put too much pressure on the balance sheet. 
Operator: Next question comes from David Miller with Imperial Capital. 
David Miller: Two questions. One for Les, one for Joe. Les, again, on the issue of sports betting, obviously, just a huge opportunity for you guys in terms of advertising, as you alluded to in your prepared remarks. But my understanding is that it is a state issue, not necessarily a federal issue in terms of the ultimate legality. And since the CBS Network extends into all homes and all states, how do you come up with new programming around sports betting that you can put on the network and not just the stations that happen to be located in states which have legalized gambling? And I realize that's somewhat of a derivative of the question that was already asked. And then, Joe, it looks like on your list of upcoming callable paper, you've got the 2.3% senior unsecureds totaling $600 million, maturing at about a year. Any plans to deal with that before the end of this year or is that more of a 2019 story? 
Leslie Moonves: David, as long as sports betting remains local, obviously, it will be better to surround it with sports programming. And we have such a ton of that between the network and our cable network as well as HQ. So that's our plans. To tell you that truth, we're not that far down the line in terms of shoulder programming for sports betting, but we're looking forward to it. 
Joseph Ianniello: And David, on your refinancing. Look, we're always opportunistic to take advantage of supply and demand and kind of term that out. So that's part of Adam's new expanded responsibility that he will be addressing in the coming months. 
Operator: Next question is from Laura Martin with Needham & Company. 
Laura Martin: Okay. So let's go back to this or stay with this issue of OTT. So Joe, for you, I mean, I've been running a long time but I think CBS is building Netflix inside, but it's better because it owns content. My question for you is, how do we capture this value that you're creating because -- are you going to give us more metrics because it sounds like now, you're building value faster given that you've upped the sub number? So are you going to give us more metrics so we can back out the losses, which are now dragging down your valuation? Or can you spin off 10% of it so us stupid analysts can just take the public stock price and get to an adjusted value for CBS? How do we uncover the value? And then, Les, for you, sort of another thing it seems is better than Netflix is you got like 5 properties out there now that all have target demos. So when you think about an enterprise level targeting, is there some way to like look at news versus sports versus All Access versus Showtime on the over-the-top platforms and actually hone out the screen target markets and content that complement one another and actually create more value synergistically because you do have 4 brands in the over-the-top market compared to Netflix, which has a single-muddied brand in the over-the-top market. 
Leslie Moonves: Look, Laura, you've sort of hit on our strategy, where most of them are relatively new, HQ is only 6 months old. ET is just coming out in the fall. We're gathering a lot more data from all our services about what our target demos are and our ability, obviously, to do the ones that we're using for advertising to sell them together. And as we said, we're looking to be able to bundle them, all our properties, as one, sell advertising on some and just get subscriptions on the others. So it's really exciting. And I think by what we have done, there are many more of these that we can continue to do. 
Joseph Ianniello: And Laura, it's Joe. On your -- how do we capture the value. Look, I mean, that's certainly a high-class problem and we're certainly thinking about the best way to do that in our disclosures, the segment reporting, what metrics we can provide in terms of sub count. So I think it's -- certainly, it's starting with sub count. And I think that's why we said, we tried to point you in which -- what direction we're going in. You obviously know the economics because you know the price points of that. And so now, what we're doing is we're just going to be capturing the cost associated with that. So let's continue this -- certainly a conversation in terms of how to do that ahead and certainly, we're going to be mindful and look to ways to unlock the value for investors to get a proper valuation on it. But I think when you step back and you think about CBS and subscribers who are consuming our content, I agree with you that it's very impressive, and we need to do a better job of highlighting that. So we're not an advertising-based company. We are a company that generates content licensing and subscription revenue, first and foremost, and we monetize our content much more broadly. And I think that's a repositioning that we have been underway for quite some time. And now, it's starting to become more and more meaningful. 
Operator: Our final question will come from Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo. 
Marci Ryvicker: Joe, I have 2 questions for you. So the first, just going back to retransmission consent. When you first gave us the 2020 target, and I think it was initially up $2 billion, you pointed to retrans rates of "under $3 per sub" and then reverse comp rates of "under $2 per sub." We know retrans has gone up. I think you raised that target to $2.5 billion. How should we think about those 2 rates? Is it more like $3.50, $2.50 or something else? And then, secondly, I don't remember if it was you or Les, who talked about political already having doubled from 2014. So do you think that political revenue for all of '18 will double from '14? And can you remind us what you did in 2014, excluding the radio business? 
Joseph Ianniello: Sure, Marci. On your retrans, the $2.5 billion, again, roughly, it's about $3 per sub and are owned and operated. So again, let's call the United States 90 million homes. We own television stations in 1/3 of it. So let's just call it 30 million, times 3, times 12 months, that gets you just under the $1.1 billion. And then the other 2/3 where we get reverse comp, that's about $2. So 60 million homes, times 12, times 2, is about $1.4-something billion. That's the math of the $2.5 billion. I will tell you, every deal we do with both constituencies are at or above those rates. And as we said, as we -- over the next 2 years, we get to reset about 3/4 of it, about 30% next year in '19 and the remaining in '20. So that's the math. And again, that's why we feel very confident about that. On your second question regarding political, we're not sure if will double for the whole year. What I will tell you is back in 2014, over 50% of the revenue came in the fourth quarter. So it's pretty concentrated. But I will tell you, it's going to be up significantly from 2014. And again, really primarily driven in the month of October. So we see again the TV stations benefiting. And again, the numbers I'm giving you are TV stations only, not -- I certainly excluded radio from all of our results historically. So we're poised to really, again, be beneficiary this back half of the year, particularly in the fourth quarter. And then, again, a whole new advertising category coming into the marketplace in sports betting. So we're feeling pretty good about the local advertising business. 
Marci Ryvicker: Did you say the 2014 number already? 
Joseph Ianniello: No, it's -- Marci, it was somewhere between $125 million and $150 million, if I have it off the top of my head, in that range. 
Adam Townsend: Okay. Thank you, Marci. And this concludes today's call. Thank you, everyone, for joining us. 
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-03 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Adam Townsend - CBS Corp. Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp. Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.
Analysts: Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC John Janedis - Jefferies LLC Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC Laura Martin - Needham & Co. LLC John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CBS Corporation First Quarter 2018 Earnings Release Teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Executive Vice President of Corporate Finance and Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to our first quarter 2018 earnings call. Joining us for today's remarks are Leslie Moonves, our Chairman and CEO and Joe Ianniello, our Chief Operating Officer. Following Les and Joe's discussion of the company's performance, we will open the call to questions. Please note that during today's conference call, results will be discussed on an adjusted basis unless otherwise specified. The first quarter 2018 results are only adjusted to exclude $9 million of M&A related expenses incurred during the quarter. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found in our earnings release or on our website. Also note that statements on this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements which involves risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's SEC filings. A webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can also be found on the investors section of our website at cbscorporation.com. Finally I'd like to remind you that today's call is to discuss our results for the first quarter and will not be responding to any questions or comments about the process with Viacom. With that it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Les.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Thank you, Adam and good afternoon everyone and thanks for joining us today. This was an especially outstanding quarter for the CBS Corporation. As you can see from our results, the strategy we have laid out for you is clearly working and the good news is there is so much more to come. Revenue grew 13% to $3.8 billion, a first quarter record. Operating income was up 8% to $781 million, an all-time high and EPS shot up 26% to $1.34. That's not only our best quarter ever for EPS but it's also our 33rd consecutive quarter of EPS growth. CBS' consistent strong performance quarter-after-quarter, year-after-year is actually what shareholders have come to expect from us and we continue to deliver these results while constantly investing in our future as well. This includes the continuous creation of must-have content, the launch of new digital platforms and the recruitment and retention of some of the best talent in the industry. Because at CBS, just as we've shown you, for the last 10 years it's not enough to win now, we must also strategically position ourselves to win for many years to come. I want to make one key point right up front from here that truly illustrates our momentum. In an era where others are concerned about losing subscribers caused by cord cutting and other matters, CBS Corporation is growing its subscribers. That's right. When you combine all of our paying subscribers across traditional MVPDs, virtual MVPDs and our direct-to-consumer services, our overall sub base is growing at both CBS and Showtime. We've now been up for three quarters in a row, whether you look at it sequentially or year-over-year and that sub growth accelerated here in the first quarter up mid-single digits from last year. At CBS, we've long said, we are prepared to grow no matter how consumer watches our content, and this cross platform subscriber growth is the proof. Central to our success is the rapid expansion of our direct-to-consumer streaming services led by CBS All Access and Showtime OTT. Some of our key competitors are just now entering the space and we are already nearly two-thirds of the way to our goal of 8 million subs between these platforms by 2020. Plus by going over-the-top, we're achieving higher rates per sub than any other form of distribution, which means these services are becoming more meaningful to our bottom line all the time. And of course they're attracting a younger audience as well. In addition, we are just beginning to scale our OTT services by expanding All Access into the international marketplace. Last week, we launched All Access in Canada, where subscribers can get thousands of hours of our current and library CBS program, also our All Access originals and the ability to live stream CBSN, our digital news network. By year's end, we plan to bring All Access to Australia using our acquisition of Network Ten as a gateway to launch in that market. After that we'll add more and more markets every year, leading to tremendous upside to our overall direct-to-consumer strategy. And importantly, these international subs are incremental to our 2020 target that I just mentioned. At the same time we scale our direct-to-consumer platforms, we're also expanding our CBS and Showtime subscriber base through virtual MVPDs like Hulu. Like Hulu, YouTube TV, DIRECTV NOW and others. In addition, we continue to grow traditional MVPD revenue as well. Quarter in and quarter out, we're successfully negotiating deals with distributors large and small, at rates that better reflect the full value of our audience with plenty of more upside to go. As a result, we now have more confidence than ever that we will achieve our goal of $2.5 billion in retrans and reverse comp by 2020. So we're growing over-the-top. We're growing our skinny bundles and virtual MVPDs, and we are growing on traditional bundles. As audiences move from place to place, they are not leaving CBS, they're just transitioning to a new platform that actually pays us more than the old one. What's equally important is that as we grow our subscriber base, we're also generating a much higher average sub rate. At CBS, first quarter rates were up nearly 30% from last year and our rate growth is accelerating at Showtime as well. This is because people are shifting to platforms that pay us more, and it's because we're resetting our existing viewers at higher rates. Growing subs and rates at the same time is a powerful combination that is made possible by the strength of our must-have content and the new ways we're delivering. We're also launching a number of direct-to-consumer services that build off our core strength in news, sports and entertainment. Two of these over-the-top services are already successful and the third one based on our hit show, Entertainment Tonight, is on the way. The first of these, of course, is CBSN, which led CBS News to another streaming record in the first quarter. Once again, the average age of the CBSN viewer is 38 which is decades younger than the average news viewer on cable or broadcast. We followed up the success of CBSN by launching CBS Sports HQ during the quarter. As successful as CBSN has been, CBS SPORTS HQ already has 60% more streams than CBSN did at this point in its launch with significant spikes in viewers during our major sporting events. Next will be our new 24/7 Entertainment Tonight streaming service which we plan to launch in the fall. This will allow us to cover breaking entertainment news in a way we couldn't before. ET continues to dominate in its category as the most recognized name in entertainment news and won another Emmy in that category just this week. We're confident that expanding this brand in this way will attract younger viewers while giving us another vertical that is right in our wheelhouse. All of these streaming services allow us to sell advertising to highly targeted audiences at premium CPMs. And as we move forward, they will play a key role in our subscription strategy as well, becoming more and more integrated with CBS All Access and becoming a key component of our international OTT strategy. These new platforms that I just mentioned have something else going for them. They are next-generation extensions of the biggest and most far-reaching media platform in the world, the CBS Television Network. Whether you're launching a hit show or a direct-to-consumer service, having the power of the most viewers in media is a clear competitive advantage and at CBS we continue to dominate primetime like no one else. Since the Super Bowl, Olympics and Oscars, we have now won every single week of the season, that's eight weeks in a row at number one and we've won each week by more than a million viewers and several of them by more than 2 million. In two weeks, we will announce our new primetime schedule once again at Carnegie Hall. In addition to an exciting slate of new shows, we'll be returning 17 of our hit series as well as three new freshmen hits, Young Sheldon, SEAL TEAM and S.W.A.T. And there's no better time to be getting into the upfront marketplace and when scatter is as strong as it is right now with pricing up well more than 20%. In addition, we're confident that the unparalleled reach and trusted brands of CBS will prove to be an especially attractive landing spot for marketers this year as they continue to assess some very well-publicized concerns about digital advertising. Next season's primetime lineup will also generate new licensing opportunities. We own 12 of the 17 shows that we've renewed plus we have ownership in 14 of the 18 pilots that we've ordered. All of our own shows, all of our own hits go into our pipeline of shows that can be monetized in a market where there is a great demand for premium content. This includes continued healthy increases in the international licensing of our programming which is a key pillar of our long-term growth strategy. Owning more of our shows also means that we have more content to license domestically which continues to be an unheralded part of our business. We know that streaming services like Netflix, Amazon, and Hulu are finding success with originals, but in addition to that, what people don't know as well is that some of the highest rated programs on these services are off network programming such as NCIS, Criminal Minds and Blue Bloods. Series like these also still do extraordinarily well on cable television where CBS shows are the bread and butter for TBS, USA, Hallmark and others. So no matter the platform, digital cable or broadcast, the shows with the broadest appeal are the ones that syndicate the best. Meanwhile, CBS Studios continues to expand its output by creating content for platforms inside and outside our company at the same time, including a dramatic spike in production for streaming services. As a result, our studio has evolved to become an industry leader in cross-platform production. In just three short years, we went from creating zero series for premium cable and streaming platforms to 14, including 4 series for Netflix such as American Vandal, which just recently won a Peabody Award. And all of this production for streaming services is on top of all the shows we're also creating for broadcast and cable networks. Meanwhile, late-night continues to be a terrific story for us as well. Stephen Colbert's lead over the competition is bigger than ever. The Late Show posted its best first quarter audience in more than a decade and is now well more than 1 million viewers, 1 million viewers ahead of its closest competitor and the gap is widening. In fact, one of Stephen's recent broadcasts beat the combined ratings of his two late-night competitors by more than 1 million viewers. We also continue to benefit from the extraordinary talents of James Corden, who's Late Late Show was up 4% year-over-year, and we know what a huge impact he's having on streaming platforms. At CBS News, no program is firing on all cylinders better than 60 Minutes. Now in its 50th year, 60 Minutes is not only the number one news program, but it's also been a top-10 show 19 out of 24 weeks so far this season, including each of the last 9 weeks. It even reached number one for a week in March, delivering more than 22 million viewers, the largest 60 Minutes audience in nearly a decade. In sports, we're coming off from one of the most exciting times of the year with the NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament and the Masters. More than 100 million viewers watched all or part of the tournament, and CBS's coverage of the Kansas-Duke game was the highest-rated regional final in 13 years. The Masters was up 18% from last year and overall so far the season. Our golf coverage is up 13%. Meanwhile, we're gearing up for a huge year with the NFL with the AFC Championship back in primetime and the Super Bowl back on CBS. And this fall, FCC football will look to become the highest-rated football package for the 10th consecutive year. Remember, we have all four of these major sports franchises locked up well into the next decade and, in the case of the NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament through the year 2032, and I'm looking forward to that negotiation already. Sports is also a key driver of CBS All Access. During the week of the NCAA Tournament, new signups to All Access doubled from the same week last year and for the Masters they were up more than 170%. Our entertainment content is leading to new subscribers as well. The season finale of Star Trek: Discovery, the return of The Good Fight, and big events like the Grammys led Q1 signups to be 100% year-over-year. The next level of success for CBS All Access will be achieved by increasing our investment in original content. In addition to The Good Fight and Star Trek: Discovery, which just began production of Season 2, next month we'll premiere our new drama, Strange Angel from famed director and producer Ridley Scott. After that, we'll launch the psychological thriller from Kevin Williamson called Tell Me a Story. We'll also have a return of the Will Ferrell comedy, No Activity, and in addition to all of this, our studio is developing a limited series for All Access called 8 Fights  The Life of Muhammad Ali, produced by Oscar-winner Morgan Freeman. And of course, we'll also have the highly anticipated re-imagination of The Twilight Zone from Academy award-winner, Jordan Peele. The same strategy of investing in premium content is driving our growth at Showtime. In the first quarter, we grew by a million subs year-over-year, with that increase coming from both traditional distribution and Showtime's over-the-top streaming services. That sub-growth was driven by a string of key programming successes during the quarter. It started in January with the launch of another new hit series, The Chi, which quickly became one of our top dramas. Also in January, Showtime's number-one comedy, Shameless, ended its eighth season with its best ratings yet, averaging nearly 8 million viewers. February brought the return of our number-one drama, the amazing Homeland, which premiered to an audience that was up double digits from 2017. And in March, our number-two drama, Billions launched with its highest-rated premiere so far. In fact, so far this year, Shameless, The Chi, Homeland and Billions are the top four hour-long scripted series in all of premium cable. Great content is also driving our success in publishing, where we have a very strong release schedule ahead with new titles from Stephen King, Brad Thorn, Ruth Ware, as well as a new memoir from Senator John McCain. Here too, we continue to attract a younger digital audience with audiobooks where nearly half of all listeners are under the age of 35. In local media, we're set up for a strong back half of the year in political advertising with the primaries this summer and the midterm elections in November. As we know, there are some very significant races going on out there and both the House and Senate are up for grabs. And as is often the case, there will also be a number of ballot propositions in California where we own six stations. So across our company, CBS is operating from a position of great strength. We have well documented long-term strategy that produced record results here in the quarter, will lead to record results for the year, where we'll produce extremely compelling results, right through our 2020 targets and beyond. We're growing our subscribers, we're expanding internationally, we're launching new streaming services and most importantly, we're creating and producing multi-platform premium content on a level we never have before. And that content is fueling growth across our company in ways that are just beginning to benefit our shareholders. We look forward to updating you on our progress as we build on the success of the CBS Corporation in the days ahead. In the meantime, thank you for joining us, and here's Joe.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Thanks, Les, and good afternoon, everyone. As you heard, we turned in a terrific first quarter with record revenue and profits. Each strong results make us that much more confident we will deliver on the 2018 outlook that we provided for you on our last call. Our success is the result of the strategy we put in place two years ago to proactively capitalize on the changes taking place across our industry. We saw a shift in the consumption habits of viewers who wanted to watch our content on demand and outside the home. We also saw bigger opportunities for our content, particularly in the international marketplace. So we aligned our businesses to better monetize these trends by launching new distribution models, creating more premium content and expanding the ways we get paid for our programming. That is what's driving our results today. Our non-advertising revenue grew 17% during the quarter and now makes up about 54% of our total revenue. As part of that, our growth in content licensing is driven by long-term contracts and output deals for our CBS and Showtime programming, which provide us with a steady, highly visible revenue stream. And in terms of affiliate and subscription fee revenue, as you heard, we are growing our paying subscriber base and importantly, we are increasing the average price per subscriber that we receive. This gives us a much more powerful business model and we are still in the early innings of this growth story. That is why we're so excited about our future. Now, let me give you some more details about our company's first quarter results. Revenue was up 13% to $3.8 billion with healthy gains across all three of our key revenue sources. As I mentioned, affiliate and subscription fee revenue continues to be a strong and steady growth driver and was up 16%. This was led by retrans and reverse comp, which was up a robust 25%. And revenue from skinny bundles and our direct-to-consumer consumer services nearly doubled, another indication of the shift in media consumption. Content licensing and distribution was up 18% as our strategy of investing in premium content and monetizing it internationally across multiple platforms continues to pay off. And as we add more content to our pipeline, we are set up for continued growth in the future as well. And total company advertising revenue increased 8% in the first quarter. This growth was driven by Network Ten in Australia as well as a solid performance at the CBS Television Network, which was up 1% despite competing against the Winter Olympics. In addition, we also turned in our best ever results in profits. Operating income was up a solid 8% to $781 million. Net earnings from continuing operations was up a healthy 20% to $518 million and EPS was up 26% to $1.34, which once again was a new all-time high for us. Now let's turn to our operating segments. Entertainment revenue for the quarter was up a strong 16% to $2.7 billion. Affiliate and subscription fee revenue led the way with a 39% increase and we grew across distribution platforms with gains in reverse comp, CBS All Access and skinny bundles. In addition, advertising was up 11% as we continued to benefit from our accretive Network Ten acquisition. At the CBS Network, advertising accelerated from the fourth quarter and the demand for broadcast network advertising continues to be strong as we head into the upfront. Entertainment operating income was up 22% to $492 million and we grew our operating income even as we increased our investment in content and our direct-to-consumer services, including the launch of CBS Sports HQ and the expansion of CBS All Access into Canada. First quarter Cable Networks revenue was up a healthy 12% to $609 million. As you heard, we added 1 million more subscribers with increases in both our traditional and direct-to-consumer distribution platforms. And this growth was aided by our strategy of releasing a new Showtime hit series at least once a month. Just to give you some perspective, over the last year we have added more than 100 hours of Showtime original programming, including the four hit series that premiered in Q1. Cable Networks' operating income for the quarter came in at $230 million compared to $250 million a year ago as a result of the strategic investment into our content which will drive future growth. Turning to publishing. First quarter revenue came in at $160 million which was even with last year. Best-selling titles in the quarter included I've Got My Eyes On You by Mary Higgins Clark and The Last Black Unicorn by Tiffany Haddish. As you heard, digital audio continues to be a strong growth area and was up 43% in Q1. Just like our other segments, publishing is driven by quality content and technological advances which are leading to higher consumption and lower production costs. Talk publishing operating income grew 7% to $16 million for the quarter, mainly due to the more efficient business model I just mentioned and the operating income margin expanded by 1 percentage point. In Local Media, first quarter revenue was up 1% to $415 million which is consistent with the low single-digit pacing we told you about on our last call. And in our top 10 markets, revenue was up a solid 4%. Local Media operating income for the first quarter came in at $118 million compared with $124 million last year due to the changing revenue mix. Turning to cash flow and our balance sheet. Operating cash flow came in at $717 million, up 6% from last year. Once again, we achieved these results while investing in both our premium content and our direct-to-consumer services. Also during the first quarter we repurchased $200 million worth of our stock and at the end of the quarter we had $2.9 billion remaining under the current repurchase program. Now let me tell you what we see ahead. Local media revenue in the second quarter is pacing to be up low to mid-single digits and as you heard, scatter pricing at the network remains extremely strong. It's up well over 20% across multiple dayparts which bodes well for us as we head into the upfront. Looking beyond the second quarter, we expect 2018 to be a very good year for advertising driven by midterm elections which will benefit our results in the back half of the year particularly in the fourth quarter. Also for 2018, retrans and reverse comp are set up for continued strong gains. As we sit here today, we have deals in place with some of the largest distributors going through 2020, and all executed in line with our $2.5 billion revenue target for 2020. So we see a clear path ahead toward achieving that goal which once again is driven by the premium content that CBS delivers year in and year out. I'd also like to give you some more color about the tremendous success we're having in our direct-to-consumer businesses. At All Access, subscribers can choose between services with ads or without. Whichever the consumer chooses, we are agnostic from a revenue perspective. What we are seeing, however, is that even though the commercial-free version launched much later than the one with ads, a third of all our All Access subscribers have now chosen the ad-free option. So combined with Showtime OTT, this means that more than two-thirds of our total direct-to-consumer subscribers are using a commercial free service. Now, that we've launched the ad-free version of All Access internationally, this number should only increase. All of this will serve to grow, diversify and reduce the volatility of our revenue. We're also set up very well in content licensing. Currently, we have more than 800 episodes of hit shows that we can bring into the marketplace, some of which we will be monetizing this year. And we continue to add to our content pipeline. In two weeks we will be unveiling new shows that will be part of the CBS primetime lineup, plus we are producing content for The CW, Showtime and other streaming and cable networks. So we have plenty of licensing opportunities before us, especially in the international markets. So in summary, our outstanding first quarter results provide numerous proof points of our success of our strategy and show how we are on the right trajectory to deliver on both our 2018 financial outlook and our longer-term growth targets as well. And with that, Gwen, let's open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go first to Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. I want to come back to the over-the-top and All Access strategy, Les, which is obviously you're seeing success there. And you're investing behind it, which makes sense. How are you thinking about your content strategy as you look out over the next kind of one to two years? Are you seeing sort of a rationale to have more regular new content on All Access to drive customers sort of the way you've implement that strategy at Showtime? And then from a distribution perspective, are you thinking about bundling All Access, whether it's with Showtime, or with services like Hulu, or even thinking about working with cable operators where you might be able to work the churn levels lower? I'd love your thoughts on both those topics.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Yeah, let me deal with content first. Obviously, we're expanding the number of originals we're doing on All Access. We're expanding the number of originals we're doing on Showtime as well. Plus, we're producing for a lot more outlets. So our studios have something like 65 shows in production right now, which is a big increase from what it's done before. And when we analyze our shows, by and large, they're are profitable before we begin. So even though we're producing content for All Access and, obviously, the goal is to get our subscribers up, there is a great international play on them as well like we did with Star Trek where we got many millions of dollars for originals there. So on virtually every show, we have a strategy and we have a plan for monetizing it and there are very, very few shows we don't go into where we're not making a profit off the back. Whether it's for CBS, whether it's All Access, whether it's Showtime, or whether it's an outside service that we provide for. In terms of the bundling, we're already selling All Access with Showtime OTT, so we're already doing that. And we're obviously exploring all sorts of other ways of distributing it. As you know, we're very pleased with where we are with the number of subs. And like some of the other streaming services that are bigger than us, they've made a variety of deals. We're also looking at them and we're not averse to any ideas there.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's helpful. And then just along those lines maybe for Joe, as you think about the investment in content and also marketing of all these OTT services over the next couple of years, does that still allow for margin expansion in the overall CBS business as we look through your kind of 2020 objectives?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Sure, Ben. Yeah, look, I think we're demonstrating that because just year-over-year we're spending hundreds of millions of dollars more on owned content and you see us managing the margin to kind of flattish. And so we're able to see that because, as Les pointed out, the turnaround time to turn the cost into revenue is pretty quick. And so with the international marketplace  when we create a franchise, we're looking to maximize that franchise. And so it's not a one-size-fits-all. So we're able to definitely maintain margin while we continue this investment. So I think really that's the key here, what we're talking about. Because usually you have to step backwards when you're making long-term investments and here we're able to maintain it and still set us up for better growth in the future.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you both.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Great. Thanks, Ben. Let's take the next question.
Operator: We'll go next to Jessica Reif with Bank of America.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hello, thanks. Two questions. First one is on advertising. With parts of the industry in turmoil, not you, agencies, the rating system, viewers changing the way they're watching, could you just talk about how different or what you're doing to change your approach to advertising in general, especially as we're going into the upfront? And kind of as a sideline, on the OTT advertising as you mentioned the higher CPMs, is there any seasonality? Are there any particular categories that platform lends itself to? And then I have a different topic.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Okay. Jessica, let me tell you, on the agency ratings measurement, look, we've always said best content wins. And so whether you're doing that direct to the clients which more and more clients are doing that direct business, and they just want to make sure that we're delivering. So whatever the measurement system is, whatever the rules are, we're comfortable with that. Our job is to produce quality content that appeals to mass audiences. And I think when you stack us up against our competition, we stand out. And so as long as we have that and we're able to demonstrate that consumption, the monetization will follow. So clearly it's changing. I mean we're setting our sales up, organization differently. Digital advertising are clearly at higher CPMs, direct-to-consumer we're expanding the advertiser base so we're doing all of those things not to be relying on intermediaries that stop us from maximizing our revenue. On the OTT front, they are at higher CPMs because they're more effective, they're more targeted. And so we have the data to support that and it's more valuable to the advertisers. So as more and more of that consumption becomes more and more acceptable to the advertisers and they see the effect, I think it just become standard. But we're not seeing any particular seasonality to the consumption, it's more driven on the release schedule and the stuff that's in the pipeline as opposed to seasonality or time of day.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then the last question, the second question on  it's about premium content. I mean obviously you guys scaled up dramatically, but so have all these other, not just traditional players but the other players and I just  can you talk about the impact it's had on your programming, whether it's on costs, on talent, buyers, et cetera?
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Yeah. No, it's a good question. Obviously, with Netflix doing something like 75 or 80 original series and Amazon and Hulu also investing in original content, Apple is doing it, YouTube is doing it, there is a lot more competition out there. Obviously, they are more competitive with All Access and Showtime, and there are certain cases where we will not pay the kind of money that they will. We'll have more discipline with that, but fortunately over there we've got David Nevins and a bunch of phenomenal developers. And as you see their content, you know more about Showtime content than just about any other premium service that's out there. So the quality of our development internally we have to work hard and once again translating it to our other services, obviously, the CBS Television Network and The CW Network it's sort of the same as it's been in the past. Yeah, there is a lot more competition for writers and actors, and the price of poker in certain cases has gone up when you go after talent, when Netflix can go after a Shonda Rhimes or a Ryan Murphy who are the top people who are out there, and give them hundreds of millions of dollars, but we have something else to offer at CBS Network. We get visibility with a show on something called the backend. So there's a guy named Chuck Lorre over at Warner Brothers whose had Big Bang and Young Sheldon who's made a lot more than a couple of hundred million dollars on the backend of his shows on the CBS Television Network. So there's a give-and-take on that, and you know, we're pretty competitive in everything we do, and I think we do every form of content really well and no matter what the competition is.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Great. Thank you, Jessica. Next question?
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Morris with Guggenheim Securities.
Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. Two topics. One on programming and one on subscribers. So on programming, one genre where I would argue that you're the lightest is kind of the kids, young adults, family type of programming. And my question is as you look at both your linear portfolio and also your over-the-top products, is that a genre you would like to be bigger in? And when you look at potentially investing in that, what are kind of the factors you're thinking about in terms of trying to fuel your strategy going forward? And then I have one on subs?
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Yeah. I mean you're absolutely right. That hasn't been an area we've been focused on. Kids don't watch CBS. There's an FCC rule that says we have to put on three hours a week of acceptable programming. I think we have 10 to 15 children watching every Saturday morning on CBS. So it is an area we are not particularly strong in. As we see some of the success that Netflix has had with younger programming, obviously it's something that we are looking at as we head to the future to invest more in that. So you may see us doing more of that right now.
Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks on that. And then, Les, you did mention the subscribers growing across your business which is healthy. But if I think specifically about your station subscribers which are traditional MVPDs and the virtual MVPDs, with the launch of some of the new MVPDs over the last quarter or two, have you seen an improvement in that trend as a stand-alone? What are you seeing there at this point?
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Yeah. I think the virtual MVPDs are growing. You see growth on some of them and as we said earlier, the more they grow, the more we grow. Because they are paying us better rates than we're getting from the traditional MVPDs, so we encourage that. And I think some of the results are very encouraging at some of them. So that's one of the points that we continue to make. The newer the service, the more we get paid for it. So these shifts are good and they are becoming substantial.
Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay. Great. And can you help us at all with whether or not they've actually been additive to the ecosystem in general since kind of the launch of YouTube and Hulu virtual MVPD services?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Mike, it's Joe. It's hard to say that for us it's been clearly additive. We don't have stations across the country. We only cover a third of the country. And as you know the deals we have with our affiliates are really cash license fees. So we can't comment and say that, but what we can say is in the markets where we are, yeah, it is absolutely additive.
Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay. That's great. Thanks, Joe. Thanks, Les.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thanks, Mike.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Thank you, Mike.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Gwen, we'll take the next question.
Operator: We'll go next to Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you. I have a question on the advertising and really sort of the traditional TV platform. I mean given that advertisers really value the really strong demand for TV because of its mass reach, and it really is not able to replicate that mass reach elsewhere in any other media, is there any concern that as viewership continues to fragment, even if you're keeping or you've been gaining share across all your platforms in aggregate that this becomes an issue, and advertisers may be a little bit less willing to pay those premiums for your top programming and sports? Or is that really years away, and given where pricing going clearly not on the table right now?
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Alexia, it's been a question for years and years as viewers are shifting how come CPMs continue to go up. Because in a universe of 1,000 channels, the network numbers become even more and more important. So I've been doing this a long time. I think I've only seen CPMs go down once in like 20 years or something like that. So the top events, the sporting events, the live events, are still going to produce huge numbers. It's still the hottest thing in town. Even as ratings go down somewhat, or appear to go down because they're watching it on different platforms or different times, network advertising is still the best game in town. That's the reason scatter is up so much, and that's the reason we're looking forward to the upfront very much.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then just a follow-up for Joe if I can. On the comment about content sales, I think you said the pipeline was robust, I mean clearly saw some nice benefit in the quarter. I guess any more color? Are we expect to see some of the content sales in maybe the back half of this year? And is there any coming from sort of the U.S., or is it really driven by the big demand internationally?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Yeah. Look, I'll just give you just a couple of hit titles that we haven't brought to market. You know, Scorpion and Ray Donovan is just two successful shows that we have on the air for multiple years. So that's the type and quality that we feel like we have to decide when and how to bring that to market domestically. But clearly, and the international marketplace is a little different as we sell those shows earlier. So the 800 hours I was referring to in my comments were really domestic.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: All right. Thank you very much.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thanks, Alexia. Next question please.
Operator: We'll go next to John Janedis with Jefferies.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. A couple questions for me, too. One is look, this earnings season there's been deflation in ARPU at the MVPDs and it feels like increasingly premium cable network promotions are being used to drive subs. So understanding there's a mix in terms of how you guys get paid, can you talk about the mix of paid Showtime subs coming from traditional players relative to the Amazons and the other OTT players and your confidence around average rate per sub growth? And then I guess on a related topic, I know it's early, but is there evidence that increased originals you spoke to are leading to lower churn?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Yeah, John, it's Joe. Look, I think the new distribution platforms, it's a higher ARPU for Showtime. And so that split or that business model is much better for us as more and more people subscribe that way. So again, if they switch, it's better for us. If not, we should just try to get it in the rate. And what was the second part of your question?
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Yeah, I'll take this. There's no question that more original programming creates much less churn. The reason it's changed is Showtime's airing pattern, where we used to put on two shows or three shows per quarter. Now we will do one per month, one brand-new show per month, which has helped the churn a great deal. All Access, as you know, we've only had like two and a half shows on. That's going to be increased to seven or eight. We expect the churn to go way down on that and we're going to continue to do originals. And that's sort of a proven number.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. And, Les, maybe one other quick question is, look, as you know, and you talked about this, there's been a lot of concern about content pricing on the licensing side and so can you expand more on your comment in the release related to growth from renewal periods for licenses of library programming? To what extent was that a domestic comment? And can you talk about your confidence level that that current, I guess, either demand or trend continues?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Yeah, look, it's both domestic and international. And I think, look, it's just driven by the content that we have available and that's why we're producing more and more. We sell it and then we sell it over and over and over again. And we license it to multiple platforms. And so the windowing, John, becomes very, very important on how we window it. And so we want to be very strategic on how we're making our content available. And so that will continue as long as we keep filling the pipeline.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: As we said earlier, when we have an original programming, we already have its life laid out for, whether it's over and out in 10 episodes or hopefully it turns into 150 episodes. But even in the base case, we have it worked out where we know what we're going to get internationally within a range. We know where the domestic possibilities are. And as a result, before we even greenlight anything, we basically know the range of profitability, which is why I'm able to say there are very, very few shows that lose us any money, even some that are abject failures.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thanks, John. Let's go to the next question.
Operator: And we'll go next to Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good afternoon. I wanted to ask you two questions. First, some of your peers are producing a fair amount of content to put on other companies' platforms to participate in ad share models, whether it's Facebook, or Snap, or YouTube. As far as I can tell, you focused a lot more on using your content to build your own subscription services and then licensing, of course, to other platforms. What are your thoughts on these third-party platform ad share models? Are they good business models for content creators? And do you plan to do more on that front? And then I had a separate question. If you were to merge with another media company, any media company, that has international cable networks, would that international cable network presence be more of a positive or a negative factor in determining your success in launching direct-to-consumer services in international markets? And how would it impact the go-to-market strategy? Thanks.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Bryan, the second question we're not going to answer for obvious reasons. The first question is, yes, we do some of those deals with ad sharing. Each deal that we do is very different. There are certain deals on our digital content, digital streaming sites that we do. We do ad sharing, where we'll sell some of the ads, they'll sell some of the ads. I think today content is marked by a no rules basis. In other words, you can't say you won't do a deal like such and such because you have to be open to virtually any kind of deal that's available with different streaming services, different cable services, et cetera, et cetera, and that's sort of the mantra that we live by in selling our content.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Les.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thank you, Bryan. Next question, please.
Operator: And we'll go next to Steven Cahall with Royal Bank of Canada.
Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you. A couple for me. Maybe first on the international launches, I know in Canada you had licensing agreement with Bell so when we think about these international All Access launches, are you clawing back content from those existing licensing deals? Or does All Access just sit next to those and give the customer a couple of different options for content?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Hey, Steve. It's Joe. The way we're doing that is in conjunction with the partners meaning they have an exclusive except for All Access. Over time, obviously, we'll revisit that but for now what seems to be working best like we did in the U.S. is we just want a little carve-out as we grow our owned distribution service but, again, it's obviously tiny relative to the partners reach so we still are providing tremendous value to our partners. So it's a slow and steady kind of rollout but the opportunity is real and it's big.
Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got you. And then just as a follow-up, cable margins were kind of defied gravity against the industry for many years above 40%. We saw them dip down a little bit this quarter. I know the business is very strong but just so that we're setting expectations, should we expect the margins there to just be a little more modest going forward even if the earnings growth is still quite strong?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Yeah. Look, we're increasing our investment in content and promotion so as we said, we premiered four shows. It's not only the production cost but it's also the marketing. So, the margin came in at 38% for the quarter so anything around the 40% margin in any industry is a pretty darn good margin. So I think again we're maintaining that but, again, the goal for us is really to invest and grow the subscribers. And if that means we sacrifice a half a margin point, we're certainly going to look at that holistically. But I think we've been managing it consistently and I would, Steve, look at margins on an annual basis. Again, a quarter sometimes it swings up or down but over time I think if you look at it consistently it's still a very, very healthy margin business.
Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thank you.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Great. Thanks, Steve. Next question, please.
Operator: And we'll go next to Laura Martin with Needham.
Laura Martin - Needham & Co. LLC: Hi, there. Les, I'm going to ask a content question. So in answer to Ben's question, you said you had 65 series in production, and on your prepared comments you said 14 of which four were for Netflix. So I'm really interested in as a content super fan, are the nature of content changing? When you look at what you're doing for cable versus over-the-top, versus your own broadcast network and Showtime, is the nature of content changing? How do you see content differing over these different platforms?
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Yeah. It's a very good question and one of the things we pride ourselves in is being able to do different kinds and different work. The nature of content is very different for Showtime and All Access which is obviously super premium content that costs more that's done without any advertising, and then the next level is the CBS Television Network which is also premium content but obviously we do 22 or 24 episodes of that. Once again it needs to demand a bigger audience like The Big Bang Theory is the number one comedy and NCIS is the number one drama on television. They need to have a much broader audience than you'll find on Showtime or on All Access. And then you move to Netflix. We have a variety of different shows depending on their needs, moving further on different levels. The CW obviously is a different cost structure at a different demographic base and then you move into our daytime and syndication shows which we do a lot of game shows, we have the top game shows in Wheel and Jeopardy and we do Entertainment Tonight. We also do soap operas. So as I said, whether it's Ray Donovan or Homeland, till the price is right, we do them all well. We do them all well and we do them for whomever needs them. So we're good salesmen and we're good producers.
Laura Martin - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. I thought the most interesting stat I heard  I think Joe gave it  a third of your subs have chosen the ad-free option for All Access. That shocked me. My question then is are you thinking about rethinking pricing on all these ad-driven over-the-top services? Because it sounds like there's a clear consumer niche market that doesn't want ads.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Yeah, look, Laura, look, that's exactly why we kind of made the point. The point is we have millions and millions of subscribers. A lot of our revenue is paid through third parties, meaning advertisers or distributors. But when the consumer is making the choice and electing to pay $10 a month, that speaks volumes. And that gives us a lot of strength when we go into those negotiations because we know the consumer has knowingly elected to pay that. Not being subsidized by advertising or not being subsidized in a big bundle in a cable package. They chose to do that and so that certainly gives us a lot of confidence as we head into those revenue negotiations.
Laura Martin - Needham & Co. LLC: Right, but I'm asking about sports and news. You guys are launching all these ad driven over-the-top services. Does it make you want to offer an option to not have an ad driven?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Yeah, Laura, think about that as a feeder service. What they're doing is we're getting them used to the consumption outside the home and on-demand with product that's timely. For news or sports or now entertainment news, and that's going to be a subset of All Access. So you like the product and we're going to upsell you to a paid subscription service. So this is part of getting people used to this form of consumption as we sell them up.
Laura Martin - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. So it's an on-ramp. I get what you're doing. It's an on-ramp. That makes sense.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: On-ramp. That's the better word, Laura. It's an on-ramp. You don't mind if we use that in the future. I'll give you credit. We're on-ramping them to All Access.
Laura Martin - Needham & Co. LLC: Perfect. That's very helpful. Thanks, guys.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Thanks, Laura.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thanks Laura. Next question, please.
Operator: We'll go next to John Hodulik with UBS.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. Maybe first a follow-up to Mike Morris' question on accelerating subscriber trends. Can you give us a little bit more color on where that acceleration is coming from? Is it the multichannel environment some sort of combination of traditional and streaming? Or is it the D to C side? And then along with that, the Sling TV is really the only major platform that you guys aren't distributed on. What's the outlook there? Is it something that we can expect in the next renewal cycle? And then one other question if I may. We've got near-term targets for All Access and Showtime. How should we think of longer-term and how big the market opportunity is? Is it a question of just continuing to add more content and growing the market that way? And is there any consideration to  we're expecting obviously a big D to C launch in 2019 so we're getting out there and getting share before these other D to C products come to market. Thanks.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Okay. John. It's Joe. On your subscriber growth number, obviously just the law of numbers, the virtual MVPDs are smaller than our OTT stuff, so just as a percentage. But both areas, the growth is significant. And so I think, again, we're seeing that, again, as folks just are choosing a broadband platform is great and some of them are just saying, hey, I just want what I want and I want just CBS. So we're catching them all so I would say both of those are contributing very nicely. As far as our targets though, obviously we gave you our targets for 2020. We think we're going to beat or meet those. That was before we launched All Access internationally. So obviously we wouldn't have launched All Access internationally if we didn't see a lot of good data points along the way domestically. And I think we're being prudent on how we roll it out internationally. So look, we certainly look at Netflix subscribers every quarter that they report and we see what the opportunity is and based on the strength and depth of our content, we feel we are in the very early innings of this growth story.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: And regarding Sling TV, I imagine that the next negotiation we will probably be on that platform. You never know, it's always part of a negotiation. We're not on now, but we probably expect to be.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thank you, John. All right. Thanks a lot. Gwen, we have time for one more question.
Operator: We'll go to Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you. Speaking of Netflix, I know that you are producing original content but how much of your library content is still on Netflix now? Has that gone down over time? And then the second question is, Joe, you mentioned local media looking to be up low to mid-single digits so it feels like it's acceleration from Q1 to Q2. Is that from retrans, political or are you actually seeing a stronger underlying ad environment at the local stations?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Okay. Marci, I'll take the second one first, the low to mid-single digits. Yeah. Look, it's certainly political. It's helping that and retrans. I would call the local ad market as steady. Clearly in the first quarter we comped against the Olympics, so we're seeing that steady in the back half of the year. It's going to obviously be driven by political and again as well as retrans. So that's really going to be the story for local. And as far as Netflix, look, Netflix is still, as Les mentioned in his prepared remarks, Criminal Minds and NCIS is still a top 10 show viewed on Netflix so they're still very interested in our library and so we continue to have an ongoing relationship with them selling them shows as they come available.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Great. Thanks, Marci, and thank you everyone for joining us this evening. Have a good night.
Operator: And that concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-15 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Adam Townsend - EVP, Corporate Finance and IR Leslie Moonves - Chairman and CEO Joe Ianniello - COO
Analysts: Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Jessica Reif - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael Morris - Guggenheim Partners Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Doug Creutz - Cowen & Company David Miller - Loop Capital Laura Martin - Needham & Company James Goss - Barrington Research Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CBS Corporation Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Teleconference. Todays call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President of Corporate Finance and Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead.
Adam Townsend: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2017 earnings call. Joining us for todays remarks are Leslie Moonves, our Chairman and CEO, and Joe Ianniello, our Chief Operating Officer. Following Les and Joes discussion of the Companys performance, we will open the call up to your questions. Please note that during todays conference call, the fourth quarter and full year 2017 results for EPS and prior period comparisons will be discussed on an adjusted basis, unless otherwise specified. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found in our earnings release or on our website. Also note that statements on this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporations SEC filings. A webcast of this call and the earnings release related to todays presentation can also be found in the Investors section of our website at cbscorporation.com. Finally, as you know, weve put out a statement about two weeks ago announcing establishment of a special committee of independent directors to evaluate a potential combination with Viacom. On this call today, we will not be responding to any questions or comments about that process. With that, its my pleasure to turn the call over to Les.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you, Adam, and good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us today. Im extremely pleased to tell you that the CBS Corporation capped off 2017 with a terrific fourth quarter. Revenue was up 11% to $3.9 billion. And EPS was up 8% to $1.20, marking our 32nd consecutive quarter of EPS growth. We had very strong numbers for the year as well. Revenue was up 4% to $13.7 billion. And EPS was up 7% to $4.40, which again is our 8th straight year of EPS growth. These results represent all-time highs in revenue and EPS for both the quarter and for the year. And whats even more impressive is that we posted these records comping against 2016 when we had the Super Bowl and the most political spending weve ever seen. As we head into 2018, our momentum is only accelerated. And we are poised to deliver results that will be by far, the greatest financial performance in our Companys history. This is because we have better visibility into our future than ever before. Our radio transaction is in rearview mirror. Our newer, fast growing sources of revenue continue to grow at a rapid clip including our direct-to-consumer streaming services which doubled year-over-year. At the same time, we expect solid growth across the board in our base business in 2018. Joe will tell you how the remarkable progress we continue to make will translate into our future results. Trust me, you will not be disappointed. All of the success is the result of our long-term strategy, which is to produce must-have content and monetize it in more and more lucrative ways. We are uniquely positioned to do this because we have the biggest hits and many of the most valuable programming franchises in the business. The strength of our premium content gives us the clear path ahead, no matter how consumer habits change. One of the key developments in that regard is the rapid growth of the direct-to-consumer services, I just mentioned. In a very short period of time, CBS All Access and Showtime OTT are now at nearly 5 million subs combined. Thats far beyond where we expected to be at this point and it gives us great confidence that we will more than exceed our goal of 8 million subs combined by 2020. These services give us our highest subscriber rates and a direct relationship with our consumers as we collect increasingly valuable data about our audience. Delivering these services over the top also allows us to attract the next generation of viewers with an average age thats approximately 20 years younger than those who watch broadcast and cable television. This is the case with our entertainment content on CBS All Access and its the case with our news content at CBSN, our direct-to-consumer digital news network with nearly 80% of the audience is between the ages of 18 and 49 and the average age is 38. Our CBSN model has been so successful that we are now using it to launch two more of our most popular brands into their very owned direct-to-consumer services this year including CBS Sports and one of the most popular brands in entertainment news, Entertainment Tonight. CBS Sports HQ will be view later this month, right before March Madness and the Masters, will provide 24/7 news highlights and analysis in the unique way. We believe we can build a significant audience by launching an ad-supported free service with full mobile and on-demand capabilities. More importantly, were setting ourselves up for the direct-to-consumer future with another vertical that is right in our wheelhouse. That is also the case with our Entertainment Tonight streaming service which will debut in the fall. There was a tremendous appetite in the marketplace for entertainment news and here again well be taking advantage of our marquee brands and launching it on a new platform, where we can take advantage of better economics and bring in new viewers. Plus, we can use CBSN, CBS Sports HQ and ET to cross promote all of our direct-to-consumer services converting viewers on our ad-supported platforms into paying subscribers. There will be more news along these lines in the quarters ahead, as we continue to invest in our portfolio of streaming services as direct-to-consumer becomes a bigger part of our strategy. This includes tremendous potential of launching all of these OTT services around the world beginning in June when we expand All Access into Canada followed by Australia and then Europe and beyond as well. At the same time, there are number of new programming bundles that are catching on quickly as well, and were there too. We have deals with Hulu, YouTube TV, DirecTV Now, and Sony PlayStation Vue among others with more to come. These streaming services pay us more than we get form traditional bundles and they are having a bigger impact on our affiliate and subscription revenue all the time. The even better news is, while all of this is happening, our revenue from traditional MVPDs is strong with a lot of room to grow. When you look at the viewers we bring to the table, we continue to provide the best value to our MVPD partners. As a result, each new deal we do is better than that last. So, we have no doubt that we will surpass our goal of $2.5 billion in retrans and reverse comp revenue by 2020. Given the rapid change in media distribution recently, last quarter, we introduced a new fact that may come as a surprise to you but not to us, and it offers a new way to help evaluate our success. We told you that when you combine direct-to-consumer, skinny bundles and traditional MVPDs, our subs are growing at both CBS and at Showtime. This quarter, our total subscriber base grew even faster. So, as the world continues to change, here at the CBS Corporation our sub growth is accelerating. Thanks to our strategy to maximize our subscription revenue across platforms. In a nutshell, changing viewer habits are resulting in more subs for us and in higher rates. This momentum is taking place at a time when two other key positive developments are happening as well. First, were just beginning to benefit from our strategy to dramatically increase the output at our in-house studious. During the year, we produced 64 shows for 12 different buyers from the world of broadcast, cable and streaming. This expanded slate of programming is being monetized across platforms and around the globe, resulting in growing content license fees. Just yesterday, we announced a multiyear deal with Amazon to license The Good Wife in Europe, Asia and Latin America, representing a whole new opportunity to take content we launched on All Access here in the U.S. and license it internationally. And the second positive development is that were seeing extremely strong growth in scatter pricing across all day part, up nearly 40% in primetime, daytime and late night. Plus as more and more viewing happens on digital platforms, were just beginning to benefit from better CPMs as a result of more targeted digital advertising. So, whether its launching new direct-to-consumer services, negotiating with distributors, licensing our content around the world or selling into advertises across platforms, we are operating from a position of great strength, thanks to the size of our audience and the demand for our content. It starts with our biggest ticket programming like the AFC Championship Game last month. With 44 million viewers, it was the most watched television event for the year outside of the Super Bowl. We followed that up next weekend with more than 20 million viewers for the Grammys which very importantly drove CBS All Access to its second highest single day for sign-ups since its creation. Only Star Trek: Discovery had more. And at the CBS Television Network, we have more hits than anywhere. We have the number one show on television, Big Bang Theory, the number one new show, Young Sheldon, and the number one news program in 60 Minutes, as well as six of the top 10 and 10 of the top 20 shows overall. When you take into account live and delayed viewing over 35 days and across platform, CBS attracted an average of nearly 11 million viewers each night during the fourth quarter, more than any other network. And we swept fourth quarter in primetime, daytime and late night for the first time in eight years. Just to give you some more perspective on how many viewers are watching our shows on their own time, the series premier of Young Sheldon launched last fall with an impressive 17 million viewers in live plus same day ratings. That audience grew to more than 21 million viewers when you measure viewing over three days, more than 22 million viewers over seven days and more than 26 million viewers over 35 days, making Young Sheldon our most watched comedy since the advent of people meters, more than 30 years ago. Broadcast television viewership is doing just fine, thank you. And going forward, we will get full value for that viewing from advertisers. Whether its CBS, CW, Showtime, All Access, or platforms outside of our Company, were creating more and more contents for the future. As part of those 12 platforms that I mentioned earlier, were now creating three series for Netflix including two new shows called Unbelievable and Insatiable and the second season of American Vandal, which was just renewed. In addition, Apple recently picked up a second season of Carpool Karaoke and TBS renewed Drop the Mic. Both Carpool and Drop the Mic were inspired by the hugely popular segments on the Late Late Show James Corden and now Stephen Colbert is helping us producing shows outside the network as well including the animated satire, called Our Cartoon President, which just had a strong debut on Showtime this weekend. The expansion of our late night franchises is a direct result of the growing popularity on broadcast television. The Late Late Show with James Corden just had its most watched quarter ever and The Late Show with Stephen Colbert has CBSs biggest audience in that time slot in eight years. Just one year ago, Stephen was trailing The Tonight Show by nearly 300,000 viewers. Now, he is ahead by more than 1 million viewers on average each night. As I mentioned, 2017 was also a breakout year for CBS All Access. We doubled our subs year-over-year and we kicked off 2018 with our best month ever in January. Were driving this growth first and foremost with our content. This includes our big events like the NFL and the Grammys, more than 10,000 episodes of current and library programming, and our original series led by Star Trek: Discovery, which was obviously a runaway success. And we continue to reload. Coming up in March we will have the return of The Good Fight, followed by two new exciting series, Strange Angel from same director and producer Ridley Scott and a new mystery thriller called $1. Well also begin production of season two of Star Trek: Discovery in April and were in preproduction on the highly anticipated return of the Twilight Zone. With triple Academy award nominee Jordan Peele as executive producer. Jordan redefined the horror genre with his highly acclaimed movie Get Out and we cant wait to see what he will do with a franchise like Twilight Zone. At the same time, were expanding our content. Were also making All Access easier to purchase than ever before including recent deals that bring the service to some of the most widely available platforms like Amazon Prime and Samsung Smart TVs. The one-two punch of premium content and the direct-to-consumer distribution also led to a huge year at Showtime. Once again, over the top subs are proving to be additive to our overall today. And so in 2017, we surpassed 25 million subscribers for the first time in Showtimes history. As a result, this is Showtimes best year ever in terms of revenue from subscription growth. None of this would have been possible obviously without our murderers row of hit series. Showtime had the number one scripted series in premium cable for three out of four quarters in 2017. In the first quarter was Homeland; in the second, it was Billions; in the fourth, it was Shameless; and in the third it was some show on another network that had a bunch of dragons in it. Our strategy of premiering a new show each month is driving consistent and steady growth, and thats continuing here in the first quarter. Last month, we launched a new hit drama called The Chi, which had our most watched series premier since the debut of Billions two years ago and has gained terrific momentum since. We followed that up with the return of Homeland, Showtimes number one series, which just had an even bigger season premier than last year. And next month, we will have season three of Billions. So, Showtime is off to a terrific start in 2018. Our creative success is also driving our financial success in publishing where Simon & Schuster ended 2017 with 195 best sellers including 30 that reached number one. We had 20 of the top 100 bestselling titles. So, we did disproportionally well where it mattered most. Coming up in 2018, we have several key books from our lineup of bestselling authors including Nelson DeMille, Stephen King and Ruth Ware. In local media with midterm elections coming this fall, 2018 is shaping up to be a great year. In addition, having the Grammys in New York helped our biggest station WCBS set a new revenue record during the first quarter, bringing in more dollars for any award show in history. I also want to point out that we are extremely pleased to welcome Network Ten from Australia into the CBS family. The transition with their superb management team has been seamless. This is a tremendous asset that plays right into our core strength of broadcasting. At the same time, Network Ten provides a number of compelling digital opportunities including the launch of All Access, as I mentioned, and it helps to continue to grow our international portfolio as well. So, across our Company, we are delivering outstanding results today. We are setting ourselves up for growth well into the future. We are using our expertise to invest in the best possible content and to secure the best possible return. We are two years into the five-year strategic plan we laid out to you at our Investor Day in 2016, and we are exceeding our commitment to you. This includes the 2018 that will be another record with the back half that will be even stronger than the first. In just a few short years, we have led CBS through a strategic and operational transformation. We have doubled the number of shows we are producing. We have dramatically increased the number of platforms were selling to. We will soon have five direct-to-consumer services including All Access, Showtime, CBSN, CBS Sports HQ, and Entertainment Tonight; and now, we are gearing up to expand them into the international marketplace. On top of all this, our base business is performing very well with compelling new opportunities in advertising, thanks to more and more data that we have to sell. And we have a growing number of reliable and steady revenue sources including retrans and reverse comp, and domestic and international multiplatform content licensing. So, you can see why we feel extremely confident in our ability to drive earnings for years to come and why we look forward to continuing to update you on our progress. With that, Ill turn the call over to Joe.
Joe Ianniello: Thanks, Les, and good afternoon, everyone. CBS finished 2017 with a great quarter and another solid year. In a changing media landscape, our Company stands out, our base business is strong, and were growing our sub base and getting paid higher rates per subscriber, thanks to the growing demand from consumers for our new distribution platforms. Plus, we are well ahead of where we expected to be in achieving our strategic and financial goals that we laid out for you from our four growth pillars. As a result, we are headed for a terrific 2018. And Im going to quantify what that means for investors at the end of my remarks. But first, let me give you some more details about our fourth quarter results. Revenue was up 11% to $3.9 billion. Content licensing and distribution had a terrific quarter and grew 33% with strength both domestically and internationally. On the domestic side, we got a lift from our distribution deals for NCIS: New Orleans, and Madam Secretary. And internationally, we are benefiting from having more content to license as a result of our increased programming investment. Affiliate and subscription fee revenue was up 20% during the quarter. Retrans and reverse comp led the way and was up 31%. And for both the quarter and the year, we doubled our revenue from skinny bundles and our direct-to-consumer services. Going forward, we expect the incremental revenue increases from these two growth initiatives to be even stronger in 2018. Total Company advertising was down 3% from 2016 when we had record political spending at our local media segment. At the network level, advertising was up 4% from Q4 of 2016, helped by Network Ten in Australia which we acquired midway through the quarter, and we also saw a strong advertising growth on our digital platforms. As Les said, EPS for the fourth quarter was up 8%to $1.20 and on a full year basis, we achieved EPS $4.40, which was up 7% from the prior year. Also during the quarter, we had a few unusual items I want to point out to you. As we told you on our last call, we took two steps to significantly reduce our pension exposure going forward. First, we made a $500 million discretionary contribution to our pension plan to increase the funding status to over 90%, taking full advantage of the tax deduction prior to the new tax laws going into effect; and second, we then transferred 20% of that pension liability to an insurance company, permanently defusing that risk. Also during the quarter, as a result of the new federal corporate tax law, we recorded a onetime charge on our international earnings and we lowered our deferred tax liability to the new corporate tax rate. We will give you some more color on the impact of the corporate tax reform plan in a bit. In addition, we completed the split off of our radio business in November. So, our radio results are included in discontinued operations for only half the quarter. Lastly, we cut cost across the Company during the fourth quarter. And these actions represent annualized savings of more than $50 million, starting in 2018. Now, lets turn to our operating segments. Entertainment revenue for the fourth quarter was up a robust 18% to $2.8 billion with solid growth across the board. Content licensing and distribution was up a strong 38%, driven by domestic sale of NCIS: New Orleans. Affiliate and subscription fee revenue was up 40%, thanks to healthy gains in reverse compensation. And advertising was up 4%, which as I said earlier, included Network Ten. At the CBS Television Network, advertising was even with Q4 of 2016. And for all of 2017, CBS network advertising came in over $4 billion, which is in line with what we said on our last call and consistent with what we achieved in each of the last five years, demonstrating once again the continued strength of network advertising. Entertainment operating income for the quarter was up 25% to $465 million. And the operating income margin expanded by 1 point even as we continued to increase our investment in All Access, CBSN, and CBS All -- CBS Sports HQ, all of which represent new ways to drive earnings in the years ahead. Fourth quarter Cable Networks revenue was up a solid 9% to $547 million. This increase was driven by growth at Showtime OTT which had a terrific quarter as well as the international licensing of our Showtime original series. Our Cable Networks operating income for the fourth quarter came in at $201 million compared with $290 million in Q4 of 2016. This reflects the timing of our release schedule as well as higher level of investment in our programming. Looking at a full year basis, cable operating income grew 4% to $996 million with an operating income margin of 40%. In publishing, fourth quarter revenue was up 12% to $235 million, reflecting higher print book sales. In addition, digital audio continues to grow strongly, driven by younger consumers. We also had a strong slate of bestselling titles in the fourth quarter including Leonardo Da Vinci by Walter Isaacson and Principles by Ray Dalio. Publishing operating income for the quarter was up 22% to $44 million, and the publishing operating income margin grew 2 points to 19%. Turning to local media, revenue for the fourth quarter came in at $450 million compared with $526 million in Q4 of 2016 when we had that record political spending. Non-political revenue was up 7% in the quarter, which is higher than our expectations from our last call, and we saw particular strength in the retail sector during the holiday season. Our local media operating income for the fourth quarter was $137 million compared with $216 million in Q4 of 2016 and our operating income margin was a solid 30%. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet. For the full year 2017, free cash flow came in at $989 million, which includes a significant investment in our owned content -- higher investment in our owned content as well as higher cash taxes compared with $1.26 billion in 2016, when we had the Super Bowl. In addition during the fourth quarter, we issued a total of $900 million worth of senior notes and we used some of those proceeds to refinance 5.75% notes maturing in 2020 at significantly lower interest rates. Now, let me spend a minute discussing the new corporate tax law. We see two major benefits for us. The first is that our book tax rate is going to be lowered to approximately 24%; and the second is that our cash taxes are going to be significantly reduced by hundreds of millions of dollars, as a result of the lower tax rate. This savings will allow us to accelerate investments in our key growth initiatives such as expanding All Access and CBSN internationally, launching CBS Sports HQ and our Entertainment Tonight streaming services, and most importantly, producing more premium content. Plus, in addition to investing in these growth initiatives I just mentioned, we also expect to buy back between 800 and $1 billion of our stock in 2018. Now, let me tell you what we see ahead. During the first quarter, local media revenue is pacing to be up low single digits. And as you heard from our peers, network advertising has been robust in Q1. And our scatter pricing in daytime, primetime and late night is up nearly 40% from the upfront demonstrating broad based health in the marketplace. And for the full year of 2018, as we discussed on our last call, we see four different areas that will drive topline, incremental growth, well in excess of a $100 million each. The first driver is from advertising, which we will benefit from what we expect to be a solid midterm election cycle in the back half of the year. The second is from our direct-to-consumer offerings led by sub growth at CBS All Access and Showtime OTT. The third is from retrans and reverse comp which continues to grow strongly. And the last driver is from international content licensing, fueled by our increased ownership of content. With these key growth drivers and the separation of our advertising based radio business behind us, we now have more confidence and visibility into our future earnings than weve ever had before. And as a result, we can now comfortably say that in 2018, we expect revenue growth in the high single digits and EPS growth in the high teens. And we expect to achieve all of this even as we continue to ramp up our investment in our organic growth initiatives. So, 2018 will be another record year for CBS, and were set up for continued strong growth beyond that as well. And with that, Anne, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Well take our first question from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you. I have one for Les and then a follow-up for Joe. Les, obviously, youve been a big fan, so to speak, of the NFL, over the years. But, Thursday Night Football went another direction this year. How do you think about that process? What do you do with the savings youre going to generate from not retaining that Thursday Night right? And there is certainly some concern in the market that that could impact your retransmission fees. I think your prepared remarks tell us your view on that. And maybe you could just spend a minute on why youre so confident that its not a factor.
Leslie Moonves: Yes. Well, first of all, we love football, we like it better on Sundays than on Thursday. Economically, its considerably better for us to do that. Very frankly, Ben, Sunday affects the retrans and the reverse, Thursday doesnt, since we only had single year availability. So, literally, it didnt have anything to do with that negotiation. As I said, we love it, we know the economics, we carried Thursday night for four year, we have exclusively for two. The reason it didnt affect the retrans, it was not exclusive on Thursday night. So, it didnt help any stations our own or otherwise because you can get it on the NFL network or on Amazon. So, we know the economics really well of doing that. In addition, may I add, our Thursday night wins with our regular programming, we have Big Bang, Young Sheldon, which sort of kill it. So, were looking forward to taking that money and reinvesting it in regular programming and moving on from there. 
Ben Swinburne: Great. And then, Joe, I think if you look at the full year, licensing and distribution was up almost 8%, I think its the highest growth rate since maybe 2013. I think, another concern in the market is the syndication business is sort of dead. Maybe you could just talk about the drivers of licensing and distribution for the year. How did international do, domestic, digital, whats making that business start to grow faster than expected?
Joe Ianniello: Look, as we said, were producing 65 shows when just a few years ago we were producing about half of that. We certainly expect -- our pipeline is growing for shows we have not licensed yet. So, the expectation certainly for us is a healthy marketplace is going bear fruit for us. And so, both domestic and international for us in 2017 had healthy years. Obviously, we sold Madam Secretary as well as NCIS: New Orleans. We have not sold Scorpion yet. So, we have some real beach front properties still yet to come. And our international team sells obviously some CW product as well as All Access product. So, those 65 shows have a lot of value in rest of world. And they need those -- that content for their business model. So, obviously, we made that a growth pillar of international content licensing. Were executing ahead of plan on that. So, we said we were going to have a good year in content licensing and we delivered.
Operator: Well go next to Jessica Reif with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Cohen: Thanks. Two questions, one on OTT. Obviously, 5 million subs is incredibly impressive. What do you think is driver? Is it Amazon-driven? And can you talk about churn? And what are the pros and cons of Amazon distributing for you? Do you lose the direct-to-consumer, do you lose that information? And then on the content -- sorry?
Leslie Moonves: Go ahead, Jessica.
Jessica Reif: Okay. And then, the increase in content has been the biggest driver of value for the Company over the many years since Les has come to CBS. You said you doubled production. Are there any limitations from here on how much more you can scale up without losing quality and focus?
Leslie Moonves: Let me -- Ill answer the second one. First of all, CBS is almost 24 years. So, its been going on a while. And the answer to your question is...
Jessica Reif: I remember when you came.
Leslie Moonves: Right. I know, I was a young man then. The amount of content, the sky is the limit. As more and more people come in to the marketplace, the Netflix, the Amazons, the Hulus, the Apples, were supplying to all of them. We have the capability, we have the producers, we have the executive team. The fact that weve doubled in just a few short years, were ready to go and we get -- thats what excites us, doing more and more premium content.
Joe Ianniello: And Jessica, on your -- the OTT question, obviously, were ahead of plan with the 5 million. So, were very pleased with that. Its broken out almost evenly between the two services. And CBS All Access really just launched on Amazon in January. So, its not a big part of their base yet, its much more significant at Showtime. They are fantastic marketers and show they are able to drive sub growth which is terrific. We see lower churn with those sort of services because the consumers are used to that proposition. So, thats really good. And we do get the data on all of our shows and stuff. So, we feel -- and the economics are obviously favorable. So, its really just a win-win for this new distribution model. But, its really being driven by the consumer.
Operator: Well go next to Michael Morris with Guggenheim Partners.
Michael Morris: Good afternoon, guys. Two questions. First, can you help us size the Network Ten contribution and how to think of it for the coming year? Is it -- is straightforward just kind of doubling the 4% advertising lift in the quarter at entertainment. And assuming that carries forward, are there other revenue streams to think about and is it profitable? And then, second, the investors have been focused on digital platforms ramping up their show production, but lately there has been a lot of press around executives and show running talent moving or making commitments to some of these platforms. And, Les, could you comment on how important these individuals are to your process, whether this is a shift in the competitive dynamic and how that impacts your business? Thanks.
Joe Ianniello: Mike, Ill take the first part. Network Ten, look, we grew 11% in the quarter; without Network Ten, we would have still grown double digits. So, I think its -- all the advertising right now is coming from advertising for Network Ten. So, as we look forward into 18, what I would say, its dilutive to our margin because again obviously, we are investing in there and there is a ramp thats coming in the profitability. So, stay tuned for that. So, again, its not a significant deal, obviously, on a $13.7 billion revenue base, were talking hundreds of millions of dollar in that magnitude. So that will give you some -- that will size it for you. 
Leslie Moonves: Regarding the creators, as I said Ive been this doing this a long time. And previously, there was very little competition. And then it would expand to cable and people would start going to HBO. Look, Ryan Murphy is an extraordinary talent, one of the greatest creators out there. They offered him hundreds of millions of dollars. He had to take it. But then you look a Chuck Lorre. Chuck Lorre has three shows on CBS and he also has a couple of shows over on Netflix. So, we have a lot of talent. There is a lot of room. The landscape does change. But, we find new talent and we also continue to be in business with the best talent. So, Netflix is another competitor and as well as the supplier. So, it doesnt concern me.
Operator: We will go next to Alexia Quadrani with JP Morgan.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you. Just a couple of questions. You mentioned earlier licensing of The Good Fight, I think through Amazon to some global markets. I guess, how do you balance licensing your content like this outside of United States versus maybe your plan to actually moves CBS All Access into those markets directly? And then, my second question is just sort of on the same train of thought, kind of any thoughts of possibly sort of preselling The Twilight Zone internationally and help continue to fund the show.
Leslie Moonves: Let me start and Joe jump in later. Obviously, lets go back to Star Trek, which was as expensive of a production as we have ever done. We were just launching All Access. We got a huge amount of money from Netflix for the international rights, and it made it very viable for All Access and continue to do that. As we look out into the marketplace and as we expand CBS All Access internationally, there is the possibility you would sell it to Netflix or Amazon with carveouts or where CBS has their own over-the-top servers. When you look at Twilight Zone, once again, another huge, huge property with incredible creative auspices there. We havent yet decided on what to do, needless to say, Netflix is calling, Amazon is calling and were getting closer. We will look at it. My guess is we will make a huge international sale, because by the time Twilight Zone goes on the air, we wont be in that many territories but we will leave room open to do it later on. So, on each case, we look at what the marketplace is, whats available, and how were planning. But more and more of it will come to us and less and less we will go to them. But right now, economically, its very good to be selling to Netflix and Amazon.
Operator: We will go next to Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Kraft: I wanted to ask you a question on measurement and ratings. I know, youve made some real progress this year using TCR and measuring out the 35 days. Can you talk about where you think Nielsens ability to measure on all screens is at this point? And do you think TCR is the answer to closing that gap? And lastly, how much upside do you think there is next season to the GRPs youll have available to sell as a result of the expanded measurement currency with TCR and also out of home? Thanks. 
Joe Ianniello: Look, we took a stab at quantifying this for you guys in 2016 in Investor Day with that consumption thats occurring outside our monetization window. So, it started in a live rating and went to a C3 rating and now C7. And as Les just gave you an example from the Young Sheldon case, there is still significant consumption coming outside of that. And so, were reliant on a third-party measurement system. We hear Nielsen is making certainly investments in their technology to capture all of this. But, obviously, were anxious in making sure were able to do that. Because its a lost opportunity. So, the good news is the consumption is there and there is real upside I mean, you can do it by percentages, but its double digit percentages are now kind of watching it on their own time. And thats an opportunity. And we have to make sure weve delivered that for advertisers and we have to measure that and get paid for that, but we are delivering that today. So, thats why we made it a pillar and thats why we reorganized the sales, our sales team and so we are laser focused on that.
Bryan Kraft: If I could just ask one follow-up, and I dont know if you know this off the top of your head. But, what would the ratings look like if all of the consumption were actually being measured right now? I mean, how different would those primetime ratings look?
Joe Ianniello: Yes. Bryan, we actually said that also in our day. We took the top 15 shows now and looked back 15 years, and the ratings are actually up. So, a lot is said with CPMs, you guys look at CPMs and you look at the ratings, we are delivering more than the overnight rating states. Advertisers know that, we know that, everybody knows that. And so, our internal data, we try to -- we published that and we said we didnt want to look at one show. We said, lets look at the top 15 shows and aggregate that audience and compare that. And it made sense, because there are so many different ways to watch it on different time schedules before it was in that one hour window, you either watched it or didnt watch it. Now, its always available to you. So, it shouldnt be that foreign of a concept to say consumption is actually up. You have to have the right content obviously and being to CBS network number one in 14 of last 15 years that certainly gives us a premium advantage.
Operator: Well go next to Doug Creutz with Cowen & Company.
Doug Creutz: Hey, thanks. You talked about how happy you are with how CBS, the news direct-to-consumer product is doing. I wondered if you could talk a little bit about the economics there, how meaningful a contributor can that be in your plans for the new DTC products you are offering? And then, secondarily, just a quick one, on the high teens EPS growth, you mentioned, is that off to fully adjusted for 4.40 number, is that off to continuing up to 4.19 number? Thanks.
Joe Ianniello: Yes. Doug, its Joe. Yes, its off 4.40 number, so just to be clear on that. And on CBSN, look, its contributing, I would put it in the tens of millions right now in terms of profitability, Doug. But were focused on really growing that and we want to take that internationally. We want to make the content offering more robust. Were really building that getting the loyalty to the audience and then what we are seeing is its now available inside of All Access. We want the people to convert up to our paying service in All Access. Thats why were doing it with sports and entertainment news as well, based on the success weve seen with CBSN.
Operator: Well go next to David Miller with Loop Capital.
David Miller: Yes. Hey, guys. Les, couple for you. Thanks for the breakout or actually thanks for the aggregate sub number on the OTT products 5 million subs. Could you just size that up between Showtime and All Access? My guess is that maybe 55% to 60% of that 5 million is All Access. But, if youre willing to provide any granularity that would be great. And then, also, I think -- correct me if Im wrong, I think, 33 out of 100 Senate seats are up for election this year. There has been some news reports out suggesting that political spending this year could actually outpace 2016. Do you agree with that? And any other commentary surrounding that would be helpful.
Leslie Moonves: Number one, the OTT services, they are sort of neck and neck. And its really -- its pretty 50-50 right now, which were really pleased about. And theyve gone their own ways and they offer different things and the fact that they are that both doing exceptionally well is a big boom for us. Look, were anticipating a very big political year. Obviously there is lot of seats that are up, there is a lot of issues on the table, there is lot of ranker in the market place, and we expect that there will be a lot of money spent. So, whether it beats 2016, were optimistic that it will.
Operator: We will go next to Laura Martin with Needham & Company.
Laura Martin: Hi, there, maybe a couple. Strategically, Les, do you see your position in OTT as a complement to your linear channel over OTT, which is sort of how Disney is positioning their new sports service or do you see them as sort of substitute from a consumer point of view, which is how I think of All Access? And then, [indiscernible] and scatter, Im fascinated by the 40% higher rate. And one of the things were seeing in Priceline and Expedia which do $5 billion each year in search engine marketing is they are pulling money out of that Google Search Engine and they are putting it on TV. And Im wondering if you guys already seeing that in your marketplace thats helping the scatter number?
Leslie Moonves: Laura, let me deal with the first. I do view it as complementary. Obviously, the things that are diving our OTT product right now are catch-up on our network shows, on the main network shows. And then, obviously, as we add more and more original content, that becomes a bigger driver. Obviously Star Trek had a great effect as will The Good Fight. When Twilight Zone comes on, its that. But, I think the good news, it also has a lot of the library. So, I do view them as working together as we go forward. More and more people are going to be watching the shows in different ways. And as weve always said, you can get your CBS on a traditional MVPD, you can get it on a skinny bundle or you can get it now on All Access and each one of them pays us more. So, we look at it all working together.
Joe Ianniello: And Laura on your scatter pricing, were seeing broad-based strength. So, were seeing dollars come back from -- if they are circulating in digital. I think there will always be some digital components but were also seeing it tech and telecom, in other areas where were seeing big budgets coming to television advertising. So, thats positive. Maybe tax reform has something to do with that as well. But, were positioned nicely.
Operator: So, we will go next to James Goss with Barrington Research.
James Goss: I would like to dig in a little bit more on the introduction of direct-to-consumer internationally. I was wondering if you could discuss the process and pacing of that and maybe frame out any of the economic expectations and subscriber expectations. And Im also wondering somewhat to what Les was talking earlier, if there is any conflict with your international series syndication sales that makes that a little trickier to pull off? 
Joe Ianniello: Jim, its Joe. Look, were going through the process and just how we did that in the United States. So, thats why were going kind of Canada first, close to us, English language, we know what rights they have and stuff like that. So, weve built the tech stack to really scale that infrastructure. So, were going to be cautious to make sure we learn lessons along the way. We look at where Netflix is and see their sub growth and so we have some envy there. And so thats going to be -- we are going to set our sights there, and those who will be our expectations. Obviously, were spending money to do that. So were pre-revenue right now. But, we think its the best ROI because weve seen the success CBS All Access has, Showtime OTT as well as CBSN domestically. So, we know were on to something. So, were going to be deliberate in the approach. And as far as the conflict, each country, the rights are sold differently. So, obviously, we never violate any of those contracts. But, were going to be strategic in the roll out and how we do this. So, each countrys offering maybe a little differently. But, long-term, the goal is to have a global direct-to-consumer offering with original product in there, live content, library. Its going to be a compelling offering for the consumer.
James Goss: Okay. Thanks. And one other thing, to the extent that you have these other opportunities bubbling up internationally as well as domestically, do you think that take some of the pressure off of always needing the expensive sports programming and award show emphasis and things of that nature that have tended to pressure costs in the past?
Leslie Moonves: We love our sports, we love our Grammy awards, we love being a full service network. You probably should talk to Fox. Theyre going a different way.
Operator: That question will come from Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks. Two questions. Joe, local is pacing up low single digits, I assume that includes political. So, can you talk about maybe the pace excluding political? And then, related to that, are you feeling any impact from the Olympics, so perhaps the pace would be even higher in a more normalized environment? And then, secondly, on the cost cutting side, you talked about $50 million run rate benefit. What segment will that be in and is there anything else to cut or may that $50 million moves higher over time?
Joe Ianniello: Marci, we always look for efficiencies throughout the organization. So, I think weve demonstrated that were pretty cost disciplined. The $50 million is really split amongst the four segments we have, the largest being the entertainment segment. So, I would spread that and again disproportionally on the entertainment segment. As far as local, political in Q1 is very small. As you know, this is all back half, Q3, mostly actually Q4. Over 50% of the dollars are spent in the month of October. So, its not really driving that low single digit growth that we talked about. And obviously, the Olympics take some money out of the marketplace for two weeks in February, but we had a very strong January. And again, we expect to hit our guidance.
Adam Townsend: Great. Thank you, Marci, and thanks, everyone, for joining us. This concludes todays call. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And again, this does conclude todays conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-02 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Adam Townsend - CBS Corp. Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp. Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.
Analysts: Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC John Janedis - Jefferies LLC Vijay Jayant - Evercore-ISI David W. Miller - Loop Capital Markets LLC Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Doug Creutz - Cowen & Co. LLC Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CBS Corporation third quarter 2017 earnings release teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President of Corporate Finance and Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome again to our third quarter 2017 earnings call. Joining us with today's remarks are Leslie Moonves, our Chairman and CEO, and Joe Ianniello, our Chief Operating Officer. Following Les and Joe's discussion of the company's performance, we will open the call up to questions. Please note that during today's conference call, the third quarter and year-to-date 2017 for EPS and net earnings will be discussed on an adjusted basis unless otherwise specified. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found in our earnings release or our website. Please note that statements on this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's SEC filings. A webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can also be found on the Investors section of our website at cbscorporation.com. With that, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Les.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Thank you, Adam, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to tell you that CBS has delivered solid third quarter results. Revenue was up 3% to $3.2 billion and EPS was up 6% to $1.11, marking our 31st consecutive quarter of EPS growth. So we're on our way to completing another strong year with an even better 2018 on the way. As always, the heart of our continued success is our content. The only thing that's changing is the way in which viewers want to consume it. The good news for CBS and its shareholders is that we've been anticipating these changes for a long, long time. And because we see change as opportunity, we've moved early to set up even better success both now and in the years ahead, because as the industry has changed, we've often been there first. We were the first broadcaster to get fair compensation for our content through retrans and reverse comp from our affiliates. We were the first network to launch its own SVOD service. Most recently, we've been a pioneer in skinny bundles as well. No matter how people want to watch us, we've made sure to be there. The implications of this are clear and they make us different than virtually any other company in the media space. Where others worry about cord cutters, we don't. We are ready for them. We welcome that. In fact, where others are losing subs to cord cutters, we are growing. This is significant. When you put together our traditional bundles, skinny bundles, and our over-the-top services, we have more subs today at both CBS and at Showtime than we did a year ago. That's right, our subs are growing, unlike those of most other media companies. Best of all, as consumers cut the cord and switch to skinny bundles or go over-the-top, the economics get better for us. So not only are we growing subs, but we're also growing our rates as well. Let me explain. At CBS, when a consumer switches from a traditional to a skinny bundle, we get double the fees. If they move to CBS All Access, that revenue sometimes tripled from what we get from traditional distributors. At the same time, our base is growing in retrans with each new deal that we do, and that's not to mention the advertising, which is sold at a higher rate on these platforms. This dynamic is also benefiting Showtime, where we are now at 25 million subs across traditional and digital platforms. Here once again, over-the-top is a more profitable business model, with a sub rate that is more than substantially higher than what we get from Showtime's MVPD distributors. So let me say this again, because it is very important. Not only are we not affected as others are by cord cutting, it has real measurable upside for us. This is what sets CBS apart from the pack. As the industry moves ahead to more viewer choice and newer subscription models, there will continue to be a widening gap between the haves and have-nots, and clearly we're on the right side of that divide. Plus, at the same time that we're seeing growth in rates and subs, we're also very pleased with the consistency of our advertising revenue, which is strong and steady year after year. Consider this. In each of the last five years, we've generated a very consistent $4 billion in network advertising, and that doesn't even include the Super Bowl, which is in addition to that total. When 2017 is complete, we expect once again to be just north of that number. So even though advertising is now a smaller part of our revenue, only 40% year to date, our total is still very steady. And as we look ahead, we're beginning to capitalize on new opportunities to grow our advertising in significant ways. These opportunities are developing because as technology advances, our analytics become more sophisticated. Taking a page from our friends in the digital space, we're now moving beyond selling solely based on a viewer's age and increasingly reaching them with strong data on what products and services they want to buy. This is significantly more valuable to our advertisers, and it gives us much more revenue per impression. And we have more impressions to sell all the time, thanks to delayed viewing. Many of our shows are seeing a lift of 3 million, 4 million, and even 5 million additional viewers in the seven days after they first air, and in many cases as much as 50% over the original viewing number. And these extra viewers are increasingly coming to us via digital platforms, where we're getting paid even more. To seize this opportunity, as we told you about during our last call, we recently took a big step forward by combining all of our network and digital sales. We brought in the top executive of domestic sales from Facebook to work with our terrific network sales team. This will fully combine the benefits of targeted high-CPM digital sales with the unparalleled reach of broadcast television. Now virtually every network sale has a digital component and vice-versa. To build on that effort, just yesterday we announced the hiring of Radha Subramanyam, who is one of our industry's leading experts in data analysis. Going forward, Radha will work alongside the incomparable David Poltrack, giving us the best research team in the business. And, we are able to attack this opportunity with the number one watched network in all of media. The CBS Television Network has the top two shows, three of the top five, and six of the top 10, including Young Sheldon, which had a premiere episode that has been the most watched show on all of television so far this season, and which comes back on the air tonight. Along with Young Sheldon, we have two of the three top new series this fall, most notably SEAL Team, which is produced by our CBS Television Studio (sic) [CBS Television Studios] (8:17), and was just picked up for a full season order. Every new owned hit we launch goes into our content value chain that we can monetize for years to come. For example, just a few weeks ago we announced a series of multi-platform syndication deals for Madam Secretary, where we were able to license the show at a higher combined rate than in the old world, where we would have sold the shows to just one buyer. In addition, we are currently in a number of active negotiations for NCIS: New Orleans, so expect an announcement imminently. These are just two of an all-time high 65 shows that our in-house studios are creating for 11 broadcast, cable, and streaming outlets. That's more than double what we produced in-house just five years ago, and it includes all kinds of content, whether it's the mass appeal hits we create for CBS primetime, or the ultra-premium series we do for Showtime or CBS All Access, or the content we create for more niche audiences at The CW and Pop, or our industry-leading first-run syndication programming. We do it all, and we do well. And owning this much content allows us to sell it in more and different ways all the time. We can choose whether to keep a show in-house or license it to an outside partner like we just did with our highly acclaimed new series, American Vandal, which we are producing for Netflix, and which we just picked up for a second season. And also like we did for Carpool Karaoke and Drop the Mic, which we developed with James Corden and recently launched on Apple TV and TBS respectively. Corden, by the way, continues to be a big hit for us across all digital and linear platforms. And of course, Stephen Colbert continues his terrific run as well. Outside of the 2009-2010 season when Conan O'Brien replaced Jay Leno mid-season, we are number one in late night for the first time in 20 years, and we're winning by a large margin. Colbert is also the only late-night talk show that's up in all key demos, including a 25% increase in viewers from last year. Turning to sports, while NFL ratings have been up and down this season, it is still the best game in town. There's no better way for advertisers to reach a mass audience, and it still provides the best promotional platform to us to launch our new shows. It's also been great to see Tony Romo become a true sensation for us in the broadcast booth working alongside the great Jim Nantz. Over at CBS News, we had another very welcome addition to our talent ranks this fall when Oprah Winfrey joined 60 Minutes. Thanks to Oprah and the entire 60 Minutes crew, this show has continued its dominance in its 50th season. In three of the last five weeks, 60 Minutes has been a top-10 show, including one week where it reached number two. Last week we named Jeff Glor as the next anchor of the CBS Evening News. Not only does Jeff have the experience we were looking for, but as an original anchor on our streaming news service, CBSN, he represents the next generation of anchors that will carry CBS News into the digital age. Meanwhile, nearly three years after its launch, CBSN continues to grow at a rapid clip. For the first nine months of the year, streams are up 37% over 2016, which is all the more impressive when you consider that that was a presidential year. Even as we continue to invest in it, CBSN has become profitable for us in a very short time. As we look ahead, we're just beginning to take the next step for this asset by distributing it as a standalone channel in skinny bundles and virtual MVPDs. And we look forward to replicating its success with a new OTT sports service, called CBS Sports HQ, that will launch in the coming months. But the big story for us in over-the-top is our two major services, CBS All Access and Showtime OTT, and our premium content is key to the success of both of them. At All Access, we are benefiting from the one-two punch of a full season of the NFL and the launch of Star Trek: Discovery, and the results have been phenomenal. Star Trek: Discovery in particular has been a game-changer. The U.S. premiere episode led to new records for the most All Access signups in a single week, and in the show's second week we topped that record once again. Internationally, the show has been a huge hit in many key territories. As a result of this terrific performance, we have already renewed Star Trek: Discovery for what we know will be a great second season. In addition, this month on All Access, we'll be launching a new comedy from and featuring Will Ferrell called No Activity. It will premiere right after the season finale of Star Trek: Discovery and also be produced by CBS Studios. Then next year, we'll have the return of The Good Fight along with a new drama from Ridley Scott called Strange Angel, and more on the way. And now another important announcement, today we're pleased to tell you that All Access will be the home of a new version of one of the most iconic television shows of all time, The Twilight Zone. We're sure that we will dramatically boost subscribers once again, and that's not all. With Star Trek and now Twilight Zone, we've just begun to tap the intellectual property we have at our disposal for future series. And once again, all of these new shows for All Access are being produced by our own television studio. So, All Access has grown into a remarkably powerful platform for us, and we're now gearing up to scale the service in a whole new way overseas. We have seen the success the other streaming services have had globally, and we think this is fertile ground for All Access too. So we will begin to expand into the international marketplace, starting with Canada next year, followed by Australia. Australia is a natural extension for All Access thanks to our pending acquisition of Network Ten. In addition to owning one of the big three broadcasters in Australia, this acquisition will also give us control over our content across all forms of distribution in that market. So we will combine the reach of a major television network with an emerging streaming service playing right into our expertise. Sound familiar? The combination of traditional and new is also key to our success at Showtime, which continues to have some of the best original series on television. As we mentioned at the top, sub and rate growth at Showtime has been a great story for us, and it's all driven by our premium content. Following the success of Twin Peaks in the second quarter, we brought back Ray Donovan in the third, when of course we also had the Floyd Mayweather-Conor McGregor fight. Thanks to this event, by the way, we've now had the three highest grossing pay-per-view events in history with Mayweather's fights against McGregor, Manny Pacquiao, and Canelo Alvarez. Up ahead, we'll have a new season of our murderer's row of hit series, including this weekend's return of Shameless, Showtime's number one comedy, followed by two of our biggest hits, Homeland and Billions, in January. Along with Showtime, publishing also had a terrific quarter, driven by a strong slate of titles from well-known authors across several genres. In fact, during the last full week of the quarter, we had the number one titles across eight different New York Times best-seller categories. These include: the number one in hardcover fiction, The Cuban Affair, by Nelson DeMille; the number one in hardcover nonfiction, What Happened, by Hillary Clinton; and the number one how-to book by Tom Brady, The TB12 Method. Turning to local media, our TV stations also performed well for us during the quarter, with total non-political revenue up mid-single digits. Our stations continue to benefit from the strength of our primetime schedule and live event programming, including the Emmys, which set a sales record for us during the quarter. Local media becomes obviously really important when covering crucial breaking news in all of our communities. In that regard, I'm particularly proud of the programming and information we provided during the hurricanes in Texas and Florida, where we own stations, and the $10 million our entire station group raised for hurricane relief. So yes, we are in a time of great change across our industry. But at CBS, as you have seen, we have been anticipating these changes for years, and we have been actively innovating and investing in our businesses to stay ahead of them. And what distinguishes CBS is how time and time again, we've turned change into new growth opportunities. First, it bears repeating that you should not think of us the same way as you think of other media companies. Thanks to the combination of traditional bundles, skinny bundles, and OTT, our subs are growing at both CBS and Showtime, so cord-cutting is an opportunity here at CBS. And in advertising, advances in digital will make our number one content that much more valuable. If people want to watch our programming live or a month after it airs, we're on a path to monetizing all viewing in increasingly lucrative ways. And in terms of licensing our content, whether we sell our programming to the leading SVOD services or to linear cable and broadcast networks, we're constantly expanding the capabilities of our prolific CBS Studios, both domestically and around the globe. All of these opportunities will drive our success into the future, and we look forward to updating you along the way. And with that I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Thanks, Les, and good afternoon, everyone. At CBS, our philosophy has always been that change brings opportunity, so we have a strategy in place to take advantage of all the changes underway in media. As Les said, consumers have more choices than ever before in how they watch content. And we have positioned our company to give them the content they want in any way they want it, meaning in traditional big bundles, smaller skinny bundles, or direct-to-consumer. And as more consumers shift from traditional distribution to newer platforms, we are growing our subscribers with a business model that is much more favorable to us. So our key growth pillars that we laid out for you previously appear to be bigger than we expected. And as we continue to execute on our strategy, we are consistently validating that we have the right plan in place for long-term future success. Now, let me give you some more details about our third quarter results. Revenue for the quarter was up 3% to $3.2 billion. Affiliate and subscription fees were up 52%, aided by the Mayweather-McGregor pay-per-view event. In addition to the sub gains and strong rate increases from our over-the-top and skinny bundles that you heard about, retrans and reverse comp continue to be a terrific story and were up 27% in Q3. We have now made nearly as much in retrans and reverse comp for the first nine months of this year as we did all of last year, and we still have a quarter to go. Content licensing and distribution came in at $860 million for the third quarter. And as you know, licensing revenue varies from quarter to quarter due to the timing of content availabilities. And if you look at content and licensing on a year-to-date basis, revenue came in at $2.8 billion, which is comparable to what we did in 2016. As Les said, we recently did a multi-platform deal for Madam Secretary, and you will see the contribution from that in our Q4 results. Advertising for the quarter was down from last year when we had record political spending and we also had one last Thursday Night Football game this year in the quarter as well. Underlying network advertising was down 2% in Q3, and on a year-to-date basis it was down 1%. As Les said, for all of 2017, we expect network advertising to be steady and consistent with prior years, even though it's becoming a smaller percentage of our overall business. In addition, third quarter operating income of $707 million came in for the third quarter, and our operating income margin was 22%. Also for the quarter, EPS was up 6% to $1.11. On a year-to-date basis, we delivered revenue and EPS growth as well. Despite comping against the Super Bowl and record political spending, revenue for the first nine months of the year was actually up 1% to $9.8 billion, and EPS was up 7% to $3.21. What's important to know here is that we continue to grow our EPS, even as we are increasing our investment in our content and distribution platforms. Now let's turn to our operating segments. Entertainment revenue for the third quarter came in at $1.82 billion compared with $1.95 billion in 2016. Affiliate and subscription fee revenue grew strongly across the board and was up 35%, driven by gains in reverse comp, All Access, and skinny bundles. Entertainment operating income for the third quarter came in at $345 million compared with $348 million last year. And our Entertainment operating income margin expanded 100 basis points, thanks to the mix of our higher-margin affiliate and subscription fee revenues in 2017. Third quarter Cable Networks revenue of $840 million was up 40%, driven by the pay-per-view boxing event. Excluding that event, affiliate revenue was up a strong 6% at Showtime, and our Cable Networks operating income grew 3% to $294 million. Turning to Publishing, revenue of $228 million was up 1%, driven by print book sales and digital audio sales, which grew 37% in the quarter. In addition to the titles that Leslie mentioned, It by Stephen King was a strong performer, thanks to the recent release of the movie. Simon & Schuster benefits from books made into movies or television series. We saw this in the third quarter from releases of The Glass Castle and American Assassin, which was produced by CBS Films. So like our other operating segments, great content drives our results at Publishing too. Publishing operating income for the quarter grew 5% to $46 million, and the Publishing operating income margin expanded 1 point to 20%. Third quarter Local Media revenue came in at $397 million compared with $409 million last year, when we had presidential election spending. Non-political revenue was up 6% for the quarter, led by healthy gains in retrans. And entertainment and financial services were two top advertising categories for the quarter. Local Media operating income for the third quarter was $105 million compared with $122 million last year when we had strong political spending. Now let me give you a quick update on our Radio transaction. We launched an exchange offer to split up our Radio business as part of our agreement to merge it with Entercom. We now have clearance from the DOJ for the merger, and we expect to close the transaction in about two weeks. The separation of Radio will further diversify our business and center our company even more around premium video content. And as a result of this exchange offer, we expect to retire about another $1 billion of our stock. This is in addition to the more than $1 billion we've repurchased year to date, including $250 million we used to buy back 3.9 million shares during the third quarter. We expect to end the year with $3 billion remaining on our authorized repurchase program, representing about 14% of our current market cap. Going forward, we plan to repurchase about $800 million to $1 billion of our stock in 2018, which is consistent with the pace of our most recent quarter. But as always, reinvesting in our content and distribution platforms remains our number one priority. Turning to cash flow and our balance sheet, free cash flow for the first nine months of 2017 came in at $823 million compared with $1 billion for the first nine months of 2016, when we had the Super Bowl. This year's cash flow also included a $100 million discretionary payment to prefund our pension plan. Here in the fourth quarter, we plan to take two additional actions related to our pension plan. These initiatives are purely opportunistic and will serve as a means to reduce pension-related costs going forward. First, we plan to contribute about $500 million to the pension plan to increase the funding status to over 90%. This contribution is tax-deductible and will be funded with corporate borrowings. Second, we have entered into an agreement to permanently transfer over $800 million of our pension liability to an insurance company. By taking these two steps now, we are able to capitalize on attractive interest rates, while benefiting from lower insurance premiums. This is an effective way to reduce future costs and will be accretive in 2018. Now let me tell you what's going on in Q4. For the fourth quarter in Local Media, total non-political revenue is pacing to be up mid-single digits, which is consistent with Q3. At the network, scatter pricing is up double digits against upfront pricing. C7 is now the standard currency, and we are starting to sell beyond seven days as well. In addition, we are monetizing the growing audience of our emerging digital platforms like CBS All Access, CBSN, cbs.com and our new OTT channel, CBS Sports HQ. All of this gives us more targeted and valuable impressions, so we feel very good about our ability to monetize more delayed viewing and viewing on digital platforms. And looking ahead to 2018, we have four significant drivers that are poised to grow in excess of $100 million each over the next year. First, in advertising for 2018, our Local Media segment will benefit from midterm elections. And at the network, we will continue to monetize impressions beyond seven-day viewing as well as through digital extensions like CBS All Access, CBSN, and CBS Sports HQ. Second, retrans and reverse comp, we will reprice about 20% of our traditional MVPD base and about 10% of our TV station affiliate base. So this revenue source will continue with steady, strong increases. Third, in over-the-top and skinny bundles for 2018, All Access and Showtime OTT are poised for continued strong subscriber growth, and we are seeing great traction in skinny bundles as well. Lastly, in international content sales for 2018, as you heard, our studios are producing 65 shows, which is more than double what we did five years ago. In addition, we continue to expand our Showtime brand overseas, and we are gearing up to launch All Access internationally as well. So in summary, as we said at the top, we continue to grow our business by embracing the changes underway in our industry and turning them into opportunities. As a result, our subs at CBS and Showtime are both up, and the growth is being driven by skinny bundles and our OTT services, which have better economics for us. Add to that the four $100 million-plus revenue drivers that we just highlighted, and you can see why we're so confident about our ability to grow in 2018 and beyond. And with that, Don, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our first question from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. Les, I have two questions for you, one around the NFL, and the other around how you're thinking about programming All Access versus the network. There's obviously a lot of focus on NFL ratings and product and the ad units and dilution of games, and you're very close to the league. And you have your Thursday Night Football deal up at the end of this season. I'm just wondering if you could help us understand the kind of things the league or CBS is thinking about to make the product better, to make it more palatable for advertisers, whether it's shorter spots, et cetera, whether you think the Thursday night package should continue. Anything you could help us to understand why you remain presumably very bullish on the NFL, and what you think the league might be able to do to address some of the controversies around it.? And then on the programming side, I'm just curious. How do you figure out what to put on the network versus on All Access? Obviously, All Access has great economics, but you also have some pretty big retrans deals with some pretty big distributors coming up that I'm sure want the best stuff on CBS the network, so just a little peek into your thinking on how you just make those decisions.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Sure. Sure. Thanks, Ben. Look, the NFL, obviously there's been a lot going on. The ratings are down a bit this year. There's been a lot of talk on it. Obviously, there were political issues that came up about kneeling during the anthem, and it became very controversial. Look, the product, as I said before, is still the best thing on television. The ratings are still extraordinarily high. I think all the networks are very happy they have the product. And you see when you compare it to other things, live events are still working phenomenally well. Yes, there's a lot of experimentation going on with these shorter ad spots. There's been experimentation with  this year there are four pods per half versus five, which are slightly longer. So there are all sorts of things that are being tried. In addition with the challenges that the coaches have, they are being shortened and the game is trying to be expedited. There's a lot of product there, there's no question about it. I think everybody is looking at everything. We've had Thursday Night Football for the last four years. There are a lot of real values to it in terms of being a promotional vehicle and having those five Thursday night numbers are still very, very strong for us. I think everybody is going to take another look at what's going on as we proceed forward. But once again, we're still happy we have the NFL. It's still a great product. Regarding programming, it's a very interesting question, and it came up when we started talking about Star Trek. Every division at this company wanted Star Trek. Showtime wanted it, the network wanted it. If you remember, earlier versions of Star Trek were even syndicated from station to station. We felt as we were doing are planning for All Access, we said we need something extraordinary, we need something that people really feel is worth paying for outside the norm. And we said that's the perfect place for it. It's a very expensive program, as you know. Fortunately, Netflix covers a lot of the cost by the international rights. So the kinds of programming that's on All Access will probably somewhat will be more premium, let's say, than it would be on CBS. We are spending more on the product. We don't need as mass an audience as we may do on CBS, but it needs to be more specialized. It needs to stand out quite a bit. As I said earlier, I am blessed since I'm a content guy with having Showtime and All Access and CBS and The CW. We do all sorts of all different kinds of programming, and we have different development units at each division. And in certain cases, like Star Trek, there's a jump ball, and I will generally make that decision. And for this one, we felt we were launching a very important new product, and the good news is the bet is paying off.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And, Les, just on the NFL, are you seeing any advertiser hesitation? There was this whole Papa John's commentary this week. I'm just curious if you're seeing anything impact the ad sales side of the equation.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: No. I don't know of one sponsor that has pulled out of any spot that they had. I don't think it's affecting advertising or their desire one iota.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, thank you.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Thanks, Ben.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thanks, Ben. Don, let's take the next question please
Operator: We'll go next to Jessica Reif with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. I have two topics, maybe a multi-part question. But on the over-the-top, a couple of things. On All Access economics, can you give us any color on the contribution to profitability and what the sub composition looks like, meaning how many subs pay the $6 versus the $10 advertising-free? And is there any difference between the two offerings in terms of contribution? And on the coming sports OTT product, how do you think about the addressable market and the price point, the potential price points?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Jessica, I'll start with the OTT piece. Just on the take rate between the ad, the $6 product and the $10 product, we're seeing about 20% of our subscribers take the ad-free product. And so from a contribution margin, we're really indifferent, and that's why we priced it that way because we're basically making essentially $4 of advertising. So we're indifferent. But let me be clear is that we're not managing All Access for margin. We are growing and we're making investments and putting more and more series on it because, again, the long-term ROI is very, very, very attractive, meaning, as Les just said, we just announced again The Twilight Zone coming. So we have a slate, if you will, of original series that, by the way, sometime in the future we might choose to monetize again. So obviously, that will have a lot of margin to it because the costs will be sunk. So our litmus test is, is the product that we're putting on growing subs? And as long as it continues to grow subs, we're going to feed it. On your sports question, this is going to be a free ad-supported service like CBSN. So basically, what we see is an appetite of demand for consumers that want news and highlights of sports where we see a void in the marketplace, and they want it on their terms, on their time. And so we're going to give that to them. And again, we think it's attractive, but we think the demographic is very attractive for advertising. And we will tuck it in as part of All Access as well to bolster that offering in addition to CBSN, which will also be part of All Access.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. And the second topic was just on the traditional business. On the ratings system, there's still such a major lag. But, Les, you were talking about the big lift you get on C7. And so there's still such a major lag and a discrepancy in ratings versus what everyone thinks the viewing is. Do you expect the ratings system  or how will you guys in the industry address this over time?
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: It's a very good question, and there is a long lag, and frankly we're not getting in all the numbers, and you often have to wait literally three or four weeks before you see the results. So anybody who's basing anything on overnight ratings is either 20 years behind or crazy. So putting the different pieces together and how we're selling it and how we're measuring it is changing so rapidly that we have to look at new systems. Obviously, Nielsen is still a very big player and an important player and they're adding more and more services, but there are other players getting into the marketplace. And measurement and our dealings with advertising agencies become much more complex than ever before. As you know, only a few years ago we began C3. Now it's C7. Now we're selling some up to C35. There are all sorts of numbers that are coming in from DVR playing, from VOD, et cetera, et cetera. So it's very complicated. I don't quite understand it. I don't get the same thrill as I used to when I put ER on the air and I saw a 40 share in the overnight ratings. Now I have to wait a month to get my thrill. So it's a very different ball game and it's rapidly changing. So it's a very valid question.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Thank you, Jessica, next question, please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you. On CBS All Access, on your decision on programming, you have The Good Fight in terms of exclusive programming, Star Trek, now Twilight Zone. I guess how much are you trying to broaden your audience in terms of demographics? And perhaps any color you can share in terms of what the typical demo looks like, how much overlap you have in subscribers with your linear viewers. And then a second question, staying on CBS All Access, I think you mentioned that you're on the path to monetizing all viewing. I guess any color you can provide on really what has to happen before we can really see a notable uptick in the advertising opportunity on the digital platform.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Let me talk about the demographic. Obviously, as I said before, in terms of the programming, we're looking to distinguish it from CBS, from regular CBS. Obviously, the demographic, what we've noticed, it's approximately 20 years younger than our average viewer. So we are getting a younger demographic, which is really good. As I said, it doesn't have to be as broad. It can be much more niche. We started out with Good Fight, which obviously brought a great deal of the female component over from CBS because it was a very female-skewing show. Star Trek is more male than female and also, as you would expect, a younger demographic as well. Star Trek will continue to expand it. We're looking. The good news about All Access, we don't care whether you're 8 or you're 80. We're bringing in people from all over the place. And different people are watching for different reasons, some to get old library product, some to get catch-up on our current series, and obviously a lot of people that are looking to see the new product. So it's very interesting, it's very exciting, and we're going to be adding new content all the time.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: And, Alexia, for monetizing it, obviously we are monetizing it. But as we reach more scale, you'll see that number obviously move heavily. Again, as Les said, as the demographics are younger, we're getting away from selling demographics and selling behavior. We know if you're in the market for a car or pet food, and so the return on investment for advertisers is much higher. So with that said, we still have to get millions more into CBS All Access. It's why we're making that investment to grow that. But we do see the opportunity there, but that's not  let me be clear  that's not in the Nielsen rating. And so that's where you're going to see the advertising really distinguish itself because again we are selling that on different metrics.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thanks, Alexia, next question, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Morris with Guggenheim Securities.
Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thank you. Good afternoon, guys, a couple questions on content. Joe, I appreciate the context of looking at the nine months instead of the three months with respect to the content revenue this quarter. I'm wondering if you can give us a little more detail on the categories that saw a timing shift between the first half of the year and the third quarter. We don't have too much insight into digital versus traditional syndication, domestic, international, et cetera. So maybe help us understand that. And outside of the big items like Madam Secretary and NCIS: New Orleans, which we know about, is there anything else that maybe is a fourth quarter item that last year would have been in the third quarter? And then along the same lines, you mentioned the 65 shows. You guys mentioned that a couple times, and I think that that's an even bigger number in terms of the number of shows produced than we discussed last quarter. How should we think about the pipeline, the backlog for syndication sales going forward in the context of that number? Thanks.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Yeah, Mike, it's Joe. So look, on the categories, look, in Q3 of last year we had two sales. We had a Penny Dreadful sale and a renewal of our library with Netflix. And so that occurred last year in the third quarter. That's why, again, we always say over a longer period of time you take out the lumpiness of that. Obviously, we're looking at a strong fourth quarter in content sales, because, again, Madam Secretary is done. And Les alluded to active negotiations for NCIS: New Orleans. Look, we look at it, and on platforms, really SVOD and cable still need the content. They still need that for ratings, for certainly basic cable. We sell them all through the broadcast television. So the marketplace is there domestically, but international continues to be the best growth story that we have. Again, as we're doing that, we just sold Dynasty, which is going to be a CW show. And we're able to license product to Netflix in this case, or Amazon again. So we're able to do global deals much more effectively in today's marketplace because of the global nature of some of these SVOD services. That said, is there are a lot of local SVOD players that are very competitive, and so we just want to make sure that that dynamic in the marketplace continues. As far as the 65 shows goes, just to give you some context, that's up 14% just from quarter over quarter. We're doing 14% more hours, so that's an investment choice we're making, because, again, because we see the returns. So as we keep pushing this snowball downhill, as we said, we have more than 600 episodes domestically that we haven't sold, and every day that goes by it's more and more. And by the way, all this also feeds All Access as well. So you can see where you get the trifecta benefit from producing great content.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Yeah. And let me just add on to that. The 65 comes from  we started out, number one, Showtime, CBS, obviously producing more content for ourselves. Then you add in The CW, where either Warner or we are producing or co-producing together. Then you add in All Access, which is obviously only produced shows. And then suddenly, as you heard us mention, we're selling to 11 different services. With the aftermarket being as strong as it is in terms of both domestic and international syndication, the idea of selling to all sorts of different people has become very, very lucrative, which is why virtually every time we invest in a new show, we already know it's going to be profitable from day one. So when we sell a show to Turner or we sell a show to Netflix or we sell a show to anywhere, to Apple, we already know these are going to be in profit before day one of production. And that means that we're going to continue to increase that 65 number to a lot more.
Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Great. Thank you, guys.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Thanks, Mike.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thanks, Mike, next question.
Operator: Thank you, our next question from John Janedis with Jefferies.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Thank you. Les, maybe a bit of a follow up. But given your positioning for the network in the skinny bundles and VMVPDs, can you talk about maybe to what kind of traction or growth you're seeing in the marketplace, understanding it's early? And longer term, there's been some concern in the market that the premium economics you're seeing will be ruined (47:20) upon renewal as distributors reach scale. So wanted to ask if you see this as a real risk looking out a couple of years.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: The skinny bundles, it is way too early to judge on the success or not success of what they're doing. I think the concept of skinny bundles is a smart one. It's based on the idea that people really want to pay for what they're watching and that they're paying the huge amount of money for 12 to 15 channels that they watch and they're getting 180 channels. So I think they are absolutely viable. Will they all succeed? I don't know. By the way, the technology on them, they're pretty cool devices to use. And they make it easy to watch the content and watch what you want to see. I don't think, as I said to you, the success or failure of various skinny bundles, once again, doesn't matter to us. Because when people cut their cord, they're not going nowhere. They're going somewhere. So they either go, they're on a traditional bundle or one or two of the skinny bundles or All Access. So if people are going to  we don't view people as trying to squeeze us for price, because we're going to be must-have television. Every deal that we make, we are convinced that bundles will not work without CBS on them. You've seen us make a few deals in the last few months, and I think it's proven that you can't have a complete bundle without CBS.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Okay, maybe quick one for Joe as a follow-up on All Access. Joe, as you roll out into the new markets, can you talk about the incremental cost to enter the new markets? Are you able to leverage maybe your existing presence of the syndicated programming to help market the offerings?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Yes. John, sure we are. Look, obviously as we expand internationally, there's a fixed cost base that as it scales, we're going to get more and more benefits of that. But clearly, we're making an investment in people and systems and infrastructure to do that. But we're also  again, we're going to use content that we have in our library to help that. We're going to use our News product, we're going to use our Sports product. Wherever we can bolster the offering, we're going to do that. And so there's clearly an investment we're making, but clearly we can leverage the fixed cost base over multiple countries as we expand.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Thanks a lot.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thanks, John. Don, next question please.
Operator: We'll go now to Vijay Jayant with Evercore.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore-ISI: Thanks. Just following up, Joe, on your comments about those four drivers into 2018 in excess of $100 million, it does seem to be all pretty good margin increments, so it implies that you're suggesting operating income could grow mid-teens just based on that. I just want to confirm if that's the sort of triangulation we can come to. And second, obviously tax reform is now taking on new life. I just wanted to understand. Given your revenue that is disproportionately domestic, even though the mix is probably shifting more international as you grow, can you help us understand if the current form becomes real, what kind of free cash flow conversion benefits can we see?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Look, Vijay, look we don't give guidance, so that's why we pointed out these opportunities. So clearly, they are high margin opportunities. But again, we are investing and growing and expanding our content in the pipeline. So we're not going to get into predicting what the OI margin is going to grow by in 2018. But clearly, that's why we wanted to highlight these things that are very significant to our top line. So we'll manage that. We're managing the company to growing the top line and stuff. And so if we wanted to manage for margin, clearly, as Les said, we could have sold Star Trek to Netflix and we could have increased our margin in 2017, but we're looking at this as a long-term investment. Second, on tax reform, most of our income is domestic, so we're not anticipating a whole lot of change, certainly in our book tax rate. Obviously, it's a little higher, so that would go down a little bit. But then we've got to factor in what happens with state deductions or not. So we're going to monitor this closely. We don't think it's again going to be a huge driver one way or the other for our cash flow or our GAAP earnings. But we'll stay close to this to make sure we're maximizing our after-tax cash flow whatever the rules are.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore-ISI: Thanks so much.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thanks, Vijay. Don, next question.
Operator: We'll take our next question from David Miller with Loop Capital Markets.
David W. Miller - Loop Capital Markets LLC: Yes, hey. I have two questions for Joe. Joe, just with the action in media stocks today top of mind with most investors, could you just reiterate your retrans guidance? I believe it's $2.5 billion in retrans and reverse comp fees by 2020. I just want to make sure I have that correct because I just think it bears  it's worth accentuating that bogey just in light of what happened today. And then also for you, Joe, is there any reason to suspect that the deadline on the radio exchange might be extended beyond the November 16, or do you feel pretty good about that November 16 deadline? Thanks a lot.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: David, I appreciate you pointing that out, first of all. It's a flaw in my remarks. I should have said it at the top and the bottom that $2.5 billion by 2020, as you said, and we're crossing the halfway point this year, and you saw it. Year to date, retrans and reverse comp is up 27%.
David W. Miller - Loop Capital Markets LLC: Yes.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: And so to continue to do that, I reiterate that on our call, so we feel very good about that. And again, I just want to say why. Why do we feel good about that? Because the ratings, the audience that CBS is delivering, is five times the amount of retrans and reverse comp fees we are receiving. So we are way, way, way, over-indexing on what we deliver. So until that's a one-to-one ratio, I will not rest. So that's the first point. The second point on the deadline, look, it's a little bit out of our control because there are obviously all the customary approvals we have to go through, but we fully expect to be closing this transaction in about two weeks. I don't want to predict the exact day, but certainly we feel good about it. We think the offer to CBS shareholders is fair. We priced it to complete it, and that's what we fully expect to happen in a couple of weeks.
David W. Miller - Loop Capital Markets LLC: Okay, wonderful. Thank you.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thank you, David, next question, please
Operator: We'll go next to Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets.
Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good afternoon, everyone. Les, can you talk a little bit about your mid to long-term view on programming costs? We spent a lot of time talking about how many more owned shows you have in feeding the syndication pipeline, but it would also seem that that gives you a much higher degree of control, or at least visibility into programming costs, which would seem like a relative advantage in an industry where inflation continues to be the norm, as players like Netflix and Amazon keep pushing into original programming. So I recognize that's not the only thing, but I would love to hear your view on the mid to long term for that.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Look, Netflix and Amazon are throwing a lot of money at a lot of product out there, and there's no question it makes the marketplace more competitive. Having said that, once again, we have been fairly diligent in that we know how to produce shows for the maximum value. Obviously, each platform has a different price point. Shows at Showtime and All Access generally cost more than shows at CBS, and shows at The CW cost somewhat less than CBS shows as well. But by the same token, we take that into account. We know what our international output deals are. We know what our domestic syndication probably is. We also once again can regulate what the back-end participation is for our producers here, and there's a real upside for them for coming here versus Netflix or Amazon, where oftentimes they will be giving their rights away. But every show that we do, we do ultimate. So if we are spending more like on a Star Trek, we know, A), what Netflix is going to pay for the international rights. We also know what it's going to mean to CBS All Access. Before we green-light a show on the CBS Television Network, we have an absolute based on, as I said, international output deals or international deals in general as well as the domestic potential. So as costs may go up somewhat: A), we're able to control them better; and B), we know we're going to be profitable on every single one of the shows. So the outlook for us is good, and that's why we will invest in more programming, and that 65 number very well could turn into 80 within a couple years.
Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great, thank you.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Great, thanks, Dan. Don, next question.
Operator: We'll go next to Doug Creutz with Cowen & Company.
Doug Creutz - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hey, thank you. I know it's still a bit early, but we are halfway through the NFL season. I was just curious how your experience with the viewership on CBS All Access may or may not impact how you view the importance of having the digital rights to the NFL in addition to the linear rights. Thanks.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: There's no question. The NFL, as we may have told you, you may remember, we only had the last two weeks last year of the NFL season. So having it this year certainly helped the subscribers. Probably helped more by Star Trek, but having those two things both go on in September-October has certainly launched a number of subscribers. As you know, we're not giving the numbers, but it definitely has helped. And every Sunday, we do see a spike in the number of signups. So I think it's really important. As we look down to the next big contract in 2022, obviously digital rights will be an important part of it. We expect that some of the larger players will be involved. But who knows, we may get all the digital rights ourselves at the same time.
Doug Creutz - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great, thank you.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Great. Thanks, Doug. And, Don, let's take one final question please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our final question from Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, good afternoon. I had a few quick ones. First, Joe, you mentioned the pension change and it would be accretive in 2018. I want to see if you could just clarify what you mean by that. Are you just talking about a reduction in operating expenses, and can you put any numbers around that to help us quantify it? Secondly, I wanted to ask if you could provide some color on what you're seeing in the scatter market as far as pricing, demand, any comments on category strength and weakness. And then lastly, it was reported recently in the press that you're exploring a sale of Television City Studios. I'm just wondering if that's accurate, and if so, how you're thinking about that opportunity and when you might make a decision on it. Thank you.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: I'll take the last question first. TV City was formed in the 1950s. It was a production facility. It's on very valuable real estate. We're in the very preliminary stages. We have received an offer from one of the people in the neighborhood, and so we hired somebody to explore the possibility. As I said, it's very expensive real estate. It may be money that can be used better elsewhere. But it's at the very preliminary stages. I'll turn the rest to Joe.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: And, Bryan, on scatter price, scatter pricing is up double digits over upfront and up double digits over scatter last year. So the demand is very strong, and it's across a broad array of categories. So we're feeling very good about the advertising climate. And so we're monetizing the ratings points or the consumption, we should say, of all the ways consumers now watch the content. So that's our focus. In terms of the pension, look, it's slightly accretive because obviously there's interest cost on the borrowings offset by the premium savings on the insurance premiums. And so net-net, given where the interest rates are and the costs of what we're paying for underfunding just made no sense. So it's not going to move the needle a whole lot. It's just accretive and is why we did it now. And so it was opportunistic. We looked at it, it's a no-brainer. It reduces risk and volatility going forward, and it's at a lower cost. So it seemed like a no-brainer.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And that will be funded in 2018 you said, Joe?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: No, it's going to be funded in Q4. It will be funded in Q4. And then that liability, that over $800 million, will be transferred to an insurance company, thus off of our books by the end of the year.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Great. Thanks, Bryan, and thank you, everyone, for joining us tonight. Have a great evening.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-07 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Adam Townsend - CBS Corp. Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp. Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.
Analysts: Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC John Janedis - Jefferies LLC Vijay Jayant - Evercore Group LLC David W. Miller - Loop Capital Markets LLC Laura Martin - Needham & Co. LLC Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CBS Corporation second quarter 2017 earnings release teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Executive Vice President of Corporate Finance and Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome again to our second quarter 2017 earnings call. Joining us with today's remarks are Leslie Moonves, our Chairman and CEO; and Joe Ianniello, our Chief Operating Officer. Following Les and Joe's discussion of the company's performance, we will open the call up to questions. Please note that during today's conference call, the second quarter and year-to-date 2017 earnings per share will be discussed on an adjusted basis unless otherwise specified. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found in our earnings release or on our website. Please note that statements in this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's SEC filings. A webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can be found on the Investors section of our website at cbscorporation.com. And with that, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Les.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Thank you very much, Adam, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm extremely pleased to tell you today about another great quarter for the CBS Corporation. As you can see from our results, we continue to have more and more success as the landscape continues to change. Revenue was up 9% to $3.3 billion, with top line growth in every one of our four business segments. And EPS was up 12% to $1.04, representing our 30th consecutive quarter of EPS growth. Both of these totals were second quarter records for us. Clearly, our company keeps performing in the way that you've come to expect. Our base advertising business is strong and growing, and at the same time, we're laying new groundwork to ensure even more growth ahead. To do this, we are not only capitalizing on the changes in our industry, but we are shaping the direction of these changes as well. In that regard, I have some important announcements to make right here at the top. Each of them shows how we're continually positioning CBS for the future while also building on the great results we're delivering to you today. First, regarding our OTT services, we can now say that CBS All Access and Showtime OTT are set to exceed 4 million subscribers combined before the end of 2017. We're only in year two of our five-year plan, and already we're more than halfway to our goal of 8 million subs by 2020, which is obviously quite conservative now. These services are just starting to hit their stride with much more and bigger programming to come, so being this far along so early in the game is a terrific development. Next, I'm also pleased to announce today that we will be expanding CBS All Access into the international marketplace starting in the first half of 2018. We will launch initially in Canada and then follow that up with additional countries on multiple continents shortly thereafter. Over time, we will add content from across our corporation to make our service more and more attractive. We are very aware of the international success that other streaming companies have had. We now see a huge opportunity for CBS to go direct to consumer on a much bigger scale worldwide. Also, over at Showtime, today we're announcing that our highly anticipated pay-per-view matchup between Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor will be available directly to consumers over-the-top. This is the first time we've made a boxing or pay-per-view event available in this way, and it means that even if you're not yet a Showtime subscriber, you'll be able to purchase the fight directly from Showtime's app or website. Anyone who does will get a free trial to Showtime OTT, which will drive new subs for us as well. And also in the over-the-top arena, CBSN, our digital news service, has been a terrific growth engine for us with streams up 38% in the second quarter. We're now broadening its reach by making it available on CBS All Access, and for the first time as a stand-alone channel in skinny bundles as well. Also, taking the experience we gained developing CBSN, we're now in the early stages of replicating its success in the world of sports. Later this year, we will roll out a 24/7 live streaming channel like CBSN for sports as part of our ongoing OTT strategy. It does not yet have a name. We think sports fans are looking for something like this, and that opportunity is significant. So from All Access and Showtime to CBSN and CBS Sports streaming service, we're building extremely valuable OTT assets as bundles keep getting redefined and reimagined. Clearly, there's a lot of upside here. And as distribution continues to change, the rise of virtual MVPDs and skinny bundles are also a great story for us. These are smaller bundles that focus on the most compelling content and that pay us more per sub than the traditional bundles do. Already this year, we've signed on with Hulu, YouTube TV and fubo, and these new services have begun contributing to our results in a meaningful way. And today, fresh off the presses, we're very pleased to announce that we will also be part of DIRECTV NOW, meaning we will soon be available on the vast majority of all skinny bundles in the marketplace. As Nielsen continues to add these skinny bundles to its measurement, we are benefiting from a dual-revenue stream that includes advertising from ratings and increasing affiliate fees from carriage. Meanwhile, revenue from traditional MVPD distribution continues to grow rapidly, too, with retrans and reverse comp up 25% during the quarter. So when you add this to what I just told you regarding OTT and virtual MVPDs, you can see why this is such a great growth story for us. By exploiting all these different platforms and by successfully licensing our content around the globe, we have dramatically changed our overall revenue mix. Of extreme importance, during the quarter, we achieved a 60%/40% split between non-advertising and advertising revenue, which is a record for us. That's just 40% of our revenue that now comes from advertising. About 10 years ago, it was greater than 70%. We love advertising, but diversifying our revenue leads to more certainty in our earnings. We began pursuing this strategy a long time ago, and as a result our revenue is now faster-growing and more reliable. Don't get me wrong, advertising is doing very well for us, too, as evidenced by the tremendous success the CBS Television Network had in this year's upfront. Despite many predictions that upfront volume would be down, ours was up, plus we got pricing increases in the high-single digits. And in the morning and late night, we did even better with pricing increases up double digits. In addition, we continue to negotiate our upfront deals in a way that better reflects how people are watching our content. It is now standard for advertisers to pay us for commercials that are seen up to seven days after the show airs, otherwise known as C7. And for the first time, there are some deals that get us paid through 35 days. This is a major positive change for us, and when you look at the final numbers from the most recent 2016-2017 season, you can see why. Nielsen's new total content ratings show that our viewership went up 53% when you include days 2 through 35 after air, and last year's audience was just as big as it was 10 years ago. Plus so far, total content ratings really only include VOD and DVRs and not the majority of digital viewing. So there's a long way to go and a major upside for us, and what is clear is that on any given night, we have millions of viewers that are just beginning to be counted and just beginning to be monetized. To take advantage of this, last week we realigned our sales teams so we can more easily sell our CBS content across platforms. We promoted Jo Ann Ross, who's clearly the best in the business, to President and Chief Advertising Revenue Officer. We gave Dave Morris, who'd been Head of CBS Interactive Sales an expanded role; and then we brought in David Lawenda from Facebook who knows the evolving world of digital advertising as well as anybody, and will now oversee the interactive sales team for us. Together, Jo Ann, Dave, and David and our terrific CBS sales force are already fast at work creating new and improved ways for our clients to buy our number one lineup and all the industry-leading content we provide on both broadcast and digital platforms. Beyond advertising, as we mentioned, we derive significant revenue from our CBS lineup through content licensing. This coming season, our own CBS Studios will produce or coproduce more than 80% of our primetime schedule, including five of our six new series, as well as both of the shows we picked up for midseason. In addition, we are producing for Showtime and the CW, and increasingly for outlets outside of the CBS Corporation as well. When you put it all together, CBS Studios is producing an all-time high of 54 series across 11 different media outlets, including broadcast, cable, and some of the biggest streaming platforms in the industry, from Apple to Netflix. And last week, we entered a new content partnership with Imagine, headed by the incomparable Brian Grazer and Ron Howard. With this deal, CBS, Showtime, and All Access will now get a first look at Imagine's television projects. More importantly, going forward, all Imagine shows will be co-produced and co-distributed by CBS, meaning we will now begin monetizing a whole new set of programming from this terrific partner. A great recent example of the power of owning content is the new version of Dynasty that will premiere this fall on CW. We own 100% of the show and we've already licensed it to Netflix in 188 countries, similar to the lucrative deal we did for our new Star Trek: Discovery franchise last year. So this means Dynasty is profitable before it even hits the air. And speaking of international success, this season NCIS was once again recognized as the world's most watched drama, the third time in four years that NCIS has achieved this feat. And as a company, we're four for four because the only year it wasn't NCIS, it was our very own CSI, and we try very hard to get these initials right. Turning to late night, The Late Show with Stephen Colbert and The Late Late Show with James Corden have incredible momentum. This was the first season in 22 years that CBS has been number one at 11:30. And this summer, Colbert is the only late-night broadcast show that's up in all demos, with viewers up 35%. And at 12:30, James Corden is growing faster than any of his broadcast competitors, and his online phenomenon continues to grow. Tomorrow, his Carpool Karaoke spinoff show will make its U.S. debut as a full series on Apple. And we've also licensed the show as a format into many territories around the world. We are extremely proud that both Colbert and Corden were recognized with several big Emmy nominations, including outstanding talk series. It's the first time since 2003 that two daily broadcast late-night talk shows from the same network were nominated for this award in the same year. And remember, these shows have only been around for two years. We also did very well with Emmy nominations at CBS News. Our 43 nominations were more than any other news organization in the business outside of PBS. Part of that was thanks to 60 Minutes, which continues to dominate in the ratings. Even in repeats, it remains the most watched news program this summer despite the direct competition of a new news magazine. So as 60 Minutes enters its 50th anniversary season, we will feature Oprah Winfrey as a new contributor, and it's as strong as ever. Turning to CBS Sports, we're looking forward to the NFL returning next month. We have been working with the league throughout the off-season to enhance the viewing experience, and we're confident this will pay off with higher ratings. We're also excited about the debut of Tony Romo in our broadcast booth, who will no doubt benefit from the tutelage of the great Jim Nantz. Plus, having an entire season of the NFL on CBS All Access is a very important development for us. Late last year when the NFL was added, our weekly sign-ups were on average 75% higher than in the weeks before it was added to our platform. Speaking of All Access, you've all heard quite a bit about the debut of Star Trek: Discovery next month. I've now seen the first six episodes, and I can assure you that it is terrific. It's a perfect vehicle to take All Access to the next level and beyond. After that, in addition to the return of The Good Fight, we've just announced three new All Access original series, including a comedy from Will Ferrell. So with a full season of the NFL, Star Trek: Discovery, and more and more original programming, every episode of every show on CBS this fall, and international expansion, we are just getting started with All Access. At the same time, our Showtime over-the-top service is coming off a terrific quarter as well, thanks largely to Twin Peaks. The premiere of the show led to our biggest day and biggest weekend ever for OTT signups, and the percentage of viewers streaming Twin Peaks is the highest we've ever had for a show, which is good news because OTT subscribers are more profitable for us. To keep up the momentum, last night we had the season premiere of Ray Donovan, and we'll have another new season of Shameless in the fall followed by the return of Homeland and Billions as well. We're also continuing the lucrative expansion of Showtime brand overseas. In addition to the CANAL+ deal we told you about last call, we recently announced an agreement with Fox to bring Showtime to Southeast Asia as well as a deal with Hotstar, India's largest premium streaming platform. Each of these deals begins a new recurring revenue stream for Showtime that will benefit us for years to come. Turning to publishing, Simon & Schuster turned in a terrific quarter as well, led by strong growth in digital audio. We have two big titles on the way here in the third quarter. The first one is a new book from Hillary Clinton called What Happened, in which she truly opens up and gives her personal story about last year's controversial presidential election. And the second is from New England Patriots, Tom Brady, who will share his secrets for nutrition and training, which I'm sure will be helpful to many of you on this call and in this room. And in local media, our TV stations continue to benefit from our big event programming like the final four which performed very well for us locally during the quarter. Looking ahead, we're having good success selling the NFL, and of course our TV stations continue to benefit from retrans as well. So as you have heard, it's been quite a busy few months for us. And as you can see across our company, we continue to manage our business and stay ahead of the game. In distribution, we are leveraging the strength of our content to be a leading player in the new skinny bundles and the traditional ones, too. And with our growing over-the-top channels, we are set up to succeed no matter how people choose to consume their content. In content licensing, we are more active than ever in terms of creating shows that we own. The capacity and the output of CBS Studios is growing rapidly, and as it does, so does our ability to monetize our programming on air and online, domestically and around the world. And in advertising, we are extremely well-positioned to in the back half of 2017. We'll have our new upfront rates, more primetime hours to sell without the political preemptions of last year, and more money in the marketplace without the Summer Olympics. Beyond that, we have political again in 2018 and the Super Bowl back in 2019. Once again, we are extremely pleased with this quarter as well as how we are set up for the future. Clearly across the board, CBS is set up for success and we know how to get the job done. We look forward to delivering for our shareholders in the quarters and years ahead just as we've been doing for a long, long time. With that, I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Thanks, Les. And good afternoon, everyone. As you heard, we turned in another outstanding quarter. We had record results in all of our key financial metrics and we had top line growth in all three of our revenue types. This broad-based success is the direct result of the way we are executing on our core content strategy and diversifying our revenue sources, and it's only the beginning. We are just 17 months into the five-year strategic plan that we laid out for you, and we've already made substantial progress towards achieving the strategic and financial goals we set for our company. And we've done this while we continue to invest in our content and distribution platforms. While we're posting record earnings, we're also continuing to set ourselves up for bigger and better things ahead. Now let me give you some more details about our second quarter results. Revenue for the quarter came in at $3.3 billion, up 9%. Total advertising was up 4% led by our broadcast of the NCAA Final Four, which drove a 7% increase in network advertising. And as you know, our upfront strategy was to make sure we're getting paid for delayed viewing with C7 now the standard and even some agreements for 35 days, we are now able to monetize this consumption much better going forward. Content licensing and distribution was up 12% despite a difficult comp to last year when we booked a large international licensing deal for our deep Star Trek library. This quarter's increase was driven by our domestic and international volume deals, which included dozens of titles from across multiple platforms. In addition, we continue to benefit from the international expansion of Showtime, including a nice lift from the launch of Twin Peaks during the quarter. It's also worth mentioning that we have three third-year hit shows, NCIS New Orleans, Madam Secretary and Scorpion, available to deliver into first-cycle domestic syndication in the future. Affiliate and subscription fee revenue was up 16% led by retrans and reverse comp which were up 25%. As you heard, our over-the-top subscription services are also growing rapidly and our new skinny bundle deals are beginning to make a meaningful contribution to our results given the favorable economics of those contracts. Second quarter operating income of $669 million was up 3% from last year, demonstrating solid growth against a high-margin licensing sale of our Star Trek series a year ago. And our operating income margin came in at a strong 21%. Reported EPS from continuing operations for the second quarter was up 18% to $0.97, driven by higher operating income and share repurchases. Adjusted EPS for the second quarter, which includes our radio results, was up 12% to $1.04. For the first half of 2017 our results are even more impressive. Revenue of $6.6 billion was up 1%, and that includes comping against the Super Bowl that we had in 2016. This year's growth was led by affiliate and subscription fee revenue, which was up 16% and content licensing and distribution, which was up 14%. So thanks to the healthy increases in our high-margin non-advertising revenue, reported EPS from continuing operations was up 16% to $2.06. Now let's turn to our operating segments. Entertainment revenue for the second quarter was $2.18 billion, up 12%. Affiliate and subscription fees led the way and were up 38%, driven by higher retrans, as well as continued growth at CBS All Access, and content licensing sales were up 12%. Entertainment operating income for the second quarter came in at $346 million compared with $351 million last year when we had our high-margin international Star Trek library sale. Cable networks revenue for the second quarter was up 7% to $571 million, driven by strong OTT sub gains and higher revenue from our international content licensing deals. Successful content and expanded distribution models are attracting new subscribers to Showtime, as evidenced by our global success of Twin Peaks. Cable Networks' operating income for the quarter was up 11% to $253 million, fueled by the growth in our more profitable OTT subs. And the Cable Networks' operating income margin for the quarter grew 2 points to 44%. In Publishing, revenue for the second quarter of $206 million was up 10% driven by higher print book sales and continued growth in digital audio, which was up 34%. As you know, premium content also drives this segment and we have a strong pipeline of titles in the back half of the year. In addition to the two that Les mentioned, we also have titles from Stephen King, Vince Flynn, Nelson DeMille and Walter Isaacson. In Publishing, operating income for the second quarter was up 8% to $28 million as a result of solid revenue growth. Local Media revenue for the second quarter was up 4% to $412 million. This business continues to benefit from increases in retrans at our TV stations, and it also got a boost from the strong performance of the NCAA men's basketball tournament. In addition, entertainment, pharma and fast food were just a few advertising categories that showed healthy gains in the quarter. Local Media operating income for the second quarter came in at $127 million, down just $3 million from last year when we had high-margin political sales. And our Local Media operating income margin was a solid 31%. Now let me give you a quick update on our Radio transaction. Our deal to merge CBS Radio with Entercom is on track to close in Q4 of this year. The SEC has completed its review of our current filings so we are just waiting to obtain the necessary approvals from the Department of Justice. We look forward to unlocking the value of this business in the months ahead. Turning to cash flow and our balance sheet, we had another solid quarter of free cash flow which came in at $190 million, up 5% from last year, thanks to the strong growth in affiliate revenue. Also during the quarter, we repurchased 4.7 million shares of our stock for $300 million. This puts us at $800 million in share repurchases for the first half of the year, and we had $3.3 billion remaining on our share buyback program as of June 30. Going forward, we expect to retire more than $1 billion worth of our stock during the second half of 2017. This would include additional share repurchases in the third quarter as well as our Radio exchange offer, which as I said, we expect to complete in the fourth quarter. In addition, during July, we issued a total of $900 million of debt, and we used the net proceeds to refinance existing debt and extend the maturities at attractive rates. Now let me tell you what we see ahead. Local Media revenue is pacing to be up low-single digits in the third quarter. At the network, Q3 scatter demand remains strong and pricing is up double-digits. And as Les mentioned, during the third quarter we will not be competing against the Olympics and we'll get back 10 hours of primetime programming that we pre-empted for our political coverage last year. In content licensing and distribution, we have more than 600 episodes of our hit shows to monetize domestically, and that does not include the 20 new series our studios will launch this season. And in affiliate and subscription fees, we are growing across the board. By years' end, retrans and reverse comp will exceed the halfway mark to our $2.5 billion revenue goal for 2020. And our over-the-top services, All Access and Showtime OTT, should easily surpass 4 million subs combined. Meanwhile, skinny bundles are continuing to become a bigger part of our results as these services launch and expand. So let's take a step back. We had a great quarter at the CBS Corporation, but just as important is how we're set up for long-term success. Just last year, we laid out four key areas that will drive our growth through 2020. We already have many proof points that validate our ambitions and we're even adding new pillars to build beyond that. In retrans and reverse comp, virtually all of our deals come up for renewal over the next three years. As you know, each deal we do is better than the last. Just to put this opportunity into perspective, CBS as a standalone network generates over 10% of the total ratings across the entire television landscape, including all of cable and broadcast. However, today, we are only getting 2% of the distribution fees. So you can see why we're so confident in the upside here. Turning to OTT, we are not even two years into our five-year plan, and we're already passing the halfway point of our sub goal. And let me remind you of all the things we have ahead. On All Access, we'll have Star Trek: Discovery, a full season of the NFL, three more original series, and the addition of CBSN, plus we'll be adding our new sports streaming service later. And at Showtime, we'll have our big pay-per-view boxing event later this month with more down the road, not to mention the original series we premiere each month. That's why we think our 8 million sub goal is very conservative. And to be clear, this does not include taking CBS All Access to the international marketplace, which is a big incremental opportunity for us down the road. Speaking of international, this pillar is growing consistently because we continue to expand our content pipeline. As Les said, our studio is currently producing 54 shows compared to just 33 two years ago. And we're doing more and more deals for our entire Showtime brand, so this gives us the ammunition to fuel our international opportunity. Lastly, we have our two-part pillar. The first part, the skinny bundle, was just a concept not that long ago. Since then we've executed six deals at economics that are much more favorable than what we get on traditional big bundles. And the second part of this pillar, the monetization of delayed viewing, is just beginning. As Les said, Nielsen is now starting to measure some of this time-shifting with more on its way, and our advertising deals are now beginning to capture it. So this is an opportunity the industry has yet to fully maximize. So in summary, our strategy is already having a meaningful impact on our results today. We are growing revenue, diversifying its mix, and laying the groundwork for continued success by investing in premium content. This is why we have so much confidence in what's ahead. With that, Anne, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our first question from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. I have two questions. First, on All Access, and then I have a question on advertising. Les, when you think about the international opportunity for All Access, can you help us think about your expectations maybe relative to the U.S. now that you guys are going outside of the U.S. with All Access? And how do you weigh that opportunity against the international licensing business, which I believe is over $1 billion a year for the company and growing nicely? How do you think about the risks and opportunities of that as you guys move All Access outside the U.S.?
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Ben, it's a very good question. And obviously, the whole key to international expansion is having the available content that we are making over $1 billion, and that is growing, as Joe had mentioned during the call. Once again, when you see a Netflix getting 50 million international subs, you say gee, that marketplace is so huge, we think there's a way to have our cake and eat it too, perhaps by selling it with the exclusion of our own OTT service. In terms of predicting numbers, it's really hard to do right now. As you saw, we're very pleased with how our domestic site is doing this fall with Star Trek and NFL and new programming. We think it should really grow quite a bit. So I think we're anticipating a great deal of success. And obviously we have the content from Showtime, from CBS, from our library, from all sorts of places that we'll be able to put on it. And once again, as each year goes by, that content should expand.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And then on the advertising side, this summer we've seen a stronger than expected upfront, as you mentioned, for yourselves, and I think overall for TV. It's been a nice story for television. But at the same time, C3 ratings have been under pressure for the industry, which has hit ad revenue a bit, and you've been talking about the leakage outside of C3 for a long time. I'm just wondering if you feel like we're any closer to capturing incremental dollars and monetizing that delayed viewing, and whether that was a driver for your ad sales reorganization, I think the hiring of Dave Lawenda from Facebook. Just talk about how close we may be to capturing those lost ad dollars from ratings issues.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: All right. Ben, it's Joe. Look, I still think we're obviously in the early innings as an industry. I think this is a major step forward, this upfront. As we said on the call, C7 is now the standard. So obviously, the technological advances are giving us that opportunity again to change out advertisers if they don't want to be part of a longer advertising buy, to switch that out. So look, the opportunity is definitely there. The consumption is there, so that's the good news. And the demand I think is important that we make is there. And so clearly people are watching differently. Again, Nielsen put out the total content ratings for the season. 53%, that's a significant amount of people that are just watching it based on convenience, and that's fine. And if they consume it, our expectation is we should get paid for delivering that. And so we're now set up for that internally. We have contracts that set that up, but more to come later.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you both.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Great. Thanks, Ben.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thank you, Ben. Next question, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Jessica Reif with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. I was wondering if you could talk little bit about how you're leveraging this incredible interest in news. Do you have any other plans? And there's been a lot of speculation that CNN could come on the market. How much interest would you have at this point in time? And like a second part to just M&A in general, there's obviously been some consolidation announcements in media this summer, any updated thoughts you can give us on how you're viewing M&A?
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: All right. Regarding news, Jessica, obviously we've expanded greatly. CBSN, as we said, is doing extraordinarily well. In addition, what's encouraging for the future is the average age of the news viewer is 20 years below what it is on the network. And then we announced our deal with BBC, so we're able to join with them and get the use of their news. And once again, 60 Minutes is still extremely profitable. The Morning Show has turned into a big hit for us, so that's a big change for us. And with CBSN, the revenues are growing and growing, and we're just trying more and more ways to exploit how we can do that. CBSN just had a primetime series on the network. Two episodes have aired already, and once again, that brand is growing greatly. And Joe, do you want to talk about the M&A?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Look, Jessica, at the M&A, look, we sit here and we feel strategically complete. We just laid out our growth plan last year. We've given you proof points along the way. We don't need any M&A to achieve the results. We're 100% focused on the operations. We look at everything that's in the marketplace. I think we've shown we're very disciplined in our approach, but our value creation is focused on the key pillars we laid out for you.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And can I just ask one last question, then? On some of these deals that you're making, the newer deals with virtual MVPDs, how did the minimum guarantees work with the new players?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Look, we don't want to get into specifics on some of the deal specifics, Jessica. I'm not going to  clearly some of these deals have MGs in them. We're not going say no to that but we want them to be all successful. And so the rate for sub is the most important rate that we look at, and obviously, it's priced accordingly to All Access, as well as the traditional big bundles. So I think any new entrant sees a huge opportunity in the marketplace to deliver a service or a bundle of channels that the consumers want where it's based on demand, and we're a key component of that, and we expect that value to be reflected.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Our mantra has always been you can't be a new bundle without CBS, and I think we're proving that to be the case. And so we're very pleased to have joined DIRECT. And as we said, we're in the vast majority of the skinnier bundles.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thank you, Jessica. Next question, please?
Operator: We'll take our next question from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Thank you, just two quick questions. The first one, if you can give us a bit more color on the new sports streaming service that you highlighted on the call, what sports rights you think you'll be able to put on that, or is it going to be more highlights or kind of to be determined? And then a follow-up question just on the OTT subscribers. I mean, you've had such impressive growth in the ones that you own, CBS and Showtime. You've given us some good color in terms of numbers behind those. But if you look outside of the platforms that you own, you know, DIRECTV NOW, Hulu Live, YouTube, all those, any sense of how the numbers can or will compare? I know it's early days for a couple of those, especially DIRECTV NOW you just joined, but any sense of if the numbers in aggregate could be meaningful the way they are on your own platforms?
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: All right. Alexia, I'll take the sports question and I'll let Joe do the tougher question. Look, as you know we already have a very proactive online sports group down in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, and as I said, we have the infrastructure that allows CBSN to thrive, which obviously will be used there as well. We have deals with the NFL, the NCAA, FCC football, PGA Tour Golf, lots of different areas. In addition, it's in the very preliminary stages of formation. But CBS is a big player in the sports world. We are going to look to differentiate ourselves from the ESPN and the Fox Sports as well, and we think we have a good opportunity to succeed. The other key, like CBSN, we can keep costs relatively minimal because we already have a great infrastructure for sports like we did with news. So the chances of profitability early on are very good.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: And Alexia, on your OTT sub question, look, the virtual MVPDs are just getting launched. So if you go back to that Investor Day, we did lay out for you 4 million subs by 2020, and we had 8 million subs in total for Showtime and CBS All Access, kind of 4 million apiece. So that gives you some direction on what we think the size is. As we sit here today kind of a year later, we might've been too conservative in those numbers. So these services are just rolling out. They're rolling out kind of locally by market and stuff, so I think we like what we see. I think the user interface is attractive on some of these things, so I think it's going to appeal to a millennial. But it's a different buyer who probably buys CBS All Access. CBS All Access, for the price point is there's no value in the marketplace for it. You're getting tons of live programming, news, sports, plus a deep library and originals for under $10. These other bundles are obviously priced $30 to $40, and it's kind of a suite of services. So we want to be in both of those, and again, we have pretty high expectations on both.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thanks, Alexia. Next question, please?
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Morris with Guggenheim Securities.
Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. I want to follow-up on the sports question. I'm sure you're aware there's some concern in the marketplace about competitive bidding for sports rights over the next 5 to 10 years, particularly from digital competitors. So I'm curious if you can give us an update on your thought on that competitive dynamic, and whether the launch of the streaming service is another tool to help you position in that competitive market in the future? And then second, Joe, you mentioned the 54 shows compared to the 33 shows produced just two years ago. Is it apples-to-apples in terms of the economics on those shows, meaning it's roughly 50% growth in the production economics? And what's the  what does the runway look like for growth from here? Thanks.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Mike, on the sports, yes, the competitive bidding is becoming more and more out there, and obviously there's digital players in the sports arena. The good news is we have the NCAA tournament till 2032, so I think we're fairly secure in the near- and far-term on that. In terms of the other rights, look, the NFL has always been extremely supportive of broadcast television. Yes, there's going to be a digital component, and you're right, this service could be  allow us to be a bigger player in that and perhaps get certain digital rights as these contracts come up more and more. But once again, we have proven that broadcast is better than cable, ascertained by our NCAA ratings versus some of the cable people who have the NCAA, and I think the NFL has always stated there's a reason that the Super Bowl is always on network television. It's just higher rated, nobody has the reach that we do. There's no question that digital players will become more important, but we think they will go along with broadcast, not alone.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: And Mike, for your 54 shows, yeah, that's produced across broadcast, cable, streaming services. So the economics vary, meaning the revenue we generate might vary across the board there, but so do the costs of the shows, as well. The way we look at it, Mike, it's always got to be margin-accretive. And so as it's margin-accretive, it adds to our margin and it builds our library and we monetize it around the world. So again, it's the best probably ROI we can allocate with the use of a dollar.
Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Great. Thanks, guys.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Thank you.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thanks, Mike. Next question.
Operator: We'll go next with Doug Mitchelson with UBS.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks so much. I'm trying to gauge what content rights overseas are available for CBS All Access. Are the shows sold to Netflix or Amazon Prime overseas typically exclusive and how long do those deals tend to be?
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Some of them are. Obviously, we sold Star Trek to Netflix and they will have the worldwide rights going forward. However, a lot of our newer deals, we'll do it. For newer shows, we will sell with the exclusion of a CBS-owned streaming service. So once again, as time progresses there will be more and more available content that we'll be able put on CBS All Access internationally, same with Showtime content, same with CW content. The good news is we have so many different pipelines at CBS that produce content, we think we're going to have a pretty nice suite of shows available and that will grow as each year goes by.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: And I think you mentioned having your cake and eating it too. I mean, how do you balance  sustain your growing margins at CBS versus billing out a CBS All Access or a CBS All Access internationally? You highlight it's a really big opportunity. How aggressively do you go after that with deficits financing a build out versus your desire to continue to grow earnings for investors?
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Yes. Our international content obviously sells for a lot of money, and it certainly covers our deficit financing. There is a way to do it where we'll be able to sell to international channels, as well as have them on All Access, or there'll be certain shows that will be direct for All Access. So there will be  it's something, obviously, we're aware of, and it's something we'll monitor. And as we've done with All Access like with Star Trek, we could've put Star Trek on Showtime, on the CBS Television Network, or Netflix, Amazon. They all wanted it for a lot of money. We determined that Star Trek would be far better for All Access and will earn us more money. So we're pretty smart about content monetization. We figure out each property and how to best monetize it, and that will continue in the international marketplace.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: And last one for Joe. Joe, I'm not sure  I've heard the description 10% ratings versus 2% distribution fees from you guys before.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Do you like that, Doug?
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: You know...
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Go check my math.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: It's good news/bad news, because at a 20% growth rate which is great. I think investors are pretty happy with the retrans and reverse retrans story at CBS, there's still a step function opportunity. How do you pursue that?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: We start with pursuing it when the deals come up and that's why we mentioned on the call that all of our deals on retrans and reverse comp through 2020 come up for renewal. So that's when we have the opportunity to kind of reset the marketplace. But when you have the data, everybody likes to talk about data, so we have the data on this and it kind of supports our thesis so it gives us a lot of confidence when we go into those negotiations. So the only thing that really stops us is time.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: I guess what I'm asking is now having this data, do you think that you will be more aggressive than you might have been before?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Wow, Doug...
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Joe Ianniello can't be more aggressive on anything.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: Fair enough. He doesn't have to, right?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: I appreciate that comment there, Doug. Apparently, I've been lagging, so I'm going to take it up a notch. So those on the call, beware, but I will take that to heart. Look, we shoot for fair value and we believe that markets correct themselves when they're out of balance. And the data suggests that we have a good story to be told and we need to go out to prove to the marketplace that we've earned that money. And the more and more subscribers we get that pay us $6, the more and more confidence we have in the rates we ask for from our distributors.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks so much, guys.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: All right. Thanks, Doug. Next question, please.
Operator: We'll go next to John Janedis with Jefferies.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Thank you. Hey, guys, I think there's been some uncertainty in the marketplace around the margins on the OTT products, meaning either All Access or Showtime given the programming investments. So can you talk about how you think about scale? I assume it's something way less than the 4 million subs for each. And does the margin profile look dilutive to their respective segments?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: No, the margin is going to be accretive. Look, we obviously invested and had to get the services up and running, and we will have content cost. But as the sub base grows, John, we're looking to grow our overall margin. And so I think you can see that Showtime, as evidenced this quarter and year to date, grew its margin 2 percentage points for the year. For the year to date it's 45%, as we're expanding more content and more platforms. And so we're being prudent on how we do that and again like a step function theory. But it's all margin accretive, and that's the way we're modeling this. And I think again, we laid that out at our Investor Day for you guys.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: All right. Thanks, Joe. And then maybe  hey, Les, with some of the ratings erosion at certain cable networks, it seems like they're losing the ability to sell certain demos. And with the success of late night and news, are you seeing advertising share gains from cable in some of these younger demos? And do you still think some dollars are shifting back from digital, or is that largely done?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: No, I think look, at the last upfront, which was only a couple of months ago, we definitely saw digital money move to broadcasting. And in terms of cable, I assume the same thing is happening. Once again, the fact that we're doing much better in late night than we've ever done before, a lot of money is going into Colbert. That's a huge difference from where we were previously. And the same thing with the morning news, but it's not all demo related because a lot of what we sell is the little older 25 to 54, and that's doing very well. So we're in a very good position.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: All right. Thanks, guys.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thank you, John. Next question, please?
Operator: We'll go next to Vijay Jayant with Evercore ISI.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore Group LLC: Thanks. One question that keeps getting asked on a lot of these conference calls is what's the trend of the underlying subscriber base? I think that CBS as a platform, given it's in most of the skinny bundles within the ecosystem and a whole host of new virtual MVPDs as well as your CBS All Access. Is it fair to say that  and also your reverse comp is not a per-sub metric, I understand. Could you confirm that? Is it fair to say that the CBS platform is actually growing its subscriber base on what you have under your control? And second, any way you can share with us what the mix was between C3, C7, and even some C35 you saw on the sub front? Thanks so much.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Okay, Vijay. It's Joe. Here's what I would tell you. First, I can confirm the reverse comp deals are  it's a flat fee. It's a license fee as opposed to tied to subscribers. And the second thing is I think when you look at it across the traditional retrans base plus the skinny bundles plus the direct OTT, we're not seeing any sub erosions here. And I think again, it's consumers find the content they want to consume, and that's really what we're seeing and that's what you can see in the numbers of growing 25% quarter after quarter is what we're posting. As far as the C3/C7, we don't have specifics. We said the C7 is now the standard. The way we describe it is the vast majority of the deals. And as Les said, we're starting to get some at C35  35-day deals, which again is also important. So I think more to come there. It's a proof point, and I think we have to show that it works. It works for an advertiser and there's true value and we will monetize it.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore Group LLC: Thanks so much.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Great. Thanks, Vijay. Next question, please?
Operator: We'll go next to David Miller with Loop Capital Markets.
David W. Miller - Loop Capital Markets LLC: Hey, guys. Congratulations on the stellar results. And this just follows up on the previous question. Les, I think it was a year ago after your 2016 upfront results had come out that I had asked you about C3 versus C7. And I think that I had positioned my question in suggesting, at least rhetorically, that there really wasn't a lot of traction with C3 at the time, and that perhaps going forward the currency would just be live and C7. It seems like that's what happened this year. It just seemed like there really wasn't a lot of traction with C3 at all. Do you agree with that? Am I wrong in stating that?
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: No, look, going into this year's upfront, I would venture to say that 75% of the deals last year were C3. I think that has shifted a great deal to C7. By the way, it's a positive for advertisers, it's a positive for us as well that more of the people are counted. So I think going in, we had to get the top advertising agencies on board with the C7 metric, and they did. And by and large, every single one of them is there and it is the standard of the day. What is interesting, as we've talked about the total content ratings, when you get up to the C35, which is going to become even more important going forward, you see ratings going up in certain cases literally over 50%. We used The Big Bang Theory from day 2 to day 35. It was up over 50%. It went from something like 17 million viewers to 24 million viewers. So that is substantial, and that's going to mean a lot of money going forward.
David W. Miller - Loop Capital Markets LLC: Excellent, thank you very much.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Great. Thank you, David. Next question, please?
Operator: We'll go next to Laura Martin with Needham.
Laura Martin - Needham & Co. LLC: Hi there. Can you hear me, you guys?
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Yes.
Laura Martin - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay, great. So, Joe, so I know you guys are really good at managing over-the-top growth offshore with this margin because you're trading at 12 times earnings. But I cover Netflix, the trade is at six times revenue. So talk to me about why we don't spin off 15% of this and lose money and get there faster? Because actually, first-mover advantage does better in some of these markets. So talk to me about that logic.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Laura, we have Netflix envy, and we try to present our results in a way to give you the ability to value us on an equivalent metric. So we'll leave the valuation to you guys. We'll post the results and you tell us what it's worth.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: We would love to take all of our profits and put it back into content. We'd be very good at that.
Laura Martin - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. And then staying on this, so, Les, I'm really interested. Is the notion that we're going into news and sports because  is that being driven by the execution of we have this big infrastructure, so now we can go get another revenue stream, or is it that you feel there's a big over-the-top bundle being created and you have entertainment lockdown? So let's get to news, and basically CNN and ESPN which were the two big verticals that were first in the cable bundle? Which one of your theses drives this push into news and sports as it relates to the (55:21)?
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Look, obviously, CNN was doing very well, Fox News was doing very well. To begin a brand-new Cable News Network would not be smart and it also wasn't the new modern form of distribution. So it seemed logical for us to go into streaming having the infrastructure we already did in terms of news. Seeing the success we had with news, we say, all right, there's an opportunity there and sports as well. Not that other people aren't there, but our sports networks are doing extremely well online. And once again, it's a great opportunity to be all things to all people and I think we can do it successfully.
Laura Martin - Needham & Co. LLC: Thanks a lot, guys.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Thanks.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thanks, Laura. Next question, please?
Operator: We'll go next to Steven Cahall with Royal Bank of Canada.
Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you. Just a question on maybe programmatic buying. I think Fox announced earlier that they're starting to do some programmatic buying on local and we saw one of the Group M executives head over to AT&T to do the same there, possibly with Time Warner coming in. So how are you looking at the possibility of an arms race in programmatic or maybe just something more dynamic in terms of ad insertion, particularly as more of your content goes to a virtual format?
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Look, we've been competitive because of our ratings, our programming, et cetera, and every place that we can sell, we can't sell, one of the reasons we restructured our sales division was because we wanted to look at every possible way of selling to achieve maximum revenue. Programmatic is one of those ways. So we're there as well, and as we've done in every other form of advertising, we've competed very successfully. So we think that we're in very good shape with our new construction of our sales division.
Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And then maybe just a quick follow-up on Thursday night football, you're pretty close to that contract coming due. So I was just wondering if you can give us any thoughts as to where do you think the league is going to keep that on the roster, and if so how you look to be in the next round? Thanks.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Obviously, we have five games. NBC has five games. We expect the NFL to continue and we expect to continue to be a part of it. We love the NFL and we want to continue as we do on Sundays.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Great. Thanks, Steve. Let's take one last question, please.
Operator: We'll take that question from Marci Ryvicker from Wells Fargo.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. Just how do you view your relationship with your affiliates in the broadcast business model overall? I think what's going on between Fox and Sinclair had the entire market spooked, and we know that you're aggressive in your negotiations with stations, Joe. So any comment just on the business model and your relationship there would be helpful. And then secondly, is there a point where Entercom's stock price get so low that you feel like you need to walk away from the sale of CBS Radio?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Marci, it's Joe. Look, I think we have a great relationship with our affiliate body. Obviously, we just did a very comprehensive deal with them addressing virtual MVPDs, part of All Access. So we've demonstrated to work with them. We like the model. We want them to be successful. We want to obviously be paid for our success as well. So I think we have a lot of examples of the way we can do it where it's win-win. And so we're pretty proud of that relationship. As far as Entercom goes, look, we assumed Entercom's stock is low and we hope it goes up. I think David Field is the best operator in the industry. I think he's going to have a whole bunch of synergies and opportunities, really, to grow that asset base. And in the coming months, we obviously have to convince investors that that's the best game in town. So we don't have any expectation that the Entercom stock price is going to go lower, but the outs in the deal are there. There's obviously maxim and things of that nature that are in the deal, but we're fully committed to getting this deal done with Entercom.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, thank you.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Great. Thank you, Marci.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: And thank you, everyone, for joining us this evening. Have a great night.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-04 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Adam Townsend - CBS Corp. Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp. Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.
Analysts: Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Instinet Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC John Janedis - Jefferies LLC David W. Miller - Loop Capital Markets LLC Laura Martin - Needham & Co. LLC Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CBS Corporation first quarter 2017 earnings release teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to the Executive Vice President of Corporate Finance and Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead, sir.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thank you, Gwen. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter 2017 earnings call. Joining us with today's remarks are Leslie Moonves, our Chairman and CEO; and Joe Ianniello, our Chief Operating Officer. Following Les and Joe's discussion of the company's performance, we will open the call up to questions. Please note that statements on this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's SEC filings. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found in our earnings release or on our website at cbscorporation.com. A webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can also be found on our Investor section of our website. With that, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Les.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Thank you, Adam, and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'm pleased to report that CBS delivered a very healthy first quarter. EPS was $1.09, up 15%, representing the 29th consecutive quarter of EPS growth. And revenue came in at $3.3 billion, which was quite an achievement because we were going up against a quarter a year ago when we had the Super Bowl and an extra NFL playoff game. When you exclude those two games, revenue would have been up high single digits for the quarter. CBS' strong performance is the direct result of our clear strategy to diversify our revenue. During the quarter, affiliate and subscription fees grew 17%, and content licensing and distribution grew 16%. Going forward, all three of our main types of revenue are set up for success in the quarters ahead. First, affiliate and subscription fees will continue to grow rapidly from multiple sources led by retrans and reverse comp which is on track to be up about 25% in 2017. This will put us more than halfway to our goal of achieving $2.5 billion in this revenue source by 2020. Affiliate and subscription fees are also beginning to benefit meaningfully from CBS All Access and Showtime OTT. On both services, the combination of original programming and leading library titles is driving our growth, and we are pacing ahead of our goal of 8 million subscribers combined by 2020. So far, we have been selling each product individually. Starting next week, in addition to each being available on its own, we will begin offering All Access and Showtime as a combined package for the very first time. And yes, the skinny bundles we've long told you about are now here. Last month, CBS and Showtime launched on Google's YouTube TV, and Showtime debuted on Sling TV. And just yesterday, CBS and Showtime launched on Hulu's new live TV service as well. These new deals will rapidly become a contributor to our affiliate and subscription fee revenue here in 2017. As these new players continue to come on the scene, it's the must-have content that will thrive. This is when the marketplace will separate the wheat from the chaff. And remember, as we've said many times, for any bundle to be truly successful, it must have CBS. We are not being affected in any way by any changes in subscription numbers throughout the industry. Next, revenue from content licensing and distribution is also poised for continued success. Later this year, three of our hit TV series, NCIS: New Orleans, Madam Secretary, and Scorpion, will begin to be licensed in domestic syndication. Together, this represents about 200 episodes of shows that we can monetize, and they'll be coming to market at just the right time. There has been a barrage of new original programming on cable networks these last few years. Some of it has worked. Much of it has not. For many programmers, our proven content presents a better business model than the risk of another failed original. In fact, several of the best performing cable networks recently achieved their growth largely thanks to the reliable performance of shows in the CBS arsenal. From NCIS to the Ghost Whisperer to Beverly Hills 90210, CBS-owned shows are boosting cable channels in a big way. Similarly, SVOD players also continue to covet premium off-network content in order to attract new subs with well-known franchises. Meanwhile, internationally we're seeing strong demand as well, and our licensing revenue is climbing as we continue to create and own more series from our studio. And finally, in advertising, this is an exciting time of year for us with the upfront coming in less than two weeks. Given the dizzying amount of choices out here, having the largest audience and most stable schedule is more valuable than ever. CBS reaches nearly 10 million viewers on average per night, more than anyone else in broadcast, cable, or streaming. And as Nielsen's new Total Content Ratings validated recently, the combined audience across all platforms for CBS this season is larger than it was 15 years ago when we were only a linear network. So we expect to do very well and we expect another terrific upfront, where we will once again lead the market with strong gains. Meanwhile, measurement is getting better and better all the time, and we're getting paid for more viewing than ever before. Still, at this point, the advertising industry has not yet sufficiently caught up with the new ways people are consuming content. In last year's upfront, we pushed to get over 50% of our ad sales done in C7, which was a very important step. This year, we expect that almost every deal will be C7. And going forward, as more people are watching our programming beyond the 7-day window, there is a meaningful opportunity for capturing new revenue through dynamic ad insertion and other technological advances. Plus, we are moving into a new era where selling off just demographics will be a thing of the past. Better and better audience data is driving a new targeted approach that will be a win-win for us and our clients. So across the board, monetizing our total viewership is a top priority for us. And those of you who follow us know when we set our mind to seeking fair value for our content, we always get it. As you can see, we have tremendous upside ahead across all of our main sources of revenue. This is especially true in the back half of 2017, when our new upfront rates kick in, our three hit series go into syndication, and our new skinny bundle deals really start having an impact. And as we continue to sharpen our core content focus, including the separation of our radio business, we will be better positioned to take advantage of the major growth opportunities before us. It all starts with the CBS Television Network, where we will win the season for the 14th time in 15 years and for the ninth year in a row. We have a deep schedule of big mass-appeal hits every night, including the number one show and number one comedy, Big Bang Theory, which was just renewed for two more seasons, the number one drama NCIS, the number one news magazine 60 MINUTES, the number one new drama Bull, and the number one new comedy Kevin Can Wait. As we gear up to announce our new lineup in two weeks, we are once again in an enviable position. Nineteen series from our number one schedule have already been renewed for next season, and five of those shows were brand-new this year, including two dramas and three comedies. We also own 16 of the 19 shows that we've renewed plus nearly all of the pilots we have in development. So next season's primetime lineup will generate incremental licensing opportunities for us as well as advertising revenue. At the same time, we're also creating more and more series for broadcast, cable, and digital platforms beyond CBS, Showtime, and the CW. We now have shows in production or development at 11 networks and streaming services outside of our company. All of this gives us a bigger and bigger library of content that can be monetized across platforms for years to come. One of the key areas where owning our content has led to new revenue growth is late night. Of course, it doesn't hurt when both of your shows are on a terrific run. In fact, Stephen Colbert and James Corden are the only late-night talk-show hosts on broadcast television to be up in viewers this season. The Late Show with Stephen Colbert has now beaten The Tonight Show for 13 consecutive weeks. You'd have to go back a long, long time to find another streak like that for us. And Stephen's viewers are also growing online, with streaming nearly double what it was last season. The Late Late Show with James Corden is also a big multiplatform hit for us. Its YouTube channel recently exceeded an incredible 10 million subscribers and is now ranked third on YouTube's broadcast TV show channels. In addition, owning The Late Late Show has allowed us to create two new series based on James's segments that will launch later this year, Carpool Karaoke on Apple TV and Drop the Mic on TBS. It's remarkable that in two short years, we have revolutionized late-night TV with a pair of brand-new shows that are both doing incredibly well. Turning to TV sports, CBS Sports, we have just had the second-most-watched NCAA men's basketball tournament in 23 years, and the Final Four was up 37% from a year ago when it was on cable. We have also set new records in streaming and social media mentions. And our March Madness cover gave a lift to All Access subscriptions as well. So you can see why we're very pleased to have this tournament locked up for another 15 years through 2032 and on terms that are profitable for us every single year. As we look ahead to the NFL, we landed one of the most sought-after personalities in the game by signing Tony Romo to join Jim Nantz in our broadcast booth. Having just retired from the Dallas Cowboys, Tony will bring a very current perspective to our coverage and I'm sure all you Giant fans out there will be happy to see him in a CBS blazer rather than a Cowboys' jersey. It should also be a strong season in terms of advertising. NFL ad revenue ended last season on an upswing with solid growth in the first quarter during the playoffs, and this fall we will benefit from an improved Thursday Night Football schedule that features five straight weeks of games at the very beginning of the prime-time television season. We will have stronger match-ups than last year kicked off by the Chicago Bears visiting the Green Bay Packers. Over the news, CBS This Morning is the only network morning news program that is growing viewers, a trend that's been going on for a long time. Over the last five years, CBS This Morning is up 47%, while our top competitors are each down. As a result, the gap between CBS and The Today Show is now down to just 150,000 viewers, the narrowest gap in more than two decades. And in primetime, no other news program can match the success of 60 MINUTES, which has already made Nielsen's top ten 19 times this season and was number one during the last week of the quarter. Not bad for a show celebrating its 50th anniversary next season and it remains a model of consistency for us. Clearly, quality content works in any era. Our digital news network CBSN continues to perform strongly, as well. Online streams were up 59% in this year's first quarter versus last, and it's attracting viewers that are about 20 years younger than those who watch news on broadcast and cable TV. Meanwhile, CBS All Access and Showtime OTT are also reaching younger audiences, and as I mentioned, they're expanding all the time. During the quarter, we debuted The Good Fight, our first original scripted series on All Access. It demonstrated the type of quality programming we're bringing to the service, and we've already picked it up for a second season. And of course, the anticipation for Star Trek: Discovery continues to build. The cast is fantastic. We've already had a couple of episodes in the can that we've seen, so we're very excited for the launch later this fall when we'll also have a full season of the NFL on CBS All Access. Our programming has also helped being the driving force behind the success at Showtime where new seasons of Homeland and Billions helped drive strong double-digit growth in OTT subs during the quarter. And quality programming is leading to more and more deals overseas, as well. Where we used to license individual Showtime titles, we are now able to license the entire Showtime brand. Just yesterday, we announced a deal with CANAL+ in France, meaning that our Showtime portfolio will now be available across all of Western Europe. We are just a few short weeks away from the long-awaited return of Twin Peaks, which is also in high demand around the world having just been licensed in several key global markets. So just as we did with Star Trek: Discovery, we're monetizing our content in the international marketplace even before we launch it here in the U.S. Twin Peaks will join a roster of original series that many consider to be the best there is in premium cable, including Homeland, Billions, Ray Donovan, Masters of Sex, The Affair, and Shameless. And in addition to Twin Peaks next month, we'll also premiere the debut of our newest comedy, I'm Dying Up Here, which is executive produced by Jim Carrey. So we continue to refill the programming pipeline at Showtime quarter-after-quarter. Premium content is also the driving force behind our great results in Publishing, where Simon & Schuster turned in a terrific quarter primarily driven by strong print sales, and there's more to come including new titles from big names like Kevin Hart, Joy Mangano, Tucker Carlson, John Kerry and the incomparable Stephen King. Turning to Local, TV station sales for the NCAA championship game were up 40% from the last time we had the game on CBS two years ago. And, of course, strong and steady growth in retrans along with the changing FCC ownership rules are making our local TV stations more valuable all the time. So across our company, we are reaping the benefits of our strategy, which is to create the content that audiences want and give it to them in all the ways as they want it. Last year at our Investor Day, we laid out our long-term strategy in more detail. We outlined four key pillars of growth that would lead our company to success through 2020 and beyond. These pillars include retrans and reverse comp, over-the-top services, international content sales, and a fourth pillar which is in two parts, skinny bundle and the monetization of delayed viewing. I'm pleased to report that each of these pillars is either right on track or even ahead of our goals. Key to our success over the years has been developing a successful strategy, communicating that strategy, executing that strategy and by doing so, delivering for our shareholders. That's what we've done, and that's what we're doing now. So clearly, we have a very bright future, and I look forward to updating you on our continued progress. Thank you. And with that, I will turn the call over to Joe.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Thanks, Les, and good afternoon, everyone. As you heard, our first quarter results underscored the strength of our business model. We delivered healthy EPS growth and strong free cash flow, driven by double digit increases in our high margin non-advertising revenue sources, and once again, we did all of this while we continued to invest in our programming as well as our own distribution platforms. So the strategy we laid out for you a year ago is currently paying off. CBS is now a pure-play content company with a diversified revenue base that is poised for continued growth. This is why we believe we are the best positioned company in the media landscape. Now let me give you some more details about our first quarter results. As you heard, revenue came in at $3.3 billion. Advertising was $1.6 billion compared with $2.1 billion in 2016, which as you know, included Super Bowl 50 and an extra NFL playoff game. Also, last year, underlying network advertising was up a very strong 12% in Q1, and we nearly held all of that growth with underlying network advertising declining less than 1% this quarter. We also saw an improvement from Q4 just as we indicated on our last call. And as we head into this year's upfront, we feel confident in the strength and stability of our primetime lineup on CBS, which is once again America's most watched network. And as Les said, content licensing and distribution grew 16% in the quarter with strength across the board. Internationally, we saw a robust demand for new shows like MacGyver and Bull, as well as established hits like Hawaii Five-0 and NCIS: Los Angeles. Domestically, we got a lift from the syndication and streaming of our off-network programming, and we are also producing more originals for other outlets including the likes of Apple, Amazon and TBS and we continue to reload. During the quarter, our studio produced 20% more hours of original programming than last year, which will benefit us down the road. Affiliate and subscription fee revenue was up 17%. A big part of this increase was driven by retrans and reverse comp, which was up 28%, and our over-the-top services continue to become a growing part of this revenue source. Operating income for the first quarter came in at $704 million compared with $765 million last year which, as you heard, included Super Bowl 50 and the extra playoff game. Still, our operating income margin remained at 21%, driven by the growth of our high margin non-advertising revenue. Reported EPS from continuing operations was up 15% to $1.09 which included resolutions of certain state income tax matters that represented $0.05 of our EPS. So on an adjusted basis, our EPS from continuing operations was $1.04, up 9%. In addition, because of a new accounting standard, the first quarter included tax benefits from stock-based compensation awards which are now going through the P&L. Adjusted EPS including our Radio results was $1.06 for the quarter. Now, let's turn to our operating segments. Entertainment revenue for the first quarter came in at $2.35 billion compared with $2.59 billion last year which, again, included the Super Bowl and the extra playoff game. Without the impact of those non-comparable NFL games, the underlying business showed strong growth. More specifically, affiliate and subscription fees grew 28%, and content licensing grew 21%. Entertainment operating income for the first quarter came in at $398 million compared with $449 million last year, and our entertainment operating income margin held steady at 17% even as we invested in more content and our distribution services, thanks once again to the growth of our high margin affiliate and subscription fee revenue. In our Cable Networks segment, revenue for the first quarter was up 3% to $543 million with affiliate revenue up 6%. Much of this increase was driven by Showtime OTT, which benefited from the one-two punch of Billions and Homeland during the first quarter. And just as we're doing at CBS, we continue to invest in more programming at Showtime to drive further sub-growth, including our two new second quarter series Twin Peaks and I'm Dying Up Here. Cable Networks operating income of $248 million was up 9% in the first quarter, driven by our very profitable Showtime OTT service. And our Cable operating income margin expanded two points to 46%. In Publishing, Q1 revenue of $161 million was up 11% due to strong print sales. Audiobooks continue to grow at a fast pace and were up 35%. Best-selling titles during the first quarter included Unshakeable by Tony Robbins. Publishing operating income for the first quarter grew 8% to $14 million, and the operating income margin here held steady at 9%. Local Media revenue came in at $409 million compared with $448 million last year, once again because of the same two non-comparable NFL games. However, Local Media benefited from growth in retrans at our TV stations, and underlying revenue was up low single digits. And our Local Media operating income came in at $123 million for the quarter. Now let me give you a quick update on our Radio transaction. Our deal to merge CBS Radio with Entercom remains on track for the second half of 2017. We filed a CBS Radio S-4 a few weeks ago, and we're in the process of obtaining the necessary approvals from the various regulatory agencies. We look forward to recognizing the value of this business in the months ahead. Also in connection with our Radio transaction and in accordance with accounting rules, we made a non-cash adjustment to the carrying value of Radio to the current market derived by Entercom's stock price. As an asset held for sale, the value of our Radio assets will be marked to market until we complete this divestiture, and could be adjusted downward or upward from current levels. Turning to cash flow and our balance sheet, free cash flow was a terrific story during the quarter, coming in at $651 million, which is also net of a $100 million discretionary payment into our pension plan. This compares to last year's free cash flow of $889 million, which benefited significantly from our broadcast of Super Bowl 50. Also during the quarter, we repurchased 7.6 million shares of our stock for $500 million. As you know, first and foremost, our priority is to always reinvest in our businesses. Going forward, we will continue to return excess capital to our shareholders, including the value unleashed from our upcoming Radio transaction. Now let me tell you what we see ahead. For Local Media, total revenue is pacing to be up mid-single digits for the second quarter. And as a reminder in Q2, we will benefit from our broadcast of the NCAA Final Four games. We are also heading into the upfront marketplace in an extremely strong position. We have more eyeballs watching CBS than any other network. And as you heard, we were the number one network for the last nine years in a row. As measurement continues to capture more of the viewing that is taking place across platforms, our audience will only increase, which along with pricing gains will benefit us later this year. Retrans and reverse comp will continue to be a strong growth driver. We have 22% of our retrans footprint and 19% of our reverse comp footprint coming up for renewal through the end of 2018. And as you know, each new deal we do will raise the bar for the value of our content. And as Les said, we expect to grow our retrans and reverse comp revenue by approximately 25% in 2017. Our OTT services are also growing faster each quarter, and we've yet to launch our marquee franchises, Twin Peaks on Showtime and Star Trek: Discovery on CBS All Access, not to mention the first full season of the NFL coming up on All Access as well. So we expect healthy subscriber growth to continue. As you heard, 2017 is the year of the skinny bundle. This is a very profitable business model for us. And each new subscriber we add to these platforms will only accelerate our affiliate fee growth. We're also set for great success in content licensing. As Les mentioned, we have more than 200 episodes of CBS content coming up for domestic syndication, and that doesn't even include all the shows we're producing for Showtime, the CW, All Access, other cable networks, as well as streaming outlets. In total, we have more than 600 episodes of shows which have aired but not yet been licensed domestically, and thus the value yet to be realized. So there are plenty of licensing opportunities in our future, both here in the U.S. and in the international marketplace as well. So in summary, we're off to a great start here in 2017, and there's much more to come. The steps we have taken to transform CBS into a pure-play content company with a diversified revenue base are already having a big impact on our results. And the long-term strategy we laid out for you a year ago, anchored by our four pillars of growth along with the continued investment in new content and distribution platforms, position us for even greater success in the years ahead. We also have much more visibility into our future than we've ever had before, which is why we're so confident we will achieve our impressive goals. And as we do, we will continue to drive significant value for our shareholders. And with that, Gwen, let's open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our first question from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. Les, it seems like All Access has continued to be a strong growth driver. I think it's in your 20% growth of affiliate subscription revenues. Can you just talk about how that performed once the NFL season ended? I didn't know if churn spiked at all, how The Good Fight played. And it seems like you're getting close to 1.5 million or so of subs. I don't know if you're willing to humor us with a new disclosure, but I thought I'd try. And then I have a follow-up for Joe, a quick one.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: I'm not going to give you an exact, but you guys knew. You're in the neighborhood. Look, we only had the NFL on All Access for the last two weeks, and it spiked a lot during those two weeks, which leads us to be very excited about having it for a full season, able to promote it. Similarly, with The Good Fight, we knew The Good Wife had done very well on SVOD. This was an even higher elevated form of that show. So every week that built, we were very pleased with the numbers and how it ended up, but once again, this is a big learning thing. The Good Fight was our first scripted drama there. And at the end of the day, we were extremely pleased creatively with it, and the numbers ended up really, really good. Obviously, we have the big kahuna coming up with Star Trek, but I think the strategy, not to think, we're fairly confident the strategy really is working well. It's very exciting as we move forward. Moving over to the Showtime, whenever there's a new show launched, when Homeland and Billions, there is a big spike on it. There's a big spike, and that led to a good strategy that we had, which is launching a new show every single month. And therefore, you get the spikes and you keep them. And as a result, the churn is lower. So we're really pleased with where we are, and the future is looking really great.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. And, Joe, just on the Showtime/CANAL+ deal, I think you've done a number  I don't know if it's four or five of these. You've done a lot of these output deals. What is the financial benefit? Just remind us why that strategy makes sense for the company financially relative to selling off your shows on a one-off basis?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Sure, the first thing it does, obviously it gives us a global brand in Showtime instead of selling individual shows. So now across the world everybody knows Showtime and what it stands for and again, obviously premium content. So that's first and foremost. But secondly, financially, right, from a risk profile perspective, these deals include past, current and future shows on Showtime, sight unseen. So basically the theory is if it's good enough for Les to put on Showtime, it's good enough for us. So that really changes the risk profile as we're developing these shows from creation to understand the revenue stream that's incremental, right, to the subscriber revenue. So the licensing opportunity at Showtime, because we own that, right, is in addition to the subscriber revenue which we never had before.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: It's great. Just to add to that, it's great to see on the deal memo. It says Ray Donovan through its finale, then the substitute for Ray Donovan through its finale, then the substitute for the substitute. So it gives us great confidence that 10 years from now, we're going to be selling at great pricing these programs.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it, thank you both.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thanks, Ben. Let's take the next question.
Operator: And we'll go next to Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. A couple questions, just two, three maybe. One, now that the writers' strike has been resolved before I think it actually goes, what is the financial impact of the new contract? Second, you aren't in  part of the consortium that advertising consortium with Viacom, Fox and Turner. Do you think that impacts in any way how you can sell targeted demographics? And then you are part of Hulu which has now announced a launch date. Could you talk about your expectations for that?
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: For what? I didn't hear what the last one was.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: The last one was Hulu. Hulu finally announced specifics.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Hulu. Hulu.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hulu finally announced specifics.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: All right. I'll talk about the writers' strike, and then I'll give the other two to Joe. Look, the writers' strike, we were all extremely pleased that we avoided the strike. We felt like the deal was extremely fair. It was appropriate for the industry. It also gave the writers some additional things that are writer-centric. A lot of the gains had to do with span. In other words, those shows that are less than 13 episodes, which frankly are on premium and they're on Netflix and Amazon more so than anything else, and frankly it is not anything that was not built into what we anticipated in the deal. As I said, it was a very fair deal. The writers got what they wanted, but you will not see an adverse effect to the bottom line with us, and we're very happy that it worked out.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Jessica, I think your other two questions were some of those other consortiums on the data on measurement and stuff like that. So for us, look, I mean, all we've ever asked for is just to counter all of our eyeballs fairly. And when you do that, again CBS, the number one network, more eyeballs for the last 14 years and 15 years out of anybody. So we feel really good about that. So just because people are watching on different platforms or different timing just positions us. We know they're watching, and we know that. And so if there is any other  Nielsen is obviously making great strides in it. If there's others in there, so be it. But I think our opportunity is making sure we're getting paid fairly for all of those. But we don't have to necessarily own those distribution  that data, that measurement service. So I'm not sure if that answered your question, but I think that hits it. And as far as Hulu, look, we have great expectations. There are a lot of new entrants entering. I think obviously their bundle looks somewhat compelling. So I know it just launched yesterday. And I know a lot of folks signed up for it. But it's a great economic deal for us because obviously these new entrants pay the fair value kind of going in knowing what we deliver. And so the more and more subscribers they get, the better for CBS.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Great. Thank you, Jessica. Next question, please.
Operator: And we'll go next to Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, thank you. I guess just two questions. First, any further commentary you can give us on the overall ad market? We've heard such mixed things over the last couple of days. And I totally understand CBS is in such a strong position versus peers given your rating strengths going into the upfront, but I guess any color how you think you might do overall in terms of where you might end up there. And then second question's really just on the local station group. I heard you mentioned I think before that you might have interest in buying some more local stations with further deregulation, which we've seen some of already. I guess any information in terms of would you be interested in buying a sort of a larger group or just sort of one-offs in the markets where you really see value.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Yes. Alexia, and I know I sounds like a broken record every year at this time, but the upfront to me is going to be exceedingly strong. You start hearing numbers like high singles in CPM growths, and judging by  the scatter market once again remains very strong. There's a lot of demand for our product. So we're looking at a year where we think it's going to be much better than last year, and we had a very solid year last year. So I know I'm Mr. Broadcast and I'm the cheerleader, but I got to tell you I've been right  I sound like Donald Trump  I've been right more than I've been wrong in terms of those things that are going on. And so Carnegie Hall is two weeks away. And you know me, I get a kick out of what happens there during that whole process. But we're looking towards a very strong upfront.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: And, Alexia, just on your local station, look, I think we've demonstrated a very disciplined approach to M&A generally, but specifically for TV stations. So we'll always look at those opportunities. Obviously, the value of the underlying stations we own, we feel very good about. But we look at those kind of market by market specifically because our position is going in is we're going to get our value vis--vis the retrans negotiation or the reverse comp, because the stations need the major networks. And that's what's really driving their entire business model. So I think, again, we like to  what we say is have our cake and eat it too, because why else would you want cake if you're not going to eat it.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Thanks, Alexia. Let's go to the next question.
Operator: And we'll go next to Anthony DiClemente with Instinet Nomura.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Instinet: Thanks for taking my questions. I have one for Joe, and one for Les. Joe, just on these deals with YouTube TV and Hulu, you can clear the economics per subscriber accretive to your existing retrans fees, let's say, either the same or better or let's say better. Can you talk about what's in those agreements in terms of planned annual increases? So for example, in your Hulu deal, will your per-subscriber fee increase in years two and three? And then your apps, still from DIRECTV NOW and Sling. So any update on those talks, and what the gating factors might be would be helpful? And I do have one for Les.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Anthony, I think again, we can't get into any specifics about any of the deals, but I think you should assume there are pricing increases in all of our deals. I think the terms have to reflect the current market value we deliver, and I think we've now proven, we've been able to do this with multiple parties, not just one, not just two, not just three. So DIRECTV and Sling is ongoing. Those discussions continue, though they're complicated. They're new areas for those guys to enter into. And we're engaged and we'll see if we can come to a meeting of the minds on all deal terms. But it's complicated. So, but we're very encouraged with the new entrants in the marketplace and it seems to really be working, but we're again, as Les said, for a bundle  a skinny bundle to truly be successful, not to have the number one network with sports, entertainment, news. I mean, again, I'm not sure you're setting yourself up for success.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Instinet: Okay. You guys were talking about deal memos before, so I thought I'd try there. Les, this is just maybe a high-level philosophical question. Facebook and Twitter and YouTube have been increasingly vocal about leaning into their ad-supported video strategies. Twitter having done a series of content deals recently, and Facebook having talked about their video ad revenue share model last night, really. So, the question is at a high level. Are there ways as you see those, are there ways that you could or should deepen or extend your relationships with those platforms in order to perhaps better share in their audience and advertising growth? And at a high level, what are your thoughts on making CBS content more available? And then we have some news in the late-night content on those platforms, but more available in order to participate in a, perhaps, shared revenue model. Thanks
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Yes, look, you're right. At a very high level philosophically we are a content maker. We like to sell our content. We like to make  all sorts of different deals are going on. We are good at doing content. We're good at selling advertising. The answer is yes, we already have existing deals with some of those places you mentioned and that will continue to grow. I think what's happened is the realization that we're pretty good at producing content, and they have different skillsets and hopefully they can  we can be combined, and looking forward it will be a good  a new source of revenue for us.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Instinet: Okay, thank you.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thanks, Anthony. Next question, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Mike Morris with Guggenheim.
Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. Two questions. First, Les, you mentioned C7 as being the currency for most of the inventory in the upfront this year. When you think about being able to expand to C7, do you see the advantage there in maybe taking share within the television universe in terms of ad dollars available? Or do you see that as an opportunity to perhaps bring additional dollars into the television universe? And then second, Joe, you mentioned 20% more hours being  of television being produced at your studio versus last year. Where are those hours going? How should we think about the monetization of those? And what is kind of  how are you viewing a normalized growth level for that production? Thanks.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Mike, when I look at C7, and as I said, about 50% of what we're doing now is based on C7. The numbers between C3 and C7 are quite large, and they're growing larger every day as people get more and more choices and doing that. So the numbers that will come into the marketplace will be much higher, and this will be sound money. Basically, advertisers have been sort of getting those days for free in a lot of cases, and that's just not fair unless you're a movie company that is really time sensitive on what you're doing. So, I think the shift to that will bring new dollars into the marketplace, and certainly it will mean we will be counted more. There will be more viewers counted, and then you get beyond that, beyond C7, we have talked about, you know, dynamic ad insertion. Those numbers are growing quite a bit too literally where maybe beyond C7 you get 15%, 20% more viewers, which is another area of potential great growth coming up for us. So the idea is to capture all this, and I think it bodes well for the future.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: And, Mike, on the 20% more hours, obviously, look, we're doing more for CBS, CW, Showtime, as well as All Access. So first, obviously, we want to fill up the pipe as much as we can with our own content. But beyond that, again, we have the capacity to produce for others. And so that's good, they're all going to be profitable for us. So the theory being is the more and more stuff, intellectual property you own, it gives us licensing opportunities, it gives us subscription opportunities, and it gives us advertising opportunities, the three revenue types that drive our future. So it is the best ROI we can have, and so that's what the fuel is and that's why we always say first and foremost we're going to continue to invest in content.
Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC: If I could, if we look at the 20% though, it's a pretty big number for an important part of the business.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Yes.
Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC: But in terms of your ability to increase that productivity, is 20% a run rate number? Is it somewhat unusual? Maybe how should we think about what you could do?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: It's still early, Mike. Again, Star Trek, we're developing those episodes right now for Star Trek. So once All Access gets some more original programming, it will obviously slow down from that 20-plus percent. But again, I do think, again, there's much more capacity to do more because the way it works, there will be a show runner, a writer, a producer. It will be a whole separate team that's doing it. We have to make sure that the outlets are there. So we have much more capacity in there. And again, the financial economics will easily be justified, but just for our own platforms, obviously that will slow down over time. But we're still in the earlier innings of the investment.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: We obviously have a great team of executives, and Joe was saying we can expand our ability to do programming by bringing in producers and writers who are on the outside, and you bring them in, and that happens every year depending on the amount of production you have going on. In addition, on the network side, because of the strength of the international marketplace primarily, and also domestic syndication in SVOD, we can do more original programming during the year. So as reruns don't do quite as well, we plug originals in. And invariably, because of international domestic syndication, they can make money as well. That goes back to our summer strategy where we started producing original dramas, where we hadn't done before and we started with Under the Dome three or four years ago, and they're all profitable. So as part of that uptick in production, it's all profitable.
Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Great, thank you.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thanks, Mike. Let's take the next question.
Operator: We'll go next to Doug Mitchelson with UBS.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks so much, so maybe just a series of quick questions, one by one. First, just to confirm, following up on what Alexia was asking about, I think Turner specifically said that going into 2Q they saw an air pocket in the national TV ad market, then it got better the last few weeks. Scripps today said the scatter market has gotten quite a bit better the last few weeks. Is that the rhythm that you saw, or did you see strength the whole way through?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Doug, it's Joe. Look, I think the demand is there. Again, it's for the content. It's the beachfront property theory. I think we're seeing strong demand across the board, and scatter pricing is up double digits. And so we're seeing that continue. So we even see the slowdown in uptick over here.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: And, Les, this time every year when you figure out what your new schedule is going to look like, you're usually able to give us some visibility on what the entertainment cost growth will be for this schedule in the forward season. Any sense you can give us for next season based on the mix that you've come up with?
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: It's still a little too early. We're still looking at pilots. We haven't even had our first scheduling meeting. I have an idea of three or four of the shows that are going to be slotted in there. But generally speaking, Doug, the amount that we're spending is usually not up very much. It's usually low singles, and we're able to recoup that revenue. So it's not at all a concern.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: And the last question for me, just help with the U.S. syndication market. You mentioned in the press release putting several shows into syndication later in the year. We've gotten some feedback occasionally that the U.S. scatter market  syndication market is a little spotty. I think on this call you've mentioned it's healthy. I just was hoping for more details on the health of the U.S. syndication market right now.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Look, Doug, I just think again we're talking about off-network premium content, first-cycle availabilities, and if you're one of the hundreds of cable networks out there looking for that kind of premium, this is where we fish. And so we're feeling very good about that because again just go back to the business model of what they need. They have very healthy margins, but that stability in scheduling that gives them advertising revenue opportunities, gives them affiliate fee opportunities. So there are a lot of cable network. They talk about originals because that's the sexy thing to do. But their bread and butter is still off-network premium content, and guess what, we have three top shows coming to market later this year.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks so much.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thanks, Doug, next question.
Operator: We'll go next to John Janedis with Jefferies.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. I've got one for Joe, one for Les. Joe, just back to your point around beachfront property, do you think there's a decoupling in ad demand between cable and network television given reach? And where do you think the market is in terms of the shift of demand from digital back to TV? And then for Les, on the programming front, your renewal rate of the primetime lineup has improved over the past couple of years, particularly for new shows and much better than peers. So what's changed in terms of the process? And does that allow for less pilots for the network itself and more modest programming expense growth than what I maybe consider the broader industry is experiencing?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: John, it's Joe. I'll go first. On your question about advertising, I think yes. I think, look, I think you're seeing different tiering packages going on at subs, so for cable nets. And I think the reach will separate the men from the boys, as Les said in his prepared remarks. And again, I think we stand out even more than that. And so I do think there will be a shift of those dollars on where they go to find those eyeballs because again, we'll have more reach just based on the distribution platform of that. And when you start talking about digital, I think obviously that will be competitive with cable. But compared to us, there's obviously going to be a shift, a flight to quality is what the way we like to say it. You know what you're going to get when you have an ad on CBS's schedule. It's that strength and stability, so advertisers should pay a premium for that. And so I think we're seeing lots of instances where I think people are absolutely shifting. We're not saying they're doing it and cutting digital entirely, but clearly a shift of the mix between digital and re-looking at that allocation, if you will, gives us a big opportunity from where we sit.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: John, I've been doing scheduling a long time, and it gives me an advantage of not only looking at this season but looking two, three years out in advance. And this year, you're right. We did less pilots because we picked up 18 shows that are coming back. And that stability allows us to do fewer pilots than most of our competitors, and also target those pilots. In other words, these pilots we sort of know going in where they might go, what could happen with them. Obviously some of them don't work. Some of them are terrible. But the good news is I know right now we have enough to  we're going to be in very good shape come two weeks from yesterday in Carnegie Hall. The planning process has been helpful, knowing what we know, the fact that we picked up those shows a couple of months ago gave us a very good head start and it also, as I said, targeted our pilots. So we only did eight dramas and eight comedies, which is a few less than we normally do. And, as a result, we've been able to control costs in addition to our returning shows, we're able to control costs on them as well by adding or subtracting certain elements to the show.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Thank you.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thanks, John. Next question, please.
Operator: We'll go next to David Miller with Loop Capital Markets.
David W. Miller - Loop Capital Markets LLC: Yes. Hey, guys. Congratulations on the stellar results. Joe, thanks for calling out the scatter kind of bogey there with up double-digits. How does that translate in terms of right now, where is scatter over scatter versus where you were last year? Then I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Yes. It's up slightly, but it's all about, David, the upfront. The season is essentially over. We're sitting here May 4. It's over in a couple of weeks. So this is all about negotiating with advertisers about the upfront. So I think again, when we look back at the scatter, I think everyone would say the broadcast year, scatter was very strong. That's what leads us to believe that the upfront marketplace should be very strong. Because, remember, when they're buying in the upfront, they're buying at a discount to what they just were buying this month.
David W. Miller - Loop Capital Markets LLC: Yes. Right. Right. Okay. And then, Les, I could very well be wrong here in this assumption, but I get the sense that there's somewhat of a friendly debate going on within CBS about what you guys may want to do about the Thursday night football package, given that you have one more season left. I obviously understand the promotional mojo associated with the package. That being said, it does feel like the rights costs associated with the package are inordinately high. And I'm wondering, what has to happen for you to feel good about renewing the package and when do you think you'd make that decision? Thanks a lot.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Our Thursday night package, as I mentioned, is significantly stronger. It's frankly, the strongest one we've had in a number of years, and scheduling-wise it came in the first five weeks of the season, and we really like the hand we were dealt this year.
David W. Miller - Loop Capital Markets LLC: Yes.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Yes, yes, it is costly. However, we're anticipating that we want it to go on. We would be interested in renewing it. The NFL is still the best game in town, as you said. It adds all sorts of other things to a network lineup. Look at what NBC would be without Sunday night football and Thursday night football. It helps an awful lot to have that in primetime taken care of week-after-week. So we hope to continue. We love our relationship with the NFL and we'd like to renew it.
David W. Miller - Loop Capital Markets LLC: Okay, thank you very much.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thank you, David. Next question, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Laura Martin with Needham & Company.
Laura Martin - Needham & Co. LLC: Hi, guys. Maybe a couple digital questions. So one of the things you said in your prepared remarks, Les, is that you're ahead of the 8 million combined subs by 2020, and at the same moment you announced that you're going to bundle together for the first time Showtime OTT and CBS All Access. So can you talk about the economics of that and if you're already ahead of your goals, why would you presumably price discount by bundling the two together?
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: We are ahead of our goals and we said we have two terrific offerings here. Why not put them out together? They will be discounted, but not a great deal. Not a great deal. It just makes sense. It just makes sense to have them there together, and they're both topnotch products and it's not about pricing as much as convenience.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Yes. And, Laura, I would just add, obviously you talk about churn. That's what you've got to think. It reduces churn. So it's really, again, we're looking at net effective, not just the consumer who just comes and then leaves. We're looking that as a longer term where there's something in it for everybody, so you stay longer with the package. So we reduced churn that has a tremendous amount of value.
Laura Martin - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then moving philosophically to Facebook and Snap. These guys are basically saying, because we cover both, they really want to do rev share for the premium content companies. And philosophically, how do you feel about doing rev share for premium content on these massive, young, skewing young platforms that are digital and global?
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: I think obviously we have to look at it. We have to look at it. It depends what the rev share is, and it would be silly of us to ignore Facebook and Snapchat and the way they want to do business. And we are opening to considering it. Once again, they do need premium content and that's what we do provide and we are open to any sort of deal.
Laura Martin - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay, that's interesting. And then my last thing, I don't know if you're willing to give us this. You guys have now had the ad-free CBS All Access for some time. So we put in print that no one's going to pick that up. Are we wrong, Les? Does anybody actually picked up  like, are they paying to skip ads on CBS All Access?
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Oh, yes. Oh, yes. There's a decent percentage that is doing it. It's $4 difference a month, but we're seeing some success with it. We're seeing some success with it. It's considerably less than 50%, but there are people that like it. You know, it's still only $9.99. We still think it's a very, very valid product for $9.99 ad-free.
Laura Martin - Needham & Co. LLC: And you do keep a really good track of your demos. Like you said that one of your products, the news product, was 20 years younger. What is the demo on the CBS All Access these days, in terms of compared to the CBS primetime?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Yes. No, it tracks like news, Laura. It's about 20 years younger. It's almost 50-50 male female. So again, it's starting to replicate broad appeal, and that's why  that's will drive the programming strategy as well.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Yes. We're still  once again when we got football, obviously we will get somewhat more male. Star Trek will bring us even younger. The Good Fight was older more female. So all these things once again we're learning a lot.
Laura Martin - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. Perfect. Thanks, guys. Very helpful. Thanks.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Thank you, Laura.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Thank you.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Steven Cahall with RBC.
Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yes. Thank you. First on advertising, I was just wondering if you could talk about the opportunity to deliver targeted advertising, particularly whether you're on Hulu or YouTube or on All Access through the inventory that they're going to have or just through the advance of technology into digital. We have heard that's like a 20% higher CPM, so maybe when can we expect that to be a reasonable amount of ad inventory? And then secondly on the broadcast side, you talked about being disciplined in terms of looking at the market in terms of station M&A. Is there any point where you might see consolidation to a point where you need to do something defensive? I think we've seen one of your peers possibly have to think about that. So if the cap were to, say, go to 50%, is that something you have to think about? Thank you.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: I'll answer the second question first, and  we don't view that. Look, these stations, the majority of their money is made by network content. It's still the best game in town. Once again, you're talking about a place where there is a battle over affiliates of a specific network group. We view the stations as a very profitable business. We like the business. If there is an opportunity for us to get something that makes sense for us, it is okay. But we don't feel a need to go out and acquire a large station group. Once again, they still have to come to us for our content. We still have the NFL. We still have Big Bang Theory. We still have NCIS. We still have 60 Minutes. So as this consolidation goes on, we're watching it with interest. We wouldn't mind owning more stations, but only if it's cost effective.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: And, Steve, on your advertising question, yes, look, I think digital, it provides us an opportunity to grow our advertising revenue. And obviously we laid that out a little bit in  on one of our pillars, and so the more targeted you can be on these digital platforms, you get younger, right, you get more data about that real specific kind of point-of-purchase stuff. So obviously there should be a CPM increase, and we can just debate is 20% the right number or not, but I think again it positions us for even further growth, which again gives us confidence that we're going  we have larger audience targeted to more specific younger demos. So that  I don't know. That feels like upside to me.
Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: All right. Thanks, Steve. Gwen, let's take one final question.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. Since we're sort of on the topic of Fox, if Fox and Blackstone actually win Tribune, Les, how do you feel about Fox more or less owning or running CBS affiliates? And then I guess somewhat related to this, has there been a situation where CBS has denied a transfer of the CBS affiliation between station groups?
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Number one, we don't have a lot of Tribune stations. CBS stations are Tribune, so if Fox buys it, they can come to our affiliate meeting and they'll have a very good time there. They'll be very welcomed. I'll have Rupert up on stage with me. It'll be fine. So it won't affect us at all. We have never blocked a station sale from going through. We have negotiated when we had the opportunity, when some of the contracts said they had to negotiate. Although those usually aren't in contracts anymore because of what the marketplace is. But we deal with affiliates across the board and if we continue to do what we're doing, we see how much money stations are making, we know they are delivering back to us part of that money that they're getting in retrans, in reverse comp, but we also know they're dealing with great margins because of us. So anybody who buys stations, big, small, we are happy to be in business, and I think they're very pleased with being a CBS affiliate.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thank you, Marci, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-15 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Adam Townsend - CBS Corp. Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp. Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.
Analysts: Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Instinet Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC John Janedis - Jefferies LLC David W. Miller - Loop Capital Markets LLC Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Tim Nollen - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Laura Martin - Needham & Co. LLC Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CBS Corporation Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Earnings Release Teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President of Corporate Finance and Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thank you, Noah. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2016 earnings call. Joining us with today's remarks are Leslie Moonves, our Chairman and CEO; and Joe Ianniello, our Chief Operating Officer. Following Les and Joe's discussion of the company's performance, we will open the call up to questions. Please note that during today's conference call the fourth quarter and full year 2016 results and prior period comparisons will be discussed on an adjusted basis, unless otherwise specified. Also, I'd like to highlight that due to the previously announced Radio transaction, we are presenting the Radio segment as discontinued operations which excludes results from  revenue and operating income metrics. This presentation differs from the analyst consensus which still includes Radio in these metrics. However, adjusted EPS is comparable. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found in our earnings release or on our website. Also, statements on this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's SEC filings. A webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can be found on the Investors section of our website at cbscorporation.com. And with that, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Les.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Thank you, Adam, and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'm extremely pleased to tell you that we turned in another great quarter and another terrific year for CBS Corporation. For the fourth quarter, we delivered record profit, with operating income up 10% to $733 million and EPS up 21% to $1.11, also a record. For the year, revenue was up 4% to $13.2 billion, an all-time high. Operating income was up 12% to $2.9 billion, also an all-time high, and EPS was up 24% to $4.11, breaking $4 for the first time in our company's history and marking our seventh straight year and 28th consecutive quarter of EPS growth. This kind of year demonstrates the performance you've come to expect from us and that we continue to deliver day-in and day-out year after year. Across every division, we're operating with distinction, building our businesses for the future and transforming our company to capitalize on faster growth. Let me tell you just a few of the actions we've taken recently along these lines. First, as you know, we just announced that we are separating our Radio business through a tax-free merger with Entercom. This will reduce our dependency on advertising to just 45% of our total revenue. Remember, just a few short years ago, that number was greater than 70%. Since then, we have told you of our goal to get our revenue ratio down to 50/50, and like many of our goals, we have surpassed it. And the 55% of our revenue that is non-advertising is growing faster all the time. Already here in 2017, we have done three separate but related deals to accelerate that part of our business. Each one represents a different kind of distribution and together they are representative of the many ways we are getting paid for our content. I am pleased to announce today that one of those deals is with Verizon, one is with Meredith Broadcasting and one is with Hulu. First, in the traditional retrans area, we have a brand new deal with Verizon. It covers our CBS and CW stations, Showtime and Cable Networks, and was done on terms that are consistent with our long-term target of achieving $2.5 billion of annual retrans and reverse comp revenue by 2020. The next form of distribution deal was in reverse comp where we signed an extension with Meredith Broadcasting, one of our largest affiliate groups. This represents our continuing goal of getting paid more from our affiliates with every deal that we do. What's also significant here is that the agreement includes rights for our affiliates to participate in CBS All Access, bringing local CBS over-the-top to more and more markets. In addition, as we construct deals with many skinny bundles now coming on the scene, we are the only company to incorporate the network affiliate business model in these deals. By doing this, affiliates can get paid for their local live linear feed of CBS and we can benefit from all the programming we provide as well. And the third area of distribution, we have also recently struck a deal with Hulu for their upcoming live streaming TV service. This is significant because it represents all of the new skinny bundle entrants who are paying a premium to gain access to our content. These three deals: Verizon, Meredith and Hulu, give us increased flexibility as we move ahead in this evolving distribution landscape. As people shift from one way of watching to another, we will be there receiving ever increasing value for our content. These three developments are on top of what was already a tremendous story for us in retrans and reverse comp. In 2016, we grew this revenue source by 35%, surpassing $1 billion for the first time a full year ahead of schedule. And remember, our skinny bundle deals like the one we just said with Hulu are in addition to that total. At the same time, our in-house OTT subscription services are also exceeding our expectations and 2017 is poised to be a phenomenal year. At Showtime, we have the legendary Twin Peaks returning in May, which will no doubt continue to drive OTT subscribers for us. More on that later. And at CBS All Access, in terms of sub growth, we just had our best quarter ever followed by our best month ever in January, followed by our best day ever for signups this past Sunday driven by CBS's broadcast of the Grammys. In December, we added NFL to the All Access for the first time and it helped boost subs dramatically. We look forward to benefiting from a full 17-week season this fall. And all of this success has been before we have even launched a single original scripted show in All Access. This Sunday, we will launch our first one with The Good Fight. This show has already been extraordinarily well received by the critics and fans who have seen it in previews. If you like The Good Wife you'll be happy and for those who like to see and hear a little bit more on the Internet, then you can on broadcast television, you'll be happy to. We also have our real big gun coming soon with Star Trek: Discovery. Production has begun, and all I can say is I'm very pleased with what I'm seeing and I'm confident the show will live long and prosper. So to say we are on pace for 4 million subs each at CBS All Access and Showtime OTT is probably a gross understatement. 2017 is also shaping up to be very good for us in content licensing. Three of our hit series NCIS: New Orleans, Scorpion and Madam Secretary will all become available to the domestic syndication market this year. And these shows, along with our others, will continue to benefit from new multiplatform opportunities and an international marketplace that is stronger than ever. This includes another deal we just announced this week to license our CBS and Showtime content to Japan's leading premium pay-TV provider, WOWOW. Yes, I said that, WOWOW. When you couple these fast growing revenue sources with underlying strength of our base business, you can see why we're very excited about the year ahead. In fact, even though we'll be comping against 2016's Super Bowl and political advertising, we still expect to grow our top and bottom lines in 2017. Of course, at the center of all the success is our content. From CBS to Showtime, to the CW and beyond, producing and distributing valuable programming assets is what we do best and is at the heart of our strategy. The number one platform for this is the CBS Television Network which continues to produce the most-watched programming in the universe of more than 200 television channels. We are once again on track to win the season which will be the 14th time in 15 years and the ninth straight year in a row, and we're winning by a lot. We're averaging more than 10 million viewers per night in primetime. That's not only millions ahead of our competition in broadcast, it's multiples ahead of any cable network. In fact, CBS averages about 1 million viewers more than the top four cable networks combined, and we average about 4 million viewers ahead of the top six cable news networks combined. We're able to do this year in and year out, thanks to the broad-based strength of our schedule where success breeds success. We have established hits including the number one drama, NCIS, and the number one comedy, Big Bang Theory, which by the way we are very, very close to renewing for two more years. And we have new hits, too, including the number one new drama, Bull, and the top four new comedies on television with Kevin Can Wait, Superior Donuts, The Great Indoors and Man With A Plan. Just to give you an example of our strength, this past week, yes, we had the Grammys, but we also had the top seven programs in network television and 16 of the top 20 shows. Most significant, in this 20 are six brand new shows from our schedule, and by the way, we own every single one of those shows. So we are refilling the pipeline with program that we can monetize across platforms for many, many years. This is important because consumers are increasingly finding new ways to watch our shows. In fact, when you count all viewers on all platforms, we have bigger audiences today than we did more than a decade ago. This is true with our big events, with our sports franchises and our news programming, and it's true with our regularly scheduled primetime shows as well. Fully measuring and monetizing the value of every single viewer represents terrific upside for us, whether it's Nielsen's new Total Audience measurement ratings or any new measurement system, one thing you can count on is that we will get there, and the revenue will be significant. We also have a great story in late night. We have The Late Show with Stephen Colbert that has been building momentum and for the second straight week has been the most watched show in late night. I believe they will win this week as well, and it will be a third straight week, and online streaming of Stephen's Late Show is up more than 70% this season across cbs.com, YouTube and other digital platforms. Meanwhile, James Corden is fresh off his latest hosting gig with the Grammys which pulled in more than 26 million viewers, its highest number in three years, and James continues to be a sensation online as well. His Carpool Karaoke segment with Adele was the number one trending video clip on YouTube for all of 2016, and our new Carpool Karaoke series will premiere this spring on Apple which will be their first original video programming. So late night is clearly a reenergized and exciting day part for us right now, delivering 10% growth in advertising in 2016 and continued growth here in 2017. Another area where advertising growth is following ratings growth is CBS News. During this quarter, CBS This Morning delivered its most viewers in nearly three decades, leading the way to 16% overall revenue growth across the division. CBS Sunday Morning and Face the Nation also recorded their most viewers in almost 30 years, and nearly 50 years in, 60 Minutes is the only primetime news program that routinely lands in Nielsen's top 10, including finishing in second place just a couple of weeks ago behind only our NCIS. We're also extremely excited that the incomparable Oprah Winfrey will join 60 Minutes this fall. This will be a terrific match and will ensure the continued dominance of 60 Minutes among all of the news programs on television. In addition to high ratings on air, we've seen dramatic growth at CBS News online as well. Total streams in 2016 more than tripled 2015. And during this quarter, we had a record 90 million streams because obviously of what was going on in the country, which is 50% above our previous record from the third quarter. At CBS Sports, this is always an exciting time of year for us as we get ready for March Madness. And it's especially true this year when the Final Four and Championship game all are on CBS. In terms of the NFL, I'm pleased to say that we saw ratings improvement towards the end of the season. Clearly, this has been a hot button issue across the industry. It does bear repeating that the NFL is the premier property in all of media, and we feel very good about our long-term partnership. It's also fair to say that this season's decline as well as having three fewer Thursday Night Football games affected our advertising revenue. The good news is with that behind us, overall underlying network advertising is now accelerating here in the first quarter. At Showtime, it was another very successful year. We grew subscribers in 2016 over 2015 and in the fourth quarter over the third. As I said before, we are seeing a very positive reaction to our OTT offering, which is now growing faster than we have seen with any prior distribution model and which features better economics as well. And looking ahead, we will continue to strengthen Showtime by strategically scheduling our original programming throughout the full calendar year. For example, we moved this season's debut of Shameless from January to October. And despite all that was going on in the world this fall, it had its most-watched season ever. And in January, we launched season six of Homeland, which had its highest rated premiere yet and led Showtime to its biggest monthly increase in OTT subs. Up ahead, we have a steady stream of original programs that will continue to drive sub growth. It starts this Sunday with season two of Billions, followed by three new shows between now and May, Guerrilla, which stars Idris Elba; I'm Dying Up Here from comedian Jim Carrey and, of course the return of Twin Peaks. And we have an ownership in all three of these new shows, just as we do with Billions. So like the CBS Television Network, Showtime continues to add to its stable of original series that we can license around the world well into the future. In Publishing, Simon & Schuster had a terrific year doing what it does best, growing its library of bestsellers. In 2016, we had 277 New York Times bestsellers, up from 249 in the prior year. And we had 33 number ones, which is also ahead of 2015. Leading the way, of course, was Born to Run by Bruce Springsteen, which was our top-selling title for all of 2016. And we have a strong slate ahead in 2017 including books from Stephen King, Mary Higgins Clark, Nelson DeMille and Dr. Oz. Turning to Local Media, our major market television stations are playing a bigger and bigger role in our success, thanks to retransmission fees and now revenue from skinny bundles as well. At the same time, the traditional business of our stations also had a tremendous year, including record-setting political spending. And 2017 has begun very strongly, led by outstanding local sales for the Grammys, which is now up 70% over the last six years. That's very good news because we recently signed the Grammys for 10 more years. And also locally, we benefited from the AFC Championship Game, which featured New England and Pittsburgh, two markets where we own stations and collect both national and local ad revenue. So as we begin 2017 and look out into 2018, I am extremely confident about where we are and where we're going. Our base businesses are performing just as they should, and our fast-growing revenue drivers are ahead of schedule. And it bears repeating that we have reduced our dependency on advertising to 45% of our company's revenue. This has been a goal for years and it means you can count on our revenue to be more stable and predictable. As we've said, we have a plan for 2020 that is both conservative and eye-popping, and when we commit to a plan, we deliver. Across our company, we're creating the content that people want and maximizing its value at every turn. No other company is better positioned to take advantage of the opportunities in media than we are. We have the content, we have the strategy, the leadership to capitalize on the constant change going on in our business. And as we take action and seize these opportunities, we will continue to deliver on our commitment to shareholders. Thank you, again, for joining us. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Joe.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Thanks, Les, and good afternoon, everyone. As you heard, CBS delivered extremely strong results for the quarter and the year. For the fourth quarter, we grew our operating income by 10% and our EPS by 21%. And for the year, we grew our operating income by 12% and our EPS by 24%. So we are consistently demonstrating outstanding operating leverage. What's even more impressive is that we are achieving these results while increasing our investment in content, and there's more to come. Last year, we laid out a plan to generate significant new, incremental high-margin revenue, and we feel even better about those opportunities today. Add to that the deal we just announced two weeks ago to separate out our Radio business, which I'll tell you more about soon, and we are now better positioned than ever to take advantage of our content-first strategy. Now, let me give you some more details about our fourth quarter results. Revenue for the fourth quarter came in at $3.52 billion compared with $3.59 billion in Q4 of 2015. And I want to pause here to remind you of what Adam said at the top that Radio results are excluded from revenue and operating income metrics and are presented as discontinued operations. Total company advertising revenue was down 3% due to three fewer Thursday Night Football games from 2015 as well as nine fewer hours of primetime programming that were preempted by our election coverage. The NFL ratings that you heard about also affected our underlying network advertising, which was down 2% for the fourth quarter. However, for the full year, underlying network advertising was up more than 3%, with strong demand throughout 2016. And in local advertising, we had a record-setting year with fourth quarter political spending up 25% over the last presidential election. Content licensing and distribution for the fourth quarter decreased to $893 million from 2015 when we had a significant international licensing sale of our entire Showtime portfolio as well as a domestic streaming sale of one of our original Showtime series. Looking ahead to 2017, we expect a stronger year for content licensing based on our pipeline of content availabilities. Affiliate and subscription fee revenue continued its growth trajectory during the quarter and was up 13%, with retrans and reverse comp up 25%. In addition, as you heard, our over-the-top subscription services, CBS All Access and Showtime OTT, are growing rapidly; a trend that we expect to continue. Also for the fourth quarter, operating income was up 10% to $733 million, driven by healthy increases in our high-margin revenue sources as well as record political advertising. And our operating income margin expanded to 230 basis points to 21%. Net earnings for the quarter were up 9% to $476 million and EPS was up 21% to $1.11 for the quarter, and as you heard, an all-time high. As previously noted, our fourth quarter results were adjusted for a few nonrecurring items. First, we opportunistically reduced the size of our pension plan obligation by offering certain employees a lump sum distribution. This was a great use of pension assets. It reduced our potential liability by over 10% and it de-risked future obligations. As a result, we took a one-time accounting charge in the quarter. We also took out costs across the company, leading to restructuring charges of $30 million which will have a one-year payback. And in connection with our Radio transaction, we wrote down the Radio book value to current fair market value based on accounting rules. Now, let's turn to our operating segments. Entertainment revenue for the fourth quarter came in at $2.39 billion compared with $2.46 billion in 2015. Advertising was affected by three fewer NFL games and nine fewer hours of primetime programming that we just mentioned. At the same time, retrans and reverse comp continued to grow strongly, and CBS All Access had another terrific quarter as well. Entertainment operating income for the fourth quarter came in at $371 million, up 7%, driven by our growth of our high margin revenue as well as lower sports programming costs. And our Entertainment operating income margin expanded 140 basis points to 15.5%. At our Cable Networks segment, revenue for the fourth quarter was $501 million compared with $562 million in 2015 when we had the licensing deals we just told you about. And for the year, Showtime grew subs by 3% and affiliate revenue by 5%, driven by our more profitable OTT business model. Similar to CBS retrans, as existing Showtime affiliates' contracts expire, we expect to reset those contracts to reflect the fair market value of our Showtime portfolio. Cable Networks operating income was $219 million for the fourth quarter compared with $228 million in 2015. Our Cable Networks operating income margin expanded three points to 44% due to lower costs from the timing of our series premieres. In Publishing, revenue for the fourth quarter came in at $209 million, down 10% from 2015, which included a bestseller from Stephen King. Audiobooks continued to grow strongly and were up 20% in the fourth quarter. Publishing operating income of $36 million for the fourth quarter was up 6%, driven by lower production costs, and our Publishing operating income margin expanded more than 200 basis points to 17%. Our Local Media segment had a terrific fourth quarter with revenue up 16% to $526 million. The increase was driven by record political spending and strong growth in retrans at our local TV stations. And our Local Media operating income was up 45% during the fourth quarter to $216 million, once again driven by growth in high margin revenue, and the operating income margin expanded eight points to 41%. Now, let me give you an update on our Radio transaction. As you heard, we announced a deal to merge CBS Radio with Entercom following a tax free split-off, and the transaction is expected to close during the second half of 2017. CBS shareholders who participate in this split-off will own 72% of the combined company which will have best-in-class assets and will clearly be the best capitalized radio company in the industry. The combined Radio business will benefit from increased scale, stronger cash flow and real operational synergies which should drive higher profitability. The new company will also have the ability to pay an attractive dividend. This is a great transaction for CBS. It will further diversify our revenue mix while also increasing our overall growth rates, and it will allow us to retire more shares of our stock through an exchange offer. Speaking of retiring shares, during the fourth quarter, we used some of the proceeds we received from the CBS Radio debt issuance to repurchase $1.5 billion of our stock, just as we told you we would. So for all of 2016, we repurchased $3 billion of our stock, retiring more than 54 million shares. Here in 2017, we can expect another solid year of capital returns for shareholders, including the impact of the Radio transaction we just highlighted, a continuation of our ongoing share buyback program and our ongoing dividend that we recently increased by 20% to $0.18 per share per quarter. Collectively, this will represent a meaningful percentage of our equity market cap. Returning excess value to shareholder remains important to us, but as always, our number one priority, which we are consistently doing year in and year out is to reinvest in our businesses, specifically in the creation and distribution of premium content. Turning to cash flow on our balance sheet, for 2016, free cash flow came in at $1.25 billion, up 22%, driven by growth in retrans and reverse comp as well as higher advertising revenue, and we ended 2016 with $598 million of cash on hand. Now, let me tell you what we see ahead in 2017 for our key revenue types. Network scatter pricing continues to be robust in the first quarter and is up more than 20% over up-front levels, and underlying Local Media revenue is pacing to be up low single digits. As you heard, in content licensing and distribution, we have three hit shows that can go into domestic syndication this year, NCIS: New Orleans, Scorpion, Madam Secretary. Together, these shows represent more than 200 episodes of programming. In addition, the competition for premium content continues to intensify internationally. So we see strong demand for both our CBS series as well as our entire Showtime portfolio. In affiliate and subscription fees, we are continuing on our path of steady and strong growth. As Les said, we surpassed $1 billion in retrans and reverse comp for the first time in 2016. And in 2017, we expect retrans and reverse comp to be up about 25% from last year as we continue to reset contracts as they expire. So we are well on our way towards achieving our goal of $2.5 billion from these sources by 2020. In addition, we expect our over-the-top services to continue to be a bigger contributor to our results. Just to give you some perspective, less than a year ago, we laid out our 2020 goal of reaching 8 million subscribers for CBS All Access and Showtime OTT combined. Last summer, we told you that together, our OTT services in total had already surpassed 2 million subscribers. Since then, we have continued to grow our subs nicely and we haven't even hit our programming stride yet. And as we sit here today with four years to go and less than 6 million subs to achieve our goal, it appears that our goal may have been too conservative. Another opportunity we feel great about is the skinny bundle. Les told you about our digital MVPD deal with Hulu and others. I can add that based on agreements we have already signed today, we think this growth area could be even bigger than what we initially outlined for you. So in summary, we are less than 12 months into our five-year growth plan and we've already executed on a number of proof points that validate our strategy. And after we complete our Radio transaction, we will be focused on a few key brands that will center around our content creation, which in turn will allow us to accelerate our growth rates and drive incremental profitability in the years ahead. So it was a great quarter and a great year, and we are confident that the opportunities that are ahead of us are significant and the best is yet to come. And with that, Noah, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our first question today from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good afternoon. I wanted to ask Les a couple questions on the retrans MVPD front and then I just have a quick cash flow question for Joe. Les, I think this Hulu agreement is an important data point as we think about this year and sort of beyond. Can you talk a little bit about, first, the stacking rights and how you thought about those in the context of your agreement with Hulu? I know those are important rights in driving All Access. So did you have to sacrifice any of those to get the Hulu deal done or give up anything on rate to get that in exchange for those? And then second, how might this template be used with DIRECTV where I believe you are still not on that service? And any update on that relationship would be helpful. Thank you.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Yes. Thanks, Ben. We signed a deal with Hulu. There are no stacking rights included in that. Stacking remains with All Access, which makes it much more attractive to the people using All Access. It was a very good deal for us economically. Obviously, for Hulu it was good because it completes the cycle of their ownership plus us are the major players. We are very happy with the economic deal and the terms of it. Yes, you're right, we have not yet struck a deal with DIRECT. We've got a deal with Verizon, we've got a deal with Hulu and other people. So we are still anticipating conversations and hopefully we come to a good resolution with them as well.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. And, Joe, just on free cash flow, can you just talk about the outlook for 2017 either directionally do you expect it to grow, or any comments around working capital that you could help us with? And generally as you spin off or split off Radio, what are your thoughts on leverage? How should we be thinking about your appetite for leverage? What's the range you guys are comfortable with?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Yeah, thanks, Ben. Look, obviously we don't have the Super Bowl from a cash flow perspective in 2017. And as we said in our remarks, we're investing in content. We're probably spending 18% more than just a couple of years ago. So for instance, obviously Star Trek, The Good Fight, that's the best use of capital for us. Those returns, all of that revenue that we will get, all that cash flow comes later, so that will be building. So I think again, we look at that only as timing, Ben. This is the best use of capital for us is to have another hit owned series, and those returns on that are significantly better than any other use of our cash. So that's a priority for us, so you should assume we'll continue to do that. Obviously, Radio throws off cash flow and will be smaller, but obviously our share count will be down as well. So we're going to look at leverage holistically. We're improving the predictability and stability of our cash flow, and because the growth rates are growing much faster, I think we replace the Radio cash flow in short order. So I think again, we're going to be very opportunistic as we've been, but always be prudent with our balance sheet.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you both.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Thank you.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thanks, Ben. Let's go to the next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. I have two completely separate questions. One is just on NFL and the ratings volatility you saw this year. You mentioned that plus the fewer games impacted advertising. Can you just talk about how you are going to approach the advertising sales for the 2017/2018 season? And then I have a different question.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Look, obviously, there's been a lot of conversations about the NFL and the ratings, and clearly there was improvement after the election was over. That was one of the factors. The good news is the playoffs did extremely well for us, so we made up for that. And as we said, we had fewer games. So going into next year, we plan it  as I said before, it's still the best content on television. I'm still happy we have our Sunday football and our Thursday night packages, and Jo Ann and her team are planning on selling it aggressively as we always do. The fact that it was down this year is not really going to affect that.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. I mean it didn't seem like it really affected it that much. And then completely different topic, but there has been tons of speculation about distributors interested in owning some of the content companies and you are probably the most attractive of the independent content companies. Do you feel like you will create more value being aligned with a major wireless company or do you feel like you have a stronger hand remaining independent?
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Look, we've always said we are self-contained and we are very strong and we like our position. Thank you for calling us very attractive. We feel that way too. Obviously, the wireless companies as well as the Silicon Valley companies are all looking at the content companies as being very valuable. They're all trying to get into the content business. But we feel very secure in who we are and we're going to continue to play the game that way.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Thank you.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thanks, Jessica. Let's take the next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony DiClemente with Nomura Instinet.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Instinet: Good afternoon and thanks for taking my questions. I have one for Les and one or two for Joe. Les, international content licensing, this is one of the four pillars that you talked about at the Analyst Day. And I just want to ask about that because I feel like it got maybe a little less airplay in your prepared remarks. So that goal of $800 million incrementally by 2020, how is CBS pacing there? Is the demand internationally strong enough to support that goal? I mean, I acknowledge this year you have a tough comp in terms of last year's big sale internationally of Star Trek to Netflix. So I'd love to hear about that pillar. And then for Joe, just want to clarify, have you guys said what the number of Showtime OTT subs are? I think it came out that it's 1.5 million but just wanted to clarify? And then in terms of Showtime, I am actually curious whether the pace of that OTT sub growth, is that offsetting cord shaving from traditional MVPDs? And along those lines, if you kind of exclude the 1.5 million, if that's the right number from OTT, are core traditional Showtime subs also growing or what's the trajectory there? Thanks.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Yeah, Anthony, on the international front, yeah, we are well on pace to beat that number. We have a lot more content going on. You referred to Star Trek. Once again, All Access is a brand new service that's going to have more and more programming. As you know, we've increased our summer programming, and our ownership continues to go up both at CBS and Showtime. In addition, the international marketplace is really on fire because of all the new SVOD players that are out there. Suddenly, we're finding in markets there's so much more competition, so the numbers continue to go up strongly. We didn't dwell on it a lot in our prepared remarks only because it continues to do extraordinarily well. You referred, you know, the Star Trek number was incredible from Netflix. There's a lot of competition out there. We're getting second and third cycles on shows, so we're very comfortable with that number and beyond.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: And, Anthony, it's Joe. We haven't officially said the Showtime sub numbers. Obviously, we said over a million and we said we're growing to 4 million, so I think you can kind of do the math from here to there and make some assumptions. But again, we're telling you today we are more pleased than we were at our Investor Day, and we haven't, again, really started getting that murderers' row of content that Showtime is beginning to release. So we're feeling very good. And really, again, what's driving that is the consumer. It's the demand. That's the way they want to consume content. It on-the-go via broadband, wherever they want. They want access to it and they're willing to pay for that. And I think that's a demand we're satisfying and the opportunity could be bigger. As far as the overall sub growth, I would say it's additive. I think what we're seeing here is the base business has some puts and takes between maybe satellite and cable and telco and stuff, so a little jockeying around from subs, but overall, we don't see that deteriorating much. And again  so a lot of this growth is coming from households that are broadband-only, and again, we'll continue to grow. So I think we'll see and play it all out. But again, we couldn't be more optimistic about the opportunity.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Instinet: Okay. Thank you very much.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Great. Thanks, Anthony. Let's take the next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Thank you. My question is also on over-the-top, really on both CBS All Access and Showtime over-the-top. How should we think about the incremental margin? And what should we think about in terms of subscriber acquisition cost or payment to your affiliates for those incremental subs? And then just a follow-up  kind of a follow-up on Anthony's question as well. When you look at the growth, the tremendous growth you are seeing in CBS All Access, should we assume that it's also sort of coming mostly from broadband-only homes?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Yeah, Alexia, it's Joe. Look, the answer is, I think, you should assume it's accretive to our margin. Our overall margin for 2016 is 22%. I think, again, when we laid out our plan at our Investor Day, we thought we could be generating $800 million of incremental revenue. And again, I think you should think about that as margin accretive. Obviously, we're building the foundation today by producing those shows like Star Trek and Twin Peaks and some from a cash perspective, but we see that continuing to grow. And yes, I would say again the CBS All Access you should see that as, again, as incremental because, again, the traditional ecosystem really isn't changing with that. I think again, you know, just look at Netflix, Hulu and others, there are tens of millions of incremental subscribers out in the marketplace that are consuming content. So I think it's the form of distribution that's satisfying that appetite. And again, stay-tuned, because I think there's more to come.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thanks, Alexia. Let's take the next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Mitchelson with UBS.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: Oh, thanks so much. I've got a few; I will just ask them one at a time. Following up on Alexia  well, first, Joe and Les, you both suggested the 8 million subscriber goal for CBS and Showtime OTT services might be too conservative, so what might be a better goal?
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Yeah, we're  above 8 million. It's hard to say. As Joe said earlier, we said we're pacing above where we thought we would be. We haven't even introduced the original content on All Access, so we're confident it's going to be above the 8 million. We're not willing to give you a number today.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah. The follow-up to Alexia's question, Joe, is just to pin you down, now that you have some scale, is the economics of OTT as good as you hoped? I get it's margin accretive, I get it's lots of incremental revenue. But relative to what you thought going in, churn management, billing, customer service, all that, is the economics as good as you hoped?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Yeah, absolutely. I think it's exactly spot-on. I think we're managing it that way. I think we have an ad-free product out in the marketplace as well. I think we price that right. So I think again, Doug, we're serving an appetite and I think that's critical. I think the consumer, the average demographic, the average age of that is much, much younger, it's sticky and again, the theory is we always have something coming. So with the library CBS has, with the original programming strategy, the big tent-pole live events, I mean again we look at that opportunity and we say, how big can big be, to your point. And look, 8 million subs is $800 million and each 1 million of subs is an incremental $100 million, which is meaningful to us. So we are laser focused on that opportunity, but this is playing out better than we had hoped.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: And then last question, Les. A little bit of angst out there in the ad market right now and cancellation options, I think, for 2Q are up just slightly, not much. You are saying scatter pricing is good. How would you describe the health of the ad market? Is the volume there? It's sort of too early to ping you on the upfront, but just...
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: You know what? Our cancellations, I haven't gotten the call from my salespeople, so this is the first I'm hearing that they're slightly up. Maybe you're talking to the wrong network. No. So anyway, yes, scatter is strong. Once again, it's too early to predict pricing on the upfront, but we are anticipating another strong upfront. It's still the best game in town and we're  I'm optimistic.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Thanks, Doug.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thanks, Doug. Let's take the next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Morris with Guggenheim Securities.
Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Hi. Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. Two topics, one on retransmission and one on All Access. I'm hoping you can help us a little bit with the trajectory of how to be thinking about retransmission renewals over the next couple years. Can you help us with what percentage of your subscriber base you expect to renew over the next one to two years? And as you enter into these deals, are we still seeing significant year one step-ups as you keep moving towards your targets or are we in a place now where you are seeing sort of smoother unit pricing growth over the course of the contracts? And then second, on All Access, I am curious, clearly, it's very rich with your owned content. Would you envision a scenario where you may license some content to continue to bolster the offering there? Thanks.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: I'll take the second question. At the moment, the economics work much better as it does for the CBS network that we own it. Obviously, we will look at everything and if there's an attractive coproduction opportunity, we will look at that as well. And I think what we've proven at CBS is we're very flexible to make deals. We're deal makers, we like content and if there is an ability to do that and put it on All Access at the moment, it's solely owned content but that could change in the future.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: And, Mike, on your retrans question, here's what I  about 33% of our footprint expires over the next 24 months, so between 2017, 2018. So we get a chance to reset that. Look, they're still catching up because the marketplace has  obviously has moved. So I would say, again, that first year is generally a much higher step-up than the out years. But as importantly, I want to make sure you also focus on the reverse comp portion of that because, again, that's two-thirds of the country. And there we have about 26% of our footprint coming up in the next two years, so you can expect to see similar or even bigger increases there. So again, we gave you the $1 billion, we gave you $2.5 billion, we told you we're going to be up 25%. So I think we've been pretty specific on what we're  where this revenue is headed.
Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Great. Thank you, guys.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thanks, Mike. Let's take the next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Janedis with Jefferies.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Thank you. Les, you have been rightly bullish on the global licensing opportunity. And I guess with the domestic landscape evolving, can you talk about to what extent the domestic buyer will be different in the future? You have gone from typically one to multiple buyers and with some potential cable buyers under pressure, I was wondering if there's anything to call out there.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: It's very interesting. You point out something very interesting in that our off-network product initially went to cable, then it went to the SVOD players, then it went to both. And I think on each show that we do, we sort of do a different analysis. And there are more players in the marketplace that are now looking for content, which is great, on the streaming services as well. So it's really a mixed bag. I think some of the cable operators are coming back to buying off-network product. They realize they can't do their own all-original content. So as long as we keep doing what we do, which is produce good original content that we own, we're going to be  not only we're not going to exploit the international marketplace, but domestically the numbers are  continue to get higher and higher every year.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And maybe separately to Doug's point, I guess, I think we all know better than to ask you about the upfront forecast. But you spoke briefly about measurement. And with the upfront three months away, to what extent do you think that we're going to see multi-platform deals using Nielsen's Total Audience measurement?
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: It's a little early to tell, but clearly there's going to be a lot more of it, just like we said there's going to be more C3s than there were and then C7s than there were. Now, Nielsen's doing a better job and getting better data as well as other services. So I think there's no question when we talk to advertisers, everybody's looking at a more complete picture. And that only means more viewers and more revenue for us. So I think it's going to be more and more important with each year, and I think some of those services will be important this year.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: All right. Thank you.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thanks, John. Let's take the next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Miller with Loop Capital Markets.
David W. Miller - Loop Capital Markets LLC: Yeah. Hey, guys. Les, as you know, President Trump has appointed Ajit Pai as the new FCC Chief who is obviously considered pro-consolidation, pro-free market, et cetera. What odds would you put on the station cap rule being altered from 39% up to, say, 49%? And if you're a betting man, what would you say the timing of that might be? And then I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Look, we know Ajit Pai very well. I think he will be very beneficial to our business. As you said, he's de-regulation, and we would be very interested in the cap moving up. Frankly, I have no details and no idea if that will happen or when it will happen. I can tell you in the right circumstance if the cap is lifted, we would strategically want to buy some more stations because we think it's important. And as you just heard, through re-trans and through political advertising, the local markets are extremely good for us. So we're looking forward to not having as much regulation and having the ability to do more.
David W. Miller - Loop Capital Markets LLC: Okay, great. And then also, Les, I am sure you are aware the NCAA just released the top four seeds in each bracket for the upcoming NCAA tournament. Has this stoked additional interest amongst your media buyers beyond what would be considered normal for this time of year? And any color on pacings for the tournament would be helpful if you are willing to give it. Thanks a lot.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Yeah, I mean, look, there's no question. I think what it's done is brought March Madness into the end of January, which is great for us and our sales guys. And there's renewed interest in sports and in the tournament and people are already complaining about the seeds, which we love because that's part of what makes the tournament so exciting. So the answer to your question is yes, it has increased the activity and the pacing is very strong. As we mentioned before, we're really happy all three games of the Final Four are on CBS this year, which will help us a great deal. So bring it on. We're excited. It's an exciting time of the year.
David W. Miller - Loop Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Wonderful. Thank you.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thank you, David. Let's take the next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good afternoon. Wanted to ask you two questions. Joe, wondering if you would comment on the auction proceeds that you expect to receive in the spectrum auction? And then separately, just curious as to how much of the viewing on All Access is live versus on-demand? And I know that the NFL has been a recent addition to the lineup, but how much of that live viewing is sports and live events? Thanks.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Bryan, it's Joe. Let me answer the second one first. The live viewership, it tends to be about 10% to 15% on All Access. It's the on-demand feature, I think, again, the content on-the-go is really what's  we're seeing significant usage, more than double that of what's freely available and stuff. So I think that's going to do it. But again, it's a complete offering. Our vision is always we have something for everyone, and I think that's really been the strategy. So that's why the network affiliate model is important. And that's why we bring our affiliates along in this and they participate in that. But I do think it's the strength and breadth of CBS programming that is the main driver of that. Look, the auction proceeds, if you  look, Bryan, we looked at it. At the top, we saw those initial values and we said, oh, that could be interesting in certain circumstances. But we did not sell any full power signals in the auction. As the auction continued to drop rapidly in value, it just didn't make sense for us to participate because we make so much more money by broadcasting in the highest standards possible. So that's our bread-and-butter, so we weren't going to participate in a process where values were going down significantly. So we did not sell any full powered stations.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks, Joe.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thanks, Bryan. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Nollen with Macquarie.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thanks very much. A couple of things, please. I wanted to come back on the subject of advertising, recognizing it's a difficult year with a comp ahead in 2017. But I want to come back to the question of Nielsen's Total Audience measurement. And you had said, I think, on the last call that you see dynamic ad insertion as a potential nine figure opportunity in the future with help from better measurement. I just wonder if you could give us some sort of an idea going into the upfront how you will go about doing these deals. And if there is any sense you can give us on what incremental percentage of revenue growth you can get from this versus C3 or C7? And then separately but related, coming back to the NFL. I'm sure you saw recently Roger Goodell had some comments on ways to perhaps address the ratings issue for the NFL next year, possibly talking about shortening game times if they could or even reducing ad loads. I just wondered what your take is on that, if you think any potential downside there might be offset by very scarcity of the games and the pricing on that or making these games available on All Access? Just wondering how we should think about the NFL for you next year. Thanks.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: All right, Tim. I'll answer the second question first. Obviously, we've met with Roger, and we've met with the NFL a number of times. We're all looking at how the product can be more efficient, possibly speeding up the games, possibly things in terms of pods, possibly things in terms of the referees looking at the replays, how long that takes, et cetera. So we're looking at some reformat ideas. Obviously, we're not planning on cutting advertising. If there are ways of doing advertising in different ways that are equally beneficial, we're looking at that, and we're trying to make the game as good an experience as we could make it.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: And your first part of the question, Tim, on the advertising, look, I think as people continue to shift and watch content on their terms, our thesis has always been we expect to get paid for it if people consume it. And so if it's not in the measurement and advertisers aren't paying for it, we're going to use that available inventory because the technology now exists to give other advertisers the opportunity. And we think that's a real opportunity that drives it. If you watch an episode of NCIS, on Tuesday it airs, but then you watch it on Sunday and we don't make any money from it, that doesn't really make any sense to us. So we think it's the number one show on television and would garner a lot of appetite from advertisers. So it'll take us time to execute that and build that marketplace, but it is absolutely a nine-digit opportunity.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: If I can just follow up briefly, Joe. So even if the entire industry doesn't have the syndicated data from Nielsen, you can still go ahead and use that in certain ways and try to monetize it?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Absolutely, absolutely.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Yeah, thanks.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Yup.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thank you, Tim. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laura Martin with Needham.
Laura Martin - Needham & Co. LLC: Hey, there. A couple for Les, one for Joe on the model. So Carpool Karaoke is your new series on Apple, and I think you are still doing Under The Dome for Amazon. Les, could you update us on these new orders from CBS Studio from digital-first players? I am sort of forgetting where we are with all those and I'm trying to size the revenue opportunity from these new buyers. And then second, I am just looking at the margin expansion here and it was really powerful in both the quarter and the full-year, this operating leverage. But my puzzlement comes because we reading a lot of headlines about 400 new series in production, all-time high, upward cost pressure your competitors are talking about for content. Is there some reason that CBS is immune to these upward content cost pressures at Showtime and CBS maybe because you are number one or something? I don't understand why you are having such awesome margins when your competitors are all reporting faster content cost growth versus revenue. And then Joe, one for you on the model. You said in your comments that there was record local ad revenue of 25% year-over-year. So if we're going to hold presidential  if we are going to just assume that also for the presidency, that gets me to like $180 million to $200 million of political for you guys. My question is, since you are projecting higher local in 2017, was all of that political cannibalistic and therefore 2017 you can still grow off that? Because I would have thought some of it would have been additive but then that would have been hard for you to project higher local in 2017 than 2016? Thanks, guys.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Okay. Let me jump in first. Carpool Karaoke, digital buyers, et cetera, CBS Productions has made it a real goal. Initially, they were formed to supply programming to CBS, then they were joined by supplying programs to the CW. Now, they're supplying programs to All Access as well as we are either in development or in production for 13 different outlets, other than that. So virtually every player we have either development or production with Amazon, with Hulu, et cetera, et cetera, Netflix obviously. So there's a lot of activity. What we are doing here, we brought in, we have a new reality group, unscripted group that's going to be specifically targeted towards the digital players because in terms of your next question, that's part of the question. In some of these services, they spend more than we do on programming. There's no question that the Netflixes of the world spend more than we do. They do. That's their  it's a different model. We know production. We produce a lot of it ourselves. We do manage cost control because we know production and frankly, when we do some co-productions with other studios, we see that they're probably not as stringent as we are on our costs. And I think maybe it's because I've been doing this a long time, I know where the money should be spent and where it's wasted  where excess money is wasted. So I think we are prudent about how we produce our programs and it seems to be working.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: And, Laura, just to clarify what I said. I said underlying TV station. So just to be clear, that's on a comparable basis. So obviously, your $180 million to $200 million is directionally accurate and stuff like that. So that will obviously be a headwind from a reported standpoint.
Laura Martin - Needham & Co. LLC: Is it all additives, Joe?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Is what all additives?
Laura Martin - Needham & Co. LLC: Political.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Political? No. Look, there's not additional spots, right? And so it's just replacement. It's more buyers for the same set of inventory, so it drives price up. But, no, you're absolutely right in that, we don't look at that and we don't give our TV station sales guys a pass to say, it's all additive. And so maybe there's some halo to it, but by and large, we always tell them, you're selling the same number of spots.
Laura Martin - Needham & Co. LLC: Perfect. Thanks, guys. Very helpful.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thanks, Laura. Thanks a lot. All right. Why don't we close out with one last question, please?
Operator: Our final question comes from Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. Les, I want to go back to the station M&A. Assuming that the regulatory environment is relaxed and the UHF discount is reinstated, how aggressive would you be willing to go outside of the top 25 markets? And then secondly, you talked about acceleration in advertising. Were you referring to the networks, to the local stations, to both? And if you could just give color on where that is coming from and just generally if you feel like advertisers have a little bit more confidence post the elections?
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: All right, Marci, I'll do the first one, I'll let Joe finish it up with the second one. Look, how aggressive are we going to be? You know us. We're going to be smart in what we do. Would we go outside of the top 25? Probably not. I would doubt that. We're a big market company and the big markets generally work out, especially when you have local football teams in our marketplace that becomes important. We will be aggressive but we're not going to be stupid about it. And it's  we're happy with what we have, but we could expand more and we have a very well-functioning local stations division that obviously could take more in.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: And Marci, on your advertising  I think in Les's comment, he was referring to the network. And again, it's really driven by the strong demand on pricing and stuff. And again, above healthy upfront levels. So he said that and I gave you the pace for the local saying, underlying for Q1 was pacing up low single digits. So I think, again, that just describes again the way we see the market today. We've got our eyes on it but again, the demand seems strong across multiple categories.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Great. Thank you, Marci. And this concludes today's call. Thank you, everyone, for joining us. Have a great evening.
Operator: And this does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-03 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Adam Townsend - CBS Corp. Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp. Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.
Analysts: Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC John Janedis - Jefferies LLC Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC David W. Miller - Loop Capital Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Laura Martin - Needham & Co. LLC
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CBS Corporation third quarter 2016 earnings release teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President of Corporate Finance and Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter 2016 earnings call. Joining us with today's remarks are Leslie Moonves, our Chairman and CEO; and Joe Ianniello, our Chief Operating Officer. Following Les and Joe's discussion of the company's performance, we will open the call up to questions. Please note that during today's conference call, the third quarter and year-to-date 2016 results will be discussed on an adjusted basis unless otherwise specified. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found in our earnings release or on our website. Also, statements in this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's SEC filings. A webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can be found on the Investor section of our website at cbscorporation.com. With that, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Les.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Thank you, Adam, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you very much for joining us today. As you've seen, CBS continues to perform at a very high level, and the future for us just keeps looking better and better. Along these lines, today's results represent another terrific record-breaking quarter. Revenue was up 4% to $3.4 billion, operating income was up 6% to $798 million and EPS was up 19% to $1.05, an all-time high, and our 27th consecutive quarter of EPS growth. Every one of our businesses grew in revenue and profit during the quarter. So we have broad-based strength across our company, and we are well on our way to another record-setting year at the CBS Corporation in both revenue and profit. Most importantly, we are achieving these results while investing in new growth opportunities all the time. So the state of the CBS Corporation is extremely strong, which is more important now than ever given changes in our industry and as we consider a potential recombination with Viacom. As you know, our board has formed a special committee to work with us and explore this possibility, and we are still in the very early stages. So while the timetable and outcome are unclear, our strategy is not. If it looks right and is structured properly, it could be an attractive opportunity. If not, we are very excited about our prospects on our own and as you can see in our excellent results today. Once again, I'd like to remind you we will only do a deal if it is in the best interests of CBS and all of its shareholders. Whatever the outcome, CBS has a very bright future ahead. Meanwhile, in the broader landscape, we're also seeing the increasing value of premium content, as evidenced by AT&T's proposed agreement to buy Time Warner. Clearly, all distribution always needs great content. And with the number one network in all of television, we like our positioning in the marketplace. The fact is all successful bundles, regardless of size or platform, have to have CBS. This is why our retrans and reverse comp revenue is growing so dramatically, and it's why we're ahead of schedule to surpass $1 billion in 2016. It's also why we're having successful negotiations with new distributors looking to carry our content over the top and through skinny bundles. And these growing revenue figures don't even include the excellent success we're seeing with CBS All Access and SHOWTIME OTT, each of which, as we've said, has already passed 1 million subscribers and growing. Once again, no matter how consumers want their content, we will be there and we are in position to succeed. In addition to that, our base business is very healthy. Nationally, advertising is accelerating here in the fourth quarter due to the higher upfront pricing that kicked in with the new season and a very, very strong scatter market. And locally, political advertising is extraordinarily high with spending like we've never seen before, led by down-ballot races, leading to new records for us at CBS. At the same time advertising is growing, our non-advertising revenue is growing even faster. In fact, this type of revenue is growing so fast that this quarter advertising represented just 43% of our overall revenue. That's the lowest percentage we've ever had for any quarter in our history. And as we separate our Radio business next year, this is a trend that will only continue. Joe will give you more details about the split off of radio in a little bit, but the headline is that it's on track and it's allowing us to return more capital to shareholders even sooner than we've planned. And of course, when the separation is complete, our company will be even more focused on creating and developing premium content. The crown jewel of that content is the CBS Television Network, which as you know, has a long, long track record of success. We've been the number one network for 13 of the past 14 years, including last year's first place finish across all key demos, and just to clarify, first in all demos with or without football. We followed that up this year by kicking off another outstanding season as the number one network yet again. We won each of the first five weeks of the season before this huge World Series began. Kudos to our friends at FOX for televising a great World Series. Look at the power of network television. Going back to the season, we have the two most watched shows on television with Big Bang Theory and NCIS, as well as the number one new drama Bull and the number one new comedy Kevin Can Wait. So it's no surprise we remain strong at the CBS Television Network. The best part is we have ownership in all of our new series. And thanks to the way we license our content internationally these days, we are already selling these shows in hundreds of markets around the world. In fact, Bull was just licensed in 200 territories. And MacGyver, the number one new show on Fridays, has a similar global footprint. And here at home, we are selling our lineup into a robust advertising marketplace. This includes both broadcasting and digital advertising, which continues to work best as a complement to television, not as a replacement. This is a fact we've been saying for a long time, and studies and data continue to support it. So as we do more and more deals where broadcast and digital are sold together, we are pleased that CBS Interactive has just moved up the sixth largest Internet platform in the U.S. Its monthly unique users are only behind the five biggest names in all the Internet, Google, Yahoo!, Facebook, Microsoft, Amazon, and then CBS. We are ahead of every single one of our competitors in that area. So with the number one television network and a top-10 Internet business, we have a powerful combination for advertisers that no other company can match. Plus, one of the most exciting advancements underway is that much more digital viewing will soon be counted together with television. By the time we negotiate next year's upfront, we believe Nielsen's new Total Audience ratings will be a big part of the negotiations. Total Audience ratings counts audiences across nearly all digital and streaming devices as well as traditional video-on-demand and DVR usage. This means we can get paid for the full value of the more than 20 million viewers a week we bring in for shows like Big Bang, NCIS and Bull. Just as we told you years ago that C3 would evolve into C7, Total Audience ratings represents another significant step toward getting paid for the audience we are actually delivering. And with viewing habits changing, this will become a very big number. In fact, when all platforms are counted, we have more total viewers watching our shows today than we did 15 years ago, and this year our new premiere week lineup had 6.5% more total viewers than we did last year. One of the day parts where we see cross-platform measurement helping the most is in late-night, where we continue to have great success. Stephen Colbert just posted his highest weekly ratings in more than a year, and he's clearly resonating on television and online during this election season. I mean, he was able to generate millions of views by live streaming kittens watching the Vice Presidential debate. Next week will be another key moment in this amazing election season for Stephen when he hosts an Election Night Live Special on SHOWTIME and live shows on CBS the nights before and after the election. Of course, the James Corden phenomenon continues as well. His brilliant Carpool Karaoke franchise has now been streamed nearly 2 billion times. Thanks to the viral success of Carpool, as well as James's Drop the Mic segment, we've licensed both of these bits into full shows that have been sold to Apple and TBS respectively. And like The Late Late Show and The Late Show, these shows are being produced by CBS Television Studios, which continues to create content for all networks across all platforms. Turning to sports, obviously there's been a lot of talk about NFL ratings with the bulk of the issues having to do with prime-time games. As you know, we do the majority of our business on Sunday afternoon where the ratings are a lot more stable, and with this past week, we were up 13%. NFL programming still remains the premier property of all of television, and we look forward to a strong second half of the season, which begins this weekend, followed by the playoffs and the AFC Championship Game in Q1. At CBS News, our broadcasts have thrived during this election season thanks to our hard news profile and original reporting. CBS Evening News has now had six consecutive years of viewer increases, and CBS This Morning is delivering its best audience in nearly three decades. And we're number one on Sunday as well where we recently completed a seamless transition with Jane Pauley stepping in for the retiring Charlie Osgood at CBS Sunday Morning. We're also pleased that during the quarter CBS News was awarded more Emmys than any competing broadcast or cable outlet. And also thanks to our political coverage, our digital news network, CBSN turned in an all-time high of 60 million streams in the third quarter, and the momentum has continued, including another weekly stream letter during the last Presidential debate two weeks ago. So, once again, we're growing our audience by delivering our content in the way that viewers want it. This is also the case at CBS All Access, our subscription streaming service. During the quarter, we launched an ad-free version of All Access for $9.99 a month, and we also launched our first original program with Big Brother: Over the Top. As a result, CBS All Access continues its steady climb in subscribers with more to come in the first half of next year. With the February debut of The Good Fight, the recently titled spin-off of The Good Wife, and the May premiere of Star Trek: Discovery. This has been an exciting beginning for CBS All Access, and we look forward to growing this revenue stream for years to come. We also have ambitious goals for SHOWTIME over the top as well. Once again, this service allows us to reach literally tens of millions of homes we couldn't reach before with the old model. As a result, we're seeing growth in subscribers with each series we premiere, and we expect to continue that trend when we launch new seasons of The Affair at the end of this month, Homeland in January and Billions in February. And of course, 2017 will also bring the long-awaited return of Twin Peaks with creators David Lynch and Mark Frost and many original cast members returning. Fans can be certain that the new Twin Peaks will be just as provocative and entertaining as the first one. In addition, we continue to license our entire SHOWTIME brand internationally, following deals in Canada, Australia, and several key European markets, we have now extended our footprint into Spain through a new agreement with Telefonica. Each time we do a deal like this we are creating new fans and a growing base of recurring revenue for SHOWTIME at better economics than when we simply license individual shows overseas. So once again, our investment in original programming continues to pay off in new ways all the time. Great content is also driving our success in Publishing, where we had double-digit top-line growth in the quarter, the most recent books from Stephen King and comedian Amy Schumer helped drive our sales but the big splurge came right at the end of September when Simon & Schuster launched what is already becoming the book of the year, Born to Run by Bruce Springsteen. This book was an immediate worldwide best seller and it continues to fly off the shelves, which bodes very well for us as we enter into the fourth quarter and the holiday season. In Local, the big story of course is political advertising. Despite what you may have heard from other station groups, 2016 will be a record breaking year for us in terms of political spending. In fact, our total billing for this year's Presidential race is on track to be 74% higher than it was four years ago and while the top of the ticket may be getting more attention, it's what's happening at the local levels that's really interesting. From prop issues in California, where we own three duopolies, to Gubernatorial, Senate and House races across the country, candidates are spending more than ever before to make themselves stand out. This includes the hotly contested Senate race in Pennsylvania, where we own stations in Philadelphia and Pittsburgh, which is at $140 million is already the biggest spend in Senate history. So from local to national, from television to mobile, this company continues to have tremendous success. We're posting record results quarter-after-quarter, and we're set up for a record 2016, and even better 2017 and a plan for significant growth right through 2020 and beyond. Clearly, there's a lot of talk out there about us and about others. But as you can see from our results this quarter, we continue to perform, no matter what the circumstances, even, and especially, in times of great change. We are absolutely focused on running our business and building on our track record of success. We are a team you can count on. So, it's a great time to be an investor in CBS, and I couldn't be more confident that we have a very exciting and successful future ahead. And with that, I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Thanks, Les. Good afternoon, everyone. As you heard, we turned in another outstanding quarter and if you step back and look at the big picture, you'll see that we're really transforming our company's business model to one that has a strong diversified revenue base. It's a strategy we've been working on for years, and this year is a great example. Let me explain what I mean. In the first quarter, we had record-setting network advertising revenue. In the second quarter, international content licensing drove our results. In the third quarter, domestic cable licensing led the way. And in the fourth quarter, we expect record local political spending. And to top it off, we've had double-digit increases in retrans and reverse comp, as well as our OTT subscription revenue throughout the year. So we no longer rely on any single source of revenue, which gives us much more visibility and stability in our results now and in the future and it allows us to reinvest in our businesses on a consistent basis. Now let me give you some more details about our third quarter results. As you heard, revenue was up 4% to $3.4 billion. In terms of advertising, revenue for this year's third quarter went down slightly from last year due to 10 fewer hours of advertising from political preemptions as well as the impact of the Summer Olympics. Underlying network advertising was up slightly and local advertising at our TV stations grew strongly, thanks to political spending. Content licensing and distribution had a great quarter and grew 6% to $1.1 billion. The increase was driven by broad growth in domestic, TV licensing of both our CBS Library and our SHOWTIME original series. Our content also remained strong internationally. During the quarter, we locked in deals for all of our new CBS and CW primetime series before they even aired here in the U.S. And as you heard, we also did a deal in Spain for an entire SHOWTIME brand, similar to ones we've done in several other foreign territories, making SHOWTIME a premium global affiliated network. And in affiliate and subscription-fee revenue in the quarter, it was up 13% to $753 million. Retrans and reverse comp grew 32%. And our over-the-top subscription services, CBS All Access and SHOWTIME OTT, continue to become a more meaningful contributor to our results each quarter. Operating income for the third quarter was up 6% to $798 million. Once again, we grew our profit margin, even as we continued to invest in more content. We now have ownership in more than 80% of our SHOWTIME and CBS lineups. Net earnings for the quarter grew 10% to $467 million and diluted EPS was up 19% to $1.05. On a year-to-date basis, our results were equally impressive. Revenue was up 6%. Operating income was up 12%, and EPS was up 26% September year to date to $3.00 per share. And as you know, the fourth quarter is historically our strongest quarter. And when you consider that for all of 2015 our EPS was $3.31, you can see that we're on track for a phenomenal year at the CBS Corporation. Now let's turn to our operating segments. Entertainment revenue for the third quarter of $1.95 billion was up 1%, driven by growth in retrans and reverse comp as well as CBS All Access. Content licensing was down 3% from last year when we had the first-cycle sale of Elementary, but higher sales of our library content more than offset this impact. In addition, as we just mentioned, underlying network advertising was up slightly during the quarter and year to date it's up over 5%. And Entertainment operating income for the third quarter was up 3% to $348 million. Cable Networks revenue of $598 million was up 14% for the quarter. The increase was driven by domestic licensing of some of our SHOWTIME original series, led by Penny Dreadful, demonstrating the strong demand for our content across platforms. Continued growth of SHOWTIME OTT contributed to our results. Cable Networks operating income for the third quarter was up 16% to $285 million. And once again, we grew our operating income even as we continued to invest in more premium content. In addition, our Cable Networks operating income margin for the quarter expanded by 1 point to 48%. As we've said in the past, margins for Cable Networks should be looked at on a year-to-date basis. And for the first nine months of 2016, our operating income margin expanded 2 points to 45%. In Publishing, revenue of $226 million was up 11% in the third quarter. As you heard, best-selling titles included The Girl with the Lower Back Tattoo by Amy Schumer and the recently released Born to Run by Bruce Springsteen. In addition, audio books continue to grow strongly and were up 41% for the quarter, and overall digital sales grew 5%. Publishing operating income in the third quarter was up 2% to $44 million, and our Publishing operating income margin came in at a solid 19%. Also during the quarter, we separated out what we used to call our Local Broadcasting segment into two segments: Local Media, which includes our TV stations and our local digital websites; and Radio. Now that Local Media is a separate segment, in order to better align our results with our industry peers, we are recording 100% of our retrans revenue in Local Media, which then pays reverse comp to the network, again, consistent with publicly traded television station companies. All of this is reflected in an 8K that we filed with the SEC last month, where we showed our last six quarters on a comparable basis. Local Media revenue in the third quarter was up 9% to $409 million, driven by strong political spending at our TV stations that you just heard about. In addition, higher retrans also contributed to our results. Local Media operating income for the third quarter was $122 million, up 21%, and our Local Media operating income margin expanded 3 points to 30%. In Radio, third quarter revenue came in at $319 million, up slightly from last year. Radio operating income was up 5% to $77 million, thanks in part to the restructuring activities we put in place in 2015. And the operating income margin for Radio expanded 100 basis points to 24%. Speaking of Radio, let me give you a brief update on how we're progressing with the separation. Last month, CBS Radio issued $1.46 billion of debt with a weighted average interest rate of 5.25%, and we are on track for an IPO in early 2017. That said, we may have a small window of opportunity to go even earlier if market conditions are favorable here in Q4. Similar to the Outdoor play book a few years ago, the next step after the IPO will be an exchange offer sometime in 2017, resulting in more capital returns for CBS shareholders and further focusing our company on our core content businesses. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet, free cash flow for the first nine months of 2016 came in at $1.2 billion, more than double the $546 million in 2015. The increase was driven by growth in affiliate and subscription fees, higher advertising revenue, and our first quarter broadcast of the Super Bowl. So while EPS growth has been strong this year, cash flow growth has been even stronger. We also ended the quarter with a gross debt-to-EBITDA leverage ratio of 2.68 times. And as you may recall, in late July we made a series of announcements. We issued $700 million of debt with a coupon of 2.9% due in 2027. We increased our dividend by 20%, which took effect October 1. And we replenished our share buyback program to $6 billion. We also bought back $500 million of our stock in Q3, and here in Q4 we plan to repurchase another $500 million, just as we told you we would. We are also accelerating our share buyback program and plan to repurchase an additional $1 billion of our stock in Q4 using some of the debt proceeds we received from Radio. As always, first and foremost, our priority is to reinvest in our businesses, which we have been doing consistently. This includes launching three OTT services in CBS All Access, SHOWTIME OTT and CBSN, owning more and more of our shows on both CBS and SHOWTIME, creating original programming for the summer and producing content for other platforms, just to name a few. We are fortunate that through our strong free cash flow generation, our solid investment grade balance sheet and the benefits of the Radio transaction we are also able to return this level of capital to our shareholders, and as we look ahead to 2017, with our ongoing share repurchase program, coupled with the proceeds from the Radio IPO and subsequent split off, investors can expect another healthy year of capital returns. Now let me tell you a little bit about what we see ahead. In local advertising, we expect an extremely strong fourth quarter for Local Media driven by political spending. Local Media is pacing to be up mid-to-high teens, and Radio is pacing to be up low-single digits. And on the national front, we see underlying network advertising strengthening from third quarter levels driven by our new upfront pricing as well as scatter pricing that is up strong double digits. In content licensing, we have ownership in all the new shows that we just launched on the CBS Television Network, and we've already renewed three of them for a full season. So we continue to fill the content pipeline with new programming that we can monetize across multiple platforms for years to come. In affiliate and subscription fees we will achieve a milestone in the fourth quarter when we surpass $1 billion in retrans and reverse comp revenue for all of 2016. And next year we're set to grow even more with 21% of our retrans and 14% of our reverse comp footprint coming up for renewal. So, in summary, we turned in another terrific quarter, and we are well on our way to yet another record year. Even more importantly, as we deliver strong results, we continue to execute on our long-term strategy for our future. By creating the best content, we are driving revenue growth from sources like retrans and reverse comp, over the top, skinny bundles, international content sales, dynamic ad insertion and more. So we are making solid progress and achieving all the goals we outlined for you at our Investor Day in Q1 of this year and our results today should give you even more confidence that our revenue opportunities for 2020 are very achievable and that CBS is well-positioned to succeed in the ever-changing media landscape. And with that, Noah, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our first question from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. Les, we're I think on the precipice of a lot of new bundles being launched. I realize we've said that before, but this time it seems real. I'm wondering if you could just remind us of your strategy when you look at negotiating with the Hulu's and the DIRECTV Now's of the world and Slings where you haven't done a deal? And then with the YouTube's, where you have  at least press reports suggest the deal has been done. What is it you're trying to get done as you look across these bundles? How does the All Access strategy fit into that? And any changes to your thought process as we move into 2017?
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Look, Ben, it's our goal to be in every new bundle. And as we said before, we don't think any new bundle is complete without CBS. It's hard to go out to the marketplace and say, "Hey, I got everybody, but I don't have CBS." You know, that means no football, no Big Bang, no Corden, no 60 Minutes, et cetera. Our strategy is, once again, we need to get fair value. In addition, there are other considerations. We're a content supplier, and it's really important that we get terms that we can live with. Once again, we are in conversations with virtually everyone, some we're closer to making deals with than others, but at the end of the day we think we offer a great value, and we think we're very fair in what we ask for. But once again, we value our content and they need to be reasonable in what they pay us.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And just as a follow-up on a different topic, obviously there's been a lot. With the NFL, you mentioned in your prepared remarks some of the primetime ratings. This might be a case where a short-term deal works to your benefit. Any change in how you think about the NFL Thursday Night package, which I believe is a two-year deal, given the ratings performance that we've seen so far this season?
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: No. Look, as I mentioned, primetime is down a lot across the board. Sunday night is down a lot. Monday night is down. Thursday night is down. Once again, we're done with our Thursday night games. We have it next year. It's half a season. We don't want to make any decisions or any thoughts about that. As I said, we're really happy that 95% of our games are on Sunday, and those numbers are a lot better. Plus, there are a lot of factors. It's a little early, and obviously the election has been mentioned. Let's see what happens a little bit down the road. As I said, we were very encouraged, we were up this past Sunday. So, no vast decisions made on a little bit of information.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it, thank you.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Thank you.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thank you, Ben. Let's take the next question.
Operator: Our next question is from Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. I guess, a couple of things. First of all, on Viacom, can you at least talk a little bit about what you think the timing might be? And the parameters of how you're thinking about the potential recombination?
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Jessica, all we're going to say is exactly what I said early in my prepared remarks. There are special committees, there are bankers, it's in the very early stages. I honestly don't know of any timetable, and it would be inaccurate for me to even try to suggest one. So I hate to be vague, but literally it's at that stage. And it's not even in the second inning yet.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just to follow up on actually the first question, just on NFL, with the ratings declines across the board  and everybody thinks the back half  I mean, we've heard a lot of people say they think the back half will be stronger  has there been any impact or any discussion of an impact from advertisers from the softer ratings?
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Not really. Once again, the advertisers who invest in the NFL are there for the long term. As I said, we were up 13% this past week. It's way too early. There have been no make-goods, and we're hoping that there won't be. So the advertisers are not concerned. There is so much noise out in the marketplace right now, it's really hard to draw a judgment per se. It's halfway through the season. We're anticipating a better second half, but the advertisers are totally supportive. And once again, it's still the best product on television.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, thank you.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Thank you.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thank you, Jessica. Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you. My question is on the political spending that you highlighted the strength that you're seeing is a big driver this quarter and next quarter. What do you think accounts for the disconnect in the political spending that you're seeing versus the weakness your peers keep highlighting? And then just a quick follow-up on the scatter, which seems to be so strong. Just any color on how much inventory you have to take advantage of it? Do you have an inventory to take advantage of? I think you just mentioned you don't have make-goods, so I guess that would imply yes, but any color there?
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: I'll answer the first. Then I'll have Joe answer the second. In terms of our competitors, number one, some of it is market-driven. As I mentioned, California is a hot bed. We have six TV stations in California, and if you're out here there are so many propositions on the ballot, frankly, it's really hard to understand most of them. But there's a lot of money being spent there, and as I said, Senatorial and Gubernatorial races  possibly because some of the disconnects from the top of the ticket that there's more being spent locally. We're really strong in Pennsylvania with Pittsburgh and Philadelphia. We're really strong in Florida, which has Miami, which clearly is a very important state. We're strong in Colorado with our Denver station. So a lot of it has to do with that, and maybe our salesmen are just better.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Alexia, it's Joe. On your question regarding scatter, this is why we don't sell 100% of our inventory in the upfront. We always keep the scarcity. So the scatter is up in excess of 20% of pricing. So we do have units available. We are selling them. And again, usually 9 out of 10 years, scatter pricing is significantly higher than the upfront, and that's why we think the upfront is such a good buy for advertisers because in the spot rate they end up paying more but we kind of like that too.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Great. Thanks, Alexia. Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony DiClemente with Nomura Securities.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thank you for taking my questions, and good afternoon. First for Les, since I guess we're done on the Viacom questions, I'd like to ask you about the AT&T, Time Warner proposed merger. CBS works with Time Warner in a few different ways. You co-own the CW, you jointly carry March Madness. Warner Bros. is a supplier of content to the CBS Network. Do you think the deal should be approved? And any implications there for how the combination could affect your business operations? I think we'd love to hear it. And then for Joe, you gave us the underlying advertising growth. I think you said underlying was up slightly in the 3Q. You said it was accelerating in the 4Q. So we're assuming it'll be up by more than slightly in the 4Q, but all the drivers are so strong, right? You'll have new CPMs from the upfront which were up double-digits, so a big lift there. It sounds like the NFL for you guys is at least hanging in there. It sounds like the new shows are doing great, and you just said scatter was up in excess of 20%. So at the risk of sounding a little greedy here, wouldn't your underlying ad growth in the fourth quarter be up by more than just "more than slightly?" Thanks.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Anthony, we're not really going to comment on the Time Warner AT&T potential merger there. Yes, Time Warner is a company we do a lot of business with. We have a great relationship with them. It's way too early for us to judge on anything, so we're staying out of the frame for the moment until we've had a chance to look at it further.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Anthony, just to clarify on Q4, I said Q3 was up slightly and Q4 is accelerating. So I think directionally you can see where that's going. I will just remind you, obviously, underlying network advertising last year in the fourth quarter was up 8%. So it is also coming up against a strong comp. But I think again, the takeaway for us at the local and national level, the demand for advertising and the pricing is strong.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay, thanks a lot.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Thanks, Anthony.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Next question.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Morris with Guggenheim Securities.
Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thank you. Good afternoon, guys.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Good afternoon.
Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC: A couple questions on All Access. First on the NFL, Les, can your share your latest thoughts on including NFL content on All Access just in light of what we've learned over the last few months? And specifically, the product seems to be doing great without it. So the question would be why would you want to spend on it? And secondly, to kind of put it maybe a little more bluntly, NFL is on Twitter. Why was it on Twitter instead of with CBS? You guys are a great partner and have a digital platform. And then I have an international question as well. Thanks.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: All right. Regarding the NFL, we are in fairly active discussions about putting it on All Access, you're right. The product is doing better, but the NFL is still extremely important to us, and we're hoping that we're able to reach agreement with them to get it there. It will make it even better. Look, the Twitter deal, the NFL, like all of us, is trying to figure out what is their digital strategy going forward. They're experimenting. Obviously, the numbers on Twitter aren't particularly high. They're certainly not affecting our ratings whatsoever. And I think everybody is trying to figure out what life looks like in the brave new world. Our relationship with the NFL remains very strong. And as I said, we are hoping to have a deal with All Access fairly quickly.
Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Great, thanks for that. And then keeping on All Access, internationally, how do you think of this as potentially being a global product at some point? Both technologically, how difficult that would be? And also selling your programming internationally to third parties is a big part of the business. But is there an opportunity to grow that product outside the U.S. at some point?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Mike, obviously, we think about those things. We watch Netflix closely and watch their model. But clearly, owning the underlying intellectual property, and that's why the ownership was so important to our core strategy. By the way, it goes to CBS All Access as well as SHOWTIME. I think as you can see that, there could be an opportunity again to go direct instead of through partners and stuff. Obviously, that will be an option we will have. We love the current business model we have now, but clearly down the road that is an option we have.
Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Great. Thanks, fellows.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Thanks.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thanks, Mike. Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Janedis with Jefferies.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Les, you spoke about domestic streaming growing. And as you know, there's been the view that demand domestically and pricing have both slowed. So can you give us an update on what you're seeing in that marketplace, and do you see domestic syndication more broadly as a continued growth category?
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Look, domestic streaming obviously is something that's catching on. The numbers are getting fairly astronomical, so it's a real growth area. Once again, we separate  you look at the ratings of Corden, I'll use that as another example. The ratings are okay. It loses to Seth Meyer (sic) [Seth Meyers]. But when you count 2 billion streams of Carpool Karaoke and where the pricing is going with streaming, those numbers really turn into something very significant with both clips and full shows that are going on there. It's obviously expanding, and once again, the domestic syndication market, once again, may be slightly down from where it was before but once again, enhanced, and I'm talking about off-network syndication, enhanced so much by streaming and other SVOD deals that the amount of revenue we are taking in domestically is greatly increased. So ownership of our shows becomes more and more important, as we referenced. So when you add in what's happening internationally and domestically, the afterlife of these shows, the back end, becomes more important every day than the front end. So it's good to have a good advertising marketplace, but it's also good to have good programming that we own and we could cash in on.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Got it, thanks. And maybe separately, you talked about Nielsen Total Audience Measurement next year. Based on the data that you see, is the revenue recapture opportunity, are you talking tens of millions, or is it something greater? And then really I guess on a practical level, how quickly can you recapture some of that revenue?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: John, it's Joe. Look, I think part of our Investor Day presentation, if you remember that fourth pillar, if you will, we put up monetizing delayed viewing. And this is exactly doing that. This is the audience we are delivering today. So it's a question of just getting paid for that. So as we quantify that, we think that's a 9-digit opportunity, meaning hundreds of millions of dollars. And so how quickly we can get there, we'll see how the marketplace develops. But now that the technology is there from a DAI perspective and is being measured by an independent third party, I think we have the ammunition to execute.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Thanks a lot.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thanks, John. Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good afternoon. I wanted to ask you two questions. One, you recently embarked on an expansion of production activities in unscripted. I'm just wondering how quickly you expect that to ramp up. And do you have a sense as to how material it could become over the next few years? And then my other question is just on All Access as well as SHOWTIME's streaming product. And specifically there, should we assume that that momentum has been sustained since you crossed that 1 million subscriber mark, or has that growth curve somewhat flattened since then? Thanks.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: All right, Bryan. I'll take the first and Joe will take the second. You know what, unscripted is obviously growing all over the place. And as we mentioned with Carpool Karaoke and Drop the Mic, suddenly we find ourselves developing unscripted that we're selling to other outlets other than just CBS or the CW entities that we own. So we created this division within CBS Studios to specifically, obviously supply CBS first and foremost, but also there are so many outlets. Netflix is now getting into unscripted. Amazon is getting into unscripted. And we were able to bring back an executive who helped us create Survivor and Big Brother and The Amazing Race, who had a great track record, and we decided to form a new division. Because, once again, as I said before, the back end is becoming more important than the front end, and being able to have these units that are able to produce more and more quality content is a real positive for us.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: And, Bryan, on your All Access and SHOWTIME over the top question, the momentum we have is really driven by the content. So on All Access, we launched a new season. You have the new Big Brother over the top. You absolutely see a surge in subscribers going into Q1 with The Good Fight and then Star Trek, so clearly expecting solid growth. And on the SHOWTIME side, The Affair coming, then Homeland and Billions leading into Twin Peaks, so we have that constant flow of new originals. So that's what's really driving the subscribers. Every time we put new content up there, audience seems to find it and subscribe.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. And, Joe, if I could just ask a follow-up?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Sure.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: If people are subscribing as this new content is released, what are you seeing after they consume that season? Are you seeing a corresponding turn spike? Or do they tend to stick around?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: Look, they stick around. I think what we're seeing is those who watch it are watching twice as much. So they're definitely getting used to watching content that way. So, we have deals for SHOWTIME we have deals with Amazon and Hulu, and those subscribers tend to stick  they are much stickier because they understand that environment better. I still think, again, it's in the early innings of others migrating. But, again, we're in the early stages of this growth cycle.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thank you, Bryan. Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Mitchelson with UBS.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: Oh, thanks so much. Good afternoon. So, Joe, I just wanted to make sure. Did you say you're going to buy back $1.5 billion of stock in the fourth quarter?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: That's correct.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: That's what I thought I heard. So I guess two questions, one for Les. Strong start to the season. Is there anything you would point out in terms of any CBS strategy shift on the programming side or shift in competitors' strategy that drove the share that you've gotten so far this season for CBS? I know it's early but perhaps there's something to tease out there. And then one of the really interesting dynamics around the launch of virtual MVPDs is the ability for content owners to more aggressively monetize in-season stacking rights. So I'm just curious how broadly you've sold your in-season stacking rights to both the traditional, MVPDs? And do you see that opportunity with the virtual MVPDs? Thanks.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: On the programming side, there really is nothing that unique. As we stated, we're off to a really strong start. We launched three shows in September. We've renewed all three of them. We just launched three more last week. We'll see what happens there. I think every network  there have been some successes at other networks. ABC has Designated Survivor and NBC has This Is Us and FOX has Lethal Weapon. So I think everybody has something good to point to about what's going on. Once again it's good to be the leader of the pack again. And FOX certainly was helped by seven days of great World Series ratings, damn them, but good for them, and it's all very healthy. Nothing has really changed with our strategy. We have more comedy on this year. We have eight comedies, which is the largest that anybody has had for quite a while. It seems to be working preliminarily, so but it's sort of business as usual, you know? Joe, do you want to answer...
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: And, Doug, the full stack, obviously that's important. We don't sell full stack. We sell rolling five. The full stack is available on CBS All Access.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: And so you have no plans to sell that to the traditional or virtual MVPDs at this point?
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: We have no plans, but we're always open for business, Doug. We're reasonable people.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. Thank you, both.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Thank you, Doug.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thank you, Doug. Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from David Miller with Loop Capital.
David W. Miller - Loop Capital: Hey, guys. Congratulations on the stellar results. Les, a question for you on television syndication, and Joe, I would be interested in your thoughts as well. I just continue to believe that the  I'm sorry, not syndication, licensing. Television licensing, particularly out of SHOWTIME. The SHOWTIME shows and a lot of your, of course, CBS shows  I just think that remains this kind of underappreciated gem within your company that just goes vastly underappreciated by the Street, and I hope that the results kind of underscore that today. So with that in mind looking out into next year, Joe, what should we assume in terms of number of shows that might be licensed? Volume? What are the tough comparisons? What's the low-hanging fruit? I'm just trying to get a sense of the cadence of that particular business within that line. Thanks very much.
Joseph R. Ianniello - CBS Corp.: David, look, I think the cadence always is the marketplace that drives the timing of it. So I know everybody wants to go quarter and just say, hey, what is it going to grow percentage-wise over that? I think the good news is we have hundreds of episodes yet to be monetized, beachfront properties such as NCIS: New Orleans, Madam Secretary on syndication, NCIS: Los Angeles on streaming. So we have some really big titles. I think you hit the nail on the head though, I think what's underappreciated is the SHOWTIME. Part of our strategy from years ago was to own more and more of SHOWTIME. So because SHOWTIME's only in 25ish million homes here, there's a lot of people that don't have the exposure to SHOWTIME. So I think monetizing on that and locking that because we own that intellectual property  it's huge amounts of cash flows for years to come.
David W. Miller - Loop Capital: Thank you very much.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Thanks, David.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Thank you, David. Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo Securities.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. I have two questions. The first, it sounds like the virtual MVPDs are having a tough time getting the affiliates, and I think you're probably the only network that actually has an agreement with affiliates in place for a virtual MVPD. The question is, how important is it for the stations to be included in these bundles and do you think they will be? And then a second question is, how should we think about your marketing plans for SHOWTIME OTT and CBS All Access, especially for next year? Is there going to be a point in time where we should think about this relative to margins where you're going to have a big advertising campaign?
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Marci, regarding the affiliates, they've always been an important part of our fabric and who we are. We've always had a great deal of respect for them, and having their cooperation throughout time, helping us promote our shows  they're part of the family. So as we enter into the new era, we have always found it really important and beneficial, and by the way, in certain ways beneficial financially for both them and us. And we've always sort of insisted that they be included in these deals, and as a result, All Access has grown faster because they share in the revenue. They're pushing it, they appreciate it and it makes for much better affiliate meetings in May than I expect our competitors having it. Regarding the marketing, it's a very good issue and something that we deal with on our OTT platforms. Once again, we are planning in the next few months to announce the ability to sell both of them together, CBS All Access and SHOWTIME OTT. Selling them together. We haven't come to a price point together, but once again, that ties into marketing. As we head into the spring and have Star Trek and Twin Peaks coming out on those competing platforms, how great will it be looking forward to be able to market them together at a slight discount if you buy them both, but that's part of our intent. The more people are exposed to these platforms, the more they like them. The more we're doing original content on them, the more they like them. So, once again, having a direct relationship with our consumer is a really important thing. Owning the CBS Television Network allows us to directly promote to them, and we have a lot of exciting marketing plans for both of them as we go forward.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Great. Thank you, Marci. And why don't we take one last question, please?
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Laura Martin with Needham & Company.
Laura Martin - Needham & Co. LLC: Hi, thanks, two programming questions. So, Les, assuming karma ends you up with 24 channels, I don't know from where, you've always talked about the fact that you've got the two best channels on the dial and everybody's got to be in your bundle. Philosophically, does that world view change because that scale is now becoming more valuable, or should we expect to see a General Electric kind of approach? If you're not one or two in your segment, you're out  sell it, divest it, let Joe go to town maximizing the return on capital? That's sort of a programming question. My second question is also programming. I think it's really interesting that you've taken James Corden and you're developing a series for Apple, and you are taking Drop the Mic and developing a series for TBS. Could you just share sort of your programming philosophy with those entities? Why not put them on CBS All Access? Or how do you think about, Star Trek is going on CBS All Access but these other two you're going to develop for a third party that sort of competes with you at some level? Thanks.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Right. Thank you, Laura. The philosophical question, with all due respect, I cannot answer. That's pure conjecture, and I'm not talking about  all I'm talking about is CBS and SHOWTIME, a little bit CW, a little bit Pop, a little bit CBS Sports Network. Those are the only channels that I am dealing with, and I'm worrying about programming right now. Moving to your next question, look, Carpool Karaoke exploded out of nowhere, as did Drop the Mic, not to quite that extent. What we do, and as we look at the universe  and the universe has changed greatly  where everything's first call is not necessarily to CBS. A show like Carpool Karaoke works much better on Apple iTunes. It's going to be promoted by them, and it's not a show that really fits per se with CBS. It fits better there. The same thing with Drop the Mic. Perhaps better on Turner. Star Trek, obviously we could have sold to Netflix. We could have sold it to Amazon. SHOWTIME would have loved to have it. The CBS Television Network would love to have it. We had a wealth of opportunity, but once again, I think it told people how important All Access was to us. I think our goal of getting 4 million subs by 2020 is greatly enhanced by the knowledge that we're taking the family jewels and a really special property that has millions of huge fans for STAR TREK and putting it on CBS All Access will help give that a great boost. So, once again, I love having the ability to program everything from the SHOWTIME down to syndication, game shows, soap operas, great shows on CBS, and what's happening with our production group is we're now selling  I think we have shows now with 13 other venues outside of the CBS family, and that's going to be an important growth opportunity for us as we look down the future.
Laura Martin - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks very much, guys. Great numbers.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Thank you.
Adam Townsend - CBS Corp.: Great. Thank you, Laura, and thank you, everyone else, for joining us this evening. Have a great night. Thank you.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-28 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Adam Townsend  EVP-Corporate Finance & Investor Relations Leslie Moonves  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Joe Ianniello  Chief Operating Officer, CBS Corp.
Analysts: Ben Swinburne  Morgan Stanley Alexia Quadrani  JPMorgan Michael Morris  Guggenheim Securities Jessica Reif Cohen  Bank of America Tim Nollen  Macquarie John Janedis  Jefferies Bryan Kraft  Deutsche Bank Barton Crockett  FBR Capital Markets Marci Ryvicker  Wells Fargo Steven Cahall  RBC Laura Martin  Needham
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CBS Corporation Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Release Teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President of Corporate Finance and Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead.
Adam Townsend: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter of 2016 earnings call. Joining us with today's remarks are Leslie Moonves, our Chairman and CEO; and Joe Ianniello, our Chief Operating Officer. Following Les and Joe's discussion of the company's performance, we will open the call up to questions. Please note that during today's conference call, the second quarter 2016 results are compared to adjusted second quarter 2015 results and year-to-date results will be discussed on an adjusted basis unless otherwise specified. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found on our earnings release or on our website. Also, statements on this call relating to matters which are not historical fact are forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's SEC filings. A webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can be found on the Investors section of our website at cbscorporation.com. With that, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Les.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you, Adam, and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. As you've seen in our earnings announcement, CBS turned in another outstanding quarter. Revenue came in at $3.3 billion, up 2% from a year ago and considerably better than that on an underlying basis. Operating income was up 14% to $733 million and EPS was up 26% to $0.93, the highest EPS we've ever had for a second quarter and our 26th consecutive quarter of EPS growth. Clearly, CBS continues to fire on all cylinders and we have a number of catalysts for future growth that we're confident will drive earnings in the quarters and years to come. Just in the last few months, we have made many significant strides to achieve the long-term financial goals we laid out at our Investor Day in March, and we've also taken a number of additional steps to set us up for even more success. Let me just touch on a few of them. One, we led the upfront marketplace with double-digit price increases and healthy gains in volume. Next, our CBS All Access and Showtime OTT streaming services have surpassed 2 million subscribers, about evenly split and well ahead of where we thought we'd be this early in the game. We've licensed our Star Trek franchise in the international marketplace, guaranteeing our new series will be profitable even before it launches and begins driving subs here in the U.S. and on CBS All Access. We greatly expanded our SVOD revenue for The CW ensuring its profitability for years to come. We just licensed our Carpool Karaoke series to Apple. This represents a significant new buyer in the SVOD marketplace. We filed an S-1 to move ahead with our strategy to split up our Radio business through an IPO or other alternatives, and we issued $700 million of debt with the best rate in the history of our company and one of the best rates ever in our industry. In addition to all of this, we announced this morning that we will be raising our dividend by 20% and we've expanded our share buyback program to a new authorization totaling $6 billion. Returning cash to shareholders in a prudent manner remains a priority for us. We first invest in our business and then return the excess cash, something we have consistently done year in and year out. At the same time, we are laser focused on investing in our core competency which is creating and distributing premium content across platforms all around the world. As our second quarter demonstrates, we continue to have tremendous success in this regard and there is lots more to come. It all starts with the CBS Television Network where we are looking forward to launching our new primetime lineup this fall. We have an enviable mix of strong freshman series, growing young franchises and established hits. Very importantly, we will own more than 80% of our schedule including ownership in every single one of our six new series. Each show represents another opportunity to license our content for many, many years. Plus, these shows will have the best chance of success by virtue of launching with the promotional power of the number one network in the world as well as THURSDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL. When it comes to recognizing the strength and stability of our primetime schedule, the advertisers have spoken. We just concluded the strongest upfront we've seen in many years. As was widely reported, significant dollars flowed back to broadcast television. Marketers realized what we've been saying for a long time, that digital buys are more powerful when they complement television buys, not when they replace them. So broadcast TV had a banner up front and CBS was at the front of the pack. Not only did we lead the market in pricing with double digit increases, but we saw very healthy gains in volume as well. We also had an extremely strong upfront across other dayparts. In late night, pricing increases were even more than primetime. As we've seen during the conventions, Stephen Colbert continues to gain attention for his wit and political commentary. And in 12:30, James Corden has become a phenomenon. He hosted the highest-rating Tony Awards in 15 years and his show just received four Emmy nominations. In addition, we are now licensing both of our late night shows internationally for substantial revenue. Once again, our new ownership position in both of these franchises is allowing us to monetize these shows in ways we never could before. Late night television has now become considerably more profitable with Colbert and Corden. We also continued to solidify our future in big event television. Last month, we announced that the GRAMMYs will remain on CBS through 2026. When you add this extension to our current deal, it means we'll have had the GRAMMYs for 54 consecutive years, the longest continuous partnership between an award show and a broadcaster in television history. Taken together with our agreement to broadcast the NCAA Men's Basketball tournament until 2032, we have locked up big event programming for a long, long time. At CBS News, we continue to see growth in all of our key broadcasts, leading to a very strong upfront in this daypart as well. CBS Evening News has added 1.5 million viewers since Scott Pelley became anchor five years ago, that's double the growth of ABC and NBC combined, and CBS This Morning has been growing its viewers month after month, and during the quarter had its highest numbers in nearly three decades. And our weekend news broadcasts, 48 Hours, CBS Sunday Morning, Face the Nation, and 60 Minutes continue to be number one in their respective categories. The quality of these shows was demonstrated last week when CBS News was nominated for 37 Emmy awards, more than any other news organization or cable network. In addition, we are also growing CBSN, our online news network. Big breaking news events and our political coverage are driving viewership, including another month of record views in June and new record high of more than 7 million streams just last week during the Republican convention. We've also recently broadened the reach of CBSN with a new Apple TV partnership and a deal with Twitter to stream the Republican and Democratic conventions. So, from news to sports to entertainment, our base advertising business remains strong, and it's important to note that in addition to higher upfront pricing, we see continued strength in advertising right through the second half of the year. At the same time, our non-advertising revenues, which are all the ways we monetize our programming through retrans and reverse comp, international syndication, SVOD, and over-the-top, continue to drive our results as well. One of the areas this is especially true is at The CW where as I mentioned, we announced a new multi-year licensing agreement with Netflix that allows for full-season streaming of every show eight days after its current season finale. This deal allows us to maximize the value of our content while also building for our broadcast affiliates, thecw.com, our MVPD partners, and potential OTT partners as well. We also struck a significant international deal with Netflix for Star Trek, licensing our new series, Star Trek: Discovery, to 188 Netflix countries around the world, virtually everywhere but North America. In addition, we also licensed all 727 previous episodes of our Star Trek library. Plus, we struck a similar deal with Bell Media for Canada. As a result, Star Trek: Discovery, our new series, is profitable and we haven't even begun production, and we still have additional windows to sell the show in second and third cycles down the road. It's also safe to say that Star Trek will lead to a significant bump in subscribers for CBS All Access here in the U.S. And in addition to Star Trek, we have the upcoming Good Wife spinoff coming to All Access, along with other original programming that we will be announcing soon. So, we're just getting started and we're already well on our way. We're also very pleased with the progress of our Showtime over-the-top streaming product as well. As you recall, we set a goal of 8 million subscribers between All Access and Showtime OTT by 2020, representing $800 million in new revenue. With more than 2 million subs between them already, we are confident that this will be easily achieved. One of the ways we're growing our Showtime subs is by staggering the launch dates of our original series. The season four premiere of Ray Donovan led to a significant lift in streaming subscribers here in July, and looking ahead we will have Shameless, The Affair and Homeland all premiering in different months between now and January. And of course, we have the highly anticipated return of Twin Peaks coming in early 2017 as well. David Lynch and Mark Frost, the creators of this franchise, have just finished shooting the new series which includes many actors from the original cast and some terrific guest stars. Like Star Trek, Twin Peaks has an extremely loyal and avid fan base, so we could expect to see another surge in subs to Showtime OTT when this show premieres next year. Turning to Publishing, we have two big titles coming up that will drive our second half. Born to Run, the highly anticipated memoir by Bruce Springsteen, and the latest from comedian Amy Schumer called The Girl with the Lower Back Tattoo. In addition, Simon & Schuster continues to generate content that spawns new projects across our company. The latest is a movie from CBS Films that is based on American Assassin, from the best-selling series of action thrillers by Vince Flynn. It stars Michael Keaton and will begin filming next month. At our TV stations, we are still in the early stages of what we are very confident will be a record presidential election year. Second quarter political sales came in higher than expected, thanks in part to primary spending in California, and right now we're seeing big activity in many of our major market O&Os. As always, spending will peak in the fourth quarter, not only at the top of the ticket but at the gubernatorial, senatorial and congressional races as well, where tickets are not quite as unified as they have been in past elections. In Radio, we have taken a major step forward in terms of separating this business from CBS with the filing of our S-1. We are also continuing to talk about other potential alternatives. Just like we did with Outdoor, our strategy is to maximize the value of this asset, while centering our company around the premium content that can best drive our results. So across our company, we are executing the strategy that we have laid out for our investors and we are building on that strategy all the time. As we look ahead, every single opportunity that we evaluate has to fit the same criteria. Does it benefit CBS shareholders? From the investment of capital to the return of capital, to any potential M&A, CBS shareholders are always our priority. The good news is that we already have the assets and the strategy to deliver on all of our financial objectives. The even better news is that there are new catalysts for growth being hatched all the time. The ways we can marry together our premium content with new technologies are growing every day, and we will continue to take advantage of every one of them. So, it was a terrific quarter. Our business is thriving and we see growth opportunities ahead that are more exciting than ever. As those opportunities unfold, we will continue to deliver on the commitments that we have laid out for you just as we always do. We are already looking forward to updating you on our next call. And with that, I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joe Ianniello: Thanks, Les. Good afternoon, everyone. As you heard, we turned in another terrific quarter that once again reaffirms our overall strategy. We are investing in owning more of our content, which is leading to more revenue opportunities. We are growing our recurring revenue from places like retrans and reverse comp, SVOD, international content licensing and our over-the-top subscription services. As a result, we delivered healthy double-digit growth in our key profit measures, even as we continued to invest in our future success. On the top line, we had a very strong quarter as well. Total revenue was up 2% to $3.3 billion, although that doesn't tell the entire story. During the second quarter, we were comping against two significant events from last year. First, we had the Mayweather/Pacquiao fight, which was the highest grossing sporting event of all time, and second, last year we had the NCAA men's college basketball championship game on CBS, which as you know rotates to us every other year. Taken together, these two events would have added six percentage points of growth to us in the second quarter. So therefore, underlying revenue was extremely healthy for the quarter. Now, let me give you some more details about our second quarter results. As I just mentioned, we had the NCAA men's championship game last year. As a result, advertising revenue for the second quarter came in at $1.55 billion compared with $1.59 billion in 2015. However, underlying network advertising grew 2% during this year's second quarter, and as you heard we recently concluded our upfront with strong pricing across all dayparts. Affiliate and subscription fee revenue was $733 million for the quarter compared with $752 million last year. However, excluding the Mayweather fight, underlying affiliate and subscription fee revenue grew 18%. Retrans and reverse comp was up 44% and Showtime's affiliate fees were up a solid 5%. As you heard, our over-the-top subscription services are also contributing to our growth and continued to track nicely above our expectations. Content licensing was up 16% during the second quarter and we saw strength both domestically and internationally. As an example, the ways we are monetizing Star Trek demonstrate just how we can benefit from a single content franchise again and again, so the opportunities presented by owning premium content continue to be robust. Growth in our high-margin revenue streams led to a 14% increase in operating income, which came in at $733 million during the second quarter, and our operating income margin expanded by more than 200 basis points to 22%. In addition, net earnings were up 16% to $423 million for the second quarter, and EPS was up 26% to $0.93. Our results on a year-to-date basis were equally impressive. Revenue of $7.1 billion was up 6%, operating income of $1.5 billion was up 15%, and EPS of $1.95 was up 29%. Now, let's turn to our operating segments. Entertainment revenue in the second quarter came in at $1.95 billion, up 9% with strength across the board. As I mentioned, underlying network advertising grew 2%. Content licensing and distribution was up 19%, thanks in part to our Star Trek deals, and affiliate and subscription fees were up 59%, driven by higher retrans and reverse comp as well as growth ex CBS All Access. Entertainment operating income of $351 million for the second quarter was up 34% due to the strong gains in our high-margin revenue streams, and our Entertainment operating income margin expanded three points to 18%. At our Cable Networks segment, second quarter revenue came in at $536 million, down 13% from last year when we had the big pay-per-view fight which affected the revenue comparison by 24 points. Underlying cable network revenue grew 11%, primarily due to the licensing of our Showtime brand and original series as well as higher affiliate and subscription fees. Second quarter Cable operating income of $227 million was up 3% thanks to increases in our higher-margin revenue streams which drove operating income growth even as we continue to invest in original programming. And our Cable operating income margin expanded six points to 42% and we expect further margin expansion from here as we move into the back half of 2016. Turning to Publishing, second quarter revenue came in at $187 million compared with $199 million last year due to the timing of releases. Best-selling titles for the second quarter included End of Watch by Stephen King and Foreign Agent by Brad Thor. And as Les just mentioned, we have a strong release schedule ahead. Publishing operating income for the second quarter of $26 million was up 4% as a result of lower costs, and our Publishing operating income margin expanded more than 100 basis points to 14%. In Local Broadcasting, second quarter revenue came in at $647 million compared with $654 million in 2015, with the decline entirely driven by comping against last year's NCAA Men's Basketball Championship game. Underlying Local Broadcasting revenue was even with 2015 with TV stations up 1% and radio stations down 1%. Looking ahead, we expect political spending to kick in fully during the back half of 2016 with Q4 being the strongest. Local Broadcasting operating income for the second quarter was up 7% to $212 million, driven by the restructuring activities we put in place last year. Those actions also resulted in our operating income margin expanding three points to a solid 33%. Turning to cash flow and our balance sheet, free cash flow for the first half of the year was $1.2 billion compared with $835 million in 2015, up 41% due to the growth in underlying advertising revenue, higher affiliate and subscription fees, and our first quarter broadcast of the Super Bowl. Also during the first half of 2016, we bought back 19.5 million shares of our stock for $1 billion. As we've stated in the past, we expect to complete another $1 billion in share repurchases by year's end. That is consistent with the quarterly pace you saw during the first half of the year, or about $500 million per quarter. And as you probably saw, we've just issued $700 million of new 10-year bonds with a 2.9% coupon, a historic low for us, and we ended the second quarter with $176 million of cash on hand. Now, let me give you a brief update on the separation of our Radio business. As you heard, we filed our S-1 with the SEC a few weeks ago, which is in line with the timeline we laid out for you on our last call. While we move forward with an IPO, we also continue to evaluate all opportunities. No matter what avenue we pursue, we are confident we will unlock significant value just as we did when we split up Outdoor. We will keep you posted on the developments in the months ahead. In addition, in preparation for the plan to split off of Radio, we will begin to separate our operations of our local TV and radio businesses, so our Q3 financial statements will reflect those changes in our segment reporting and thus we will report local TV and radio separately. Now, let me tell you a little bit about what we see in the back half of the year. We expect a great year for advertising. Year-to-date, underlying network advertising was up 7% and we anticipate a strong finish to 2016 led by our new upfront pricing as well as a strong marketplace for sports advertising that really begins with the kickoff of the NFL season in September. For the third quarter, our TV stations are pacing to be up high single digits, driven by political advertising, and radio is pacing to be up as well. Affiliate and subscription fees continue on their path of steady growth. We are set to surpass $1 billion in retrans and reverse comp by the end of 2016, and next year we'll have 14% of our reverse comp and 24% of our retrans footprint coming up for renewal, giving us the opportunity to reset those deals to current fair market value. At the same time, our over-the-top subscription services are growing and becoming a bigger contributor to our results. In content licensing and distribution, we see big opportunities ahead from across the company. As you heard, at The CW, we've already concluded a new Netflix deal for in-season and out-of-season content that will take effect in Q3. At Showtime, we expect to announce new agreements in the near-term to license our entire brand, just as we've previously done in Canada, parts of Europe and Australia. In addition, our Star Trek deals will benefit us again next year by both internationally and on CBS All Access. And at the CBS television network, we are launching six new shows in the fall and we have ownership in all of them, leading to even more future content licensing revenue. So in summary, our second quarter was very strong, and with the Presidential election, healthy gains in the upfront pricing markets and a number of new ways to grow our high-margin revenue, the momentum is continuing into the back half of 2016. We continue to execute in the short-term, while focusing on our long-term growth strategy. With all the opportunities ahead of us, we are as confident as ever about our future, and above all we are fully committed to delivering for our shareholders year in and year out. And with that, Noah, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question today from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you. I wanted to ask about the upfront and also the over-the-top numbers you guys gave out. Les, what was the strategy this year that you and Joe had put in place when you thought about how much inventory to sell? The pricing was really strong but you must have taken some view on your ratings outlook and how you think scatter is going to play out, as you have tougher comps in the back half. Maybe just talk about how you thought about pricing versus volume. And then I'll just ask my follow-up on over-the-top. The Showtime numbers implied by your disclosure show some pretty healthy growth. I think you're pacing along with HBO NOW, which is better than you would have thought given your distribution on traditional TV. Any color on what's driving the success, any sort of distribution deals, any of the Hulu partnerships? And, Joe, should we see the revenue growth accelerate at Cable on the subscription side as a result of all this success? Thank you, guys.
Leslie Moonves: All right, Ben. I'll do the first question and Joe will do the second one. The upfront sort of played out exactly like we would've planned, exactly as we drew up the playbook. All the blocking and tackling worked. If you recall, before the upfront began, a few weeks before or a month before, I said we were looking for double-digit pricing, and if that was the case we would attempt to sell in the high 70s percentage of our inventory, which is exactly what we did. We like holding back about 20%, a little over 20% for scatter because the scatter marketplaces increases to be strong. We saw an incredible scatter through first quarter, second quarter, third quarter, fourth quarter of last year and we continue to do this. So as I said, we got double digits, we got the volume we wanted, and as I said, we couldn't have drawn it out any better. We were extremely pleased. It closed quickly, cleanly and in a very positive manner, so let the games begin.
Joe Ianniello: And, Ben, on your second question regarding OTT, really what's driving the growth, again, is the original series we're seeing that. I think, again, as we just debuted the new season of Ray Donovan, we saw a surge in subs, so clearly that's the driver. The service is doing fantastic on both Hulu and Amazon. So that continues to plug away. And yes, look, I think we gave you the math on the revenue. So there's a direct correlation to subs and revenue in the OTT space and it is our highest margin revenue for obvious reasons. We take the largest share as opposed to our distributors getting a pretty fair take in that. So, again, you should expect to see that impact revenue.
Leslie Moonves: And the only thing I would like to add to that is in the comparison to HBO, I would say when you look at our programming, one would say our programming, we have more major hits than they do across the board, therefore it's not at all surprising to us that we're sort of doing what they're doing and maybe a little bit better. I don't know.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you, both.
Adam Townsend: Thank you, Ben. Noah, let's take the next question.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia Quadrani: Hi, thank you very much. My first question is really sort of a follow up to Ben's on the health or the strength of the advertising market, not just for CBS where you guys obviously have great content, which is one of the major drivers of it, but just industry-wide. Do you think it's just a lot of the money moving from scatter into the upfront, or do you think there's still digital money, maybe [indiscernible]? I guess any color you could provide on really what is driving this impressive growth in TV advertising, and then I have a quick follow-up.
Leslie Moonves: The only thing I would say is when you see scatter pricing, which we saw in the fourth quarter, the first quarter and the second quarter north of 30% beyond the upfront, we were licking our chops going into the upfront knowing how healthy the marketplace would be. In addition, once again, a lot more of the statistics came out about digital advertising and its effectiveness and as I said in my remarks, during the earnings call, digital advertising works better along with broadcast, and broadcast, when you have a show like NCIS, which has 20 million viewers a week, and Big Bang, which has 20 million a week, it is hard to duplicate that. So when you see scatter pricing like that, I think advertising agencies say, you know what, even though there's double-digit pricing at the upfront marketplace, I better get on in the game here or else I'm going to have to pay a lot more later on. And because of those two factors, as I said, this came out where we anticipated it, where we wanted it, and it all made sense to us.
Alexia Quadrani: And then just a quick follow up on your Star Trek sales and your deal with Netflix, your decision to go solely with Netflix outside of North America, I guess, any color ongoing with one provider versus multiple distributors there?
Joe Ianniello: Well, Alexia, it's Joe. Clearly, we went to the marketplace and we looked at what would be the best deal for this franchise. Netflix obviously had the previous seasons before, so they knew it was working, so it worked for that demo, a streamer. It was one deal as opposed to executing 100 different deals in different countries, so that played  and by the way, it was a lot of money and in U.S. dollars. So when you looked at it and summed it all up, it just made sense.
Alexia Quadrani: All right. Thank you very much.
Adam Townsend: Thank you. Thanks, Alexia. Next question.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Morris with Guggenheim Securities.
Michael Morris: Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. Two topics. First, there's a fair amount of discussion in the investment community about the potential for CBS and Viacom to recombine. And Les, you I think alluded to it a bit, speaking about the need to have any action be to the benefit of shareholders. You also mentioned that you already have the assets and you've talked about that in the past. So my questions here are, first of all, is a combination with Viacom definitely something that you would not be interested in pursuing? And then secondarily, maybe a bit more generally, if you were to look at any cable network, what kind of things would you be looking for in order to be able to enhance it and make it accretive to your shareholders?
Leslie Moonves: Mike, I'm not going to talk directly about Viacom. As I said, we feel very complete, we feel like we're competing. You can see by the results from this quarter, from last quarter, we have everything that we want. We're not going to conjecture about potential acquisitions or M&As. It's not something we're at all dealing with now. We look at every potential acquisition or every M&A opportunity. We looked at Starz before that deal was made with Lionsgate. We look at other opportunities that are out there, and we weigh them and we see what is going to be best for CBS. We feel like we're dealing from a position of strength and we're not going to do anything that's going to reduce that strength, and that's how we look at the world.
Michael Morris: Okay. Thanks for that. And then just one other question. With the distributor consolidation, especially with Charter and TWC closing, there's been a couple disagreements out there in terms of what the rate should be post that consolidation. Are you seeing or do you anticipate similar pressure or struggle as a result of that consolidation? Is that already in your numbers with respect to any impact, or is that something that maybe we should anticipate coming up in the coming months or years?
Joe Ianniello: Hey, Mike, it's Joe. Our deal with Charter expires next year, so I think the good news is, one way or the other, we get to reset it to current fair market value. So we look forward to that. So I wouldn't anticipate any big swings either way between any of those deals. But, again, the good news is next year I'm sure we'll be talking to them and, again, we like the hand we have with CBS and Showtime, and our strength in these negotiations is the content and the ratings we have to back it up, and that's again is fundamental to our revenue growth.
Michael Morris: Great. Thanks a lot, guys.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you.
Adam Townsend: Thanks, Mike. Next question?
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen: Thank you. I have one question. Les, it's been such a long time since we heard you talk about some of the dayparts you mentioned today, news and also late night. Within the underlying trends, can you talk about what kind of incremental upside you see from those two areas?
Leslie Moonves: Yes, I'm not going to give specifics, but as I said on late night, number one, we own the shows. The Colbert Show costs a lot less than Letterman did, and James Corden has become a national phenomenon with his Carpool Karaoke and his Drop The Mic. And ownership of these shows means we can distribute them internationally, and there's a lot of money coming in that way. So we see the prospects of our late night doing extremely well. Regarding the news, you know the majority of the money is in the morning, and as I said, we are having our best numbers in three decades. With Charlie, Gayle and Norah, we have a great product on the field, and once again the advertising numbers are going up considerably there. Daytime is up, all the other rest of news is up, so virtually every daypart has a really good story. Football is selling well. So I hate to sound Pollyanna-ish, but this is as good an upfront as I've seen in primetime in a long time and probably in every other daypart as well.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen: Great. Thank you.
Adam Townsend: Thanks, Jessica. Noah, let's take the next question.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Tim Nollen from Macquarie.
Tim Nollen: Thank you. I've got a question that's perhaps practical for the near-term, maybe a bit more theoretical for the longer term. It's about the radio separation. The timing is interesting with the political season upon us here and you're talking big numbers to look forward to. Normally you would say that you would get some spillover of ad dollars from TV into radio, like it could pick up some of the spillover when it's a really hot market. So my question in the near term is, what should we expect in the near-term as you go into the separation? Anything to be aware of in terms of what kind of numbers to look for, for TV versus radio? And then relatively over the longer-term, would this actually inflate pricing further on your TV assets?
Joe Ianniello: Well, Tim, it's Joe. Here's what I'd say. Obviously the fourth quarter, really our local TV is the biggest driver. There is absolutely a spillover and we always think that each side of the aisle should use radio more, but it certainly will benefit, so I do think it will build into the fourth quarter for sure. But that does obviously take away just pure supply and demand. Other categories have to find a place. So if that they can't buy in this, what we do is we'll figure out a way to if they want local, maybe we can sell them network. If they want network, maybe we could piece together 10 national local spots. So we're basically working with all of our advertising clients' categories, but clearly there's going to be a lot less inventory on a local basis in Q4 particularly, but building from Q3.
Tim Nollen: Can I ask another way? Is there any possible disruptions in the near-term as you're going through the separation of the two? And then the argument the other way around, without owning a radio asset, who knows what happens to that business down the road, would demand for local advertising during the political season, would that be even tighter and have even more pricing power?
Joe Ianniello: No. Look, again, we'd love to think there's more synergy than there probably is. Our guys are selling separately today. They compete against each other. We like it that way and that's it. So it's just everybody knows what they have to do. So I don't really see cannibalizing or deflating anywhere. I think again it's I think they use them because it's effective. They have the data. It's an industry. We have certain stations. We have 27 television stations, 118 radio stations. There are thousands of them. So it's not exactly this separation is going to change the marketplace.
Tim Nollen: Okay. Thanks very much.
Adam Townsend: Thank you, Tim. Next question, please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from John Janedis with Jefferies.
John Janedis: Thank you. Les, you're getting closer to the Star Trek launch followed by The Originals next year, and so can you talk about to what extent the size of the library changes on All Access? Meaning as you get more robust from here, will there be an ability to get expanded rights over time for the existing shows?
Leslie Moonves: Well, we have all the rights to the existing shows. We own the 750, whatever...
Joe Ianniello: 27.
Leslie Moonves: 727 episodes in their entirety. And as Joe referred to earlier, the reason the Netflix buy was so healthy, they already have seen what Star Trek is doing on their service from day one. It performed extraordinarily well. That is one of the reasons why we decided to put it on All Access to obviously help build our own subs. But going forward, obviously we're doing 13 episodes initially with Star Trek. We are fairly certain, although we haven't done one day of production, this series is going to go on for a while and we have spinoffs of spinoffs. And it's a very, very valuable franchise that can turn into hundreds of millions of dollars in revenue for us.
John Janedis: Okay. Got it. Thanks. And then separately, you referenced this a little bit, but we're about four weeks away from the NFL preseason. So can you talk a little more about what kind of demand you're seeing for football after so many years of share and pricing gains? And does the Fantasy Sports comp create an air pocket or do you think you can backfill from other categories?
Leslie Moonves: Number one, football is still the best game in town. I mean that literally and figuratively. The pricing has gone up, I could tell you for a fact. The CPM numbers have gone up once again. Ratings we expect to be up or even if they're the same, we're still going to do fine. We love our Thursday package in the beginning of the year, very cost-effective. There's nothing like it. There's nothing like it and we can't wait for the preseason to begin.
John Janedis: Thank you.
Adam Townsend: Thanks, John. Noah, next question.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Kraft: Hi. Good afternoon. I wanted to ask you how you would characterize the industry's progress towards better measurement of the nontraditional viewing and also leveraging the VOD advertising opportunity. And I guess specifically did Nielsen's cross-platform measurement that's I think been out for a few months now impact the upfront negotiations at all this year? If you could talk about that, that would be great. Thanks.
Joe Ianniello: Yes, Brian, it's Joe. Look, I would tell you, I think everybody wants better measurements. We want eyeball counted. In this day and age, it feels like the technology should just be there and accepted. Obviously we have data. Cable systems have data. You have to be a third-party referee. I think Nielsen's kind of leading the way. There's obviously some competitors that they have. So we've always said is, if we deliver the eyeball, we just expect to count it towards what we delivered. And whatever screen it's on, so it's evolving. Obviously we don't have a whole lot of patience and stuff with it, but clearly we're doing that and we are starting to monetize VOD significantly.
Bryan Kraft: Okay. Thanks. If I could ask just actually an unrelated follow up. I was curious on the decision to license Carpool Karaoke to Apple.
Joe Ianniello: Yes.
Bryan Kraft: What drove that decision as opposed to keeping it widely available for free to promote the show, or maybe put on All Access to build the subscription service of your own?
Leslie Moonves: It's very interesting. Carpool Karaoke, number one, it's a music-related show. Apple offered us an extremely good deal. It also opens up Apple to being another buyer to us, and we're the first one in the marketplace there. And look, every piece of content, we evaluate what the short-term gain is and the long-term gain, and we think it fits really well with Apple Music. Clearly their music service has gone from zero to many millions of subs really quickly, and they're very excited about promoting it. And remember, Carpool Karaoke will revert back to our late night show, and there's cross-promotion for it. So it's good to have a lot of the suppliers in the marketplace, a lot of buyers, and we're happy to be in business with Apple.
Bryan Kraft: Okay. Thanks, Les.
Adam Townsend: Thanks, Bryan. Next question?
Operator: We'll take our next question from Barton Crockett with FBR Capital Markets.
Bart E. Crockett: Okay. Thank you so much for taking the question. I wanted to find out a little bit more, if we could, about who the profile is of the subscribers to CBS All Access and Showtime. Are these Millennials, cord cutters, are they people who are Netflix subscribers, or are they traditional Showtime and CBS viewers who are getting it in this way?
Joe Ianniello: Barton, it's Joe. Here's what I would say. Obviously younger, think about it as 40-something-ish in that kind of zip code. It skews slightly female but close, and they consume double the amount of content. So, again, I think when Les mentioned Star Trek, it was an informed decision by doing it because we had a lot of the data. So we have a lot more data when we're able to program for these services. So I would say again, it's what you'd expect it, but I would tell you this, it's coming from the broadband-only households and so it's that kind of 12 million folks, so we don't think people cut or switch, we think they add it. So out of our couple of million subscribers, they probably also have a Netflix subscription as well. And so again it's the convenience, it's the content on the go, it's ease-of-use, it's all of that stuff that's really driving and obviously again, the original series is really the anchor.
Leslie Moonves: Yeah, one of the things we said was, remember Showtime is only at about 24 million households. There are about 80 million households do not get it. So now by doing this and obviously where we're over 1 million with Showtime, these are people who now have easier access to Showtime. And with Star Trek coming for All Access, we're going to even increase that, so we think they are additional viewers. And as Joe said, it's a broader demographic than we're used to, so we're pleased about it.
Bart E. Crockett: Okay. That's great. Thank you.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you.
Adam Townsend: Thanks, Barton. Next question?
Operator: We'll take our next question from David Miller with Loop Capital Markets. [ph]
Adam Townsend: David, are you on mute? We can't hear you.
Unidentified Analsyt: Sorry about that. Sorry about that. I have one question for Joe, one question for Les. Joe, one of the themes so far in this media earnings rotation seems to be the lowering of corporate marginal taxes. You guys are at 32.2% right now, down I want to say 220 basis points year-over-year, so nothing to scoff at, outstanding all the way around. But what's the case for lowering it even further, and how long would that take? And then I have a follow up for Les. Thanks a lot.
Joe Ianniello: Yeah, David [ph] look, we don't anticipate where our taxes are going to go down, I think this has been consistent effort in the low 30%s. We are a full taxpayer, most of our income is generated in the United States, so we're banking on producing great content and doing it as efficiently as possible. And that's really the focus.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Okay. And then Les, the show that everyone seems to be talking about, that media buyers seem to be talking about is Pure Genius going into the fall. Looks like it's going to be a hit. Obviously you guys believe it's going to be hit, otherwise you wouldn't have put in on Thursday nights. Curious about the decision to put that one on the network as opposed to Showtime. The production value of the series looks absolutely outstanding, it looks like it would play well on both networks, but just curious your decision as to why it's on the broadcast network as opposed to the pay network, and is the show already profitable going into the fall season? Thanks a lot.
Leslie Moonves: Well, number one, Showtime and CBS develop separately. They have their own creative groups. They are led by two different guys, David Nevins over at Showtime and Glenn Geller at CBS, and they both report in to me, and the quality of the content is great. Pure Genius, we're very excited, it was sort of a sleeper hit. Is it profitable going into Thursday night? Just about. There's certainly a good sales on for it. Look, I've been doing this long enough not to predict what the hits are going to be versus what the misses are going to be and it's hard to tell. I often point back to CSI, it was the 9 o' clock show on Friday night, and we had a show that I thought was going to be a hit at 8 o' clock called The Fugitive. We were doing a remake of  with Tim Daly. That was going to be the big hit and by week two, we realized CSI was the big hit. So Pure Genius is a very unusual show, it's a real quality show, the production values are great and we're hoping for it. There are other shows I would actually place bigger bets on, but I'm not going to say what they are.
Unidentified Analyst: Fair enough. Thanks so much.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you.
Adam Townsend: Thanks, David. Let's take another question.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks. The first question, can you just talk about your marketing efforts behind CBS All Access and Showtime? Are they expected to ramp, I think the 2 million subs were a positive surprise, so just curious what you're doing to advertise these?
Joe Ianniello: Look, I'd say, Marci, it's a modest ramp. Again, we're going to do it into the growth because again as you saw, you saw margin expansion as we're launching these new services and stuff like that. So it's going to be more driven around the content, the timing of the release of that. And so there's definitely much more growth that we see in terms of the subs, and we will market it, we're obviously marketing within the CBS family because we reach 99% of households on a weekly basis. So I mean, that's the benefit we have of who we are and stuff. But they spend their own marketing dollars, their dedicated marketing dollars to them, and so that will continue like any business rollout.
Marci Ryvicker: Okay. And then separately, how would you characterize your conversations with the affiliates on the skinny bundles? I think Sony PlayStation Vue may be the only one that has a contract with the affiliates, and we've heard from some of them that they're really in no rush to be on something like a Hulu, so I don't know if you have any comment on that.
Joe Ianniello: Are you talking about the TV station affiliates?
Marci Ryvicker: Yes.
Joe Ianniello: Yeah, look, I mean, they've struck deals on Sony Vue because we've done that with them, so I think our model might be a little different than others. We're bringing the affiliates along in the skinny bundle OTT and they participate in CBS All Access, they participate in Sony Vue, so we think it's a win-win for them. They bring the local content they have, we bring the national and we think that formula works. And I think again, demonstrated we've done 100 of these with our affiliates signed up for us, so I think again that seems to be the formula. So we're actually pretty excited about the relationships between network and affiliates going forward.
Leslie Moonves: Yeah, we are virtually at 100% of the country on our All Access on their sign-up. Which, I don't think any other network and affiliate body has this close a relationship as we do and as Joe was saying, they appreciate it. They get a piece of the action on All Access, and so it's been very supportive. They signed up for Sony Vue and allowed us to act on behalf of them nationally, and we think that will continue with the other services.
Marci Ryvicker: Great. Thank you.
Adam Townsend: Thank you, Marci. The next question, please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steven Cahall with RBC.
Steven Cahall: Yeah, thank you. Just a first question on cash flow. I was just wondering, you did very well in the first half on free cash flow. Are there any Super Bowl accounts payable that are in there? And as we think about cash flow in the back half of the year with the new share authorization, is there anything we should be thinking out in terms of accelerated share repurchases versus the cadence you've been on? And then I've got a quick follow up.
Joe Ianniello: Okay. Steven, the cash flow is real simple for the Super Bowl. It got counter paid within 30 days, so the Super Bowl aired in February, we got all of our money in Q1 so there's no any receivables we're waiting to get paid for the Super Bowl. Obviously, if you just look historically at us, Q4 is a big cash flow quarter for us. Political, it's COD, cash on delivery because in case candidates don't win, they lose, they don't pay, yeah, they don't want to pay so we get that money upfront, so if you want to look at our days sales outstanding, that will decrease in the fourth quarter so we expect to have a strong finish to cash flow.
Steven Cahall: Okay. Great. And then just to follow up on sports and streaming, we've seen a couple of deals with Internet companies getting some, maybe not core sports streaming rights, but a bit of a toehold on sports streaming. So I was wondering if you could comment at all on how that model differs from broadcast, if that's doing anything to cost? And then more importantly as we think about All Access, is that a potential avenue for sports streaming rights to go online at some point in the future?
Leslie Moonves: I don't know what the model quite is for some of these streaming rights that these guys are getting. I know they're paying a lot of money, and clearly these sports leagues are  they want to expand how people are watching their shows. So it seems to be working out right. We are looking forward to  we have the NCAA basketball tournament in All Access. We don't have the NFL yet, but we hope to have that sometime in the future. And all the leads are very smart, they're very savvy about what's going on digitally and they were all part of it as are we. So we're looking at it together.
Steven Cahall: Thank you.
Adam Townsend: Thank you, Steven. And why don't we take one final question, please?
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Laura Martin with Needham.
Laura Martin: Hey, there. Maybe a couple of follow ups. Thanks for the info on OTT.
Adam Townsend: Laura, could you speak up, please?
Laura Martin: Yeah, sure. Is that better?
Adam Townsend: Yes. Thank you.
Laura Martin: On OTT following up, how many of those subs are you now bundled where you're selling both All Access with Showtime? Interested in that. And then, Les, you're standing by this weekly delivery of new shows which has gotten some pushback from the press at least. I get that it makes more monthly subs, but is that working given that Netflix basically downloaded the whole season? And then, Joe, for you, I'm very curious, you guys are doing the most with like Twitter and Apple. Are you sort of the go-to premium program maker for the Internet space because everyone else is tied up in Hulu? Or doesn't have the quality programming you guys have?
Leslie Moonves: Laura, in terms of the bundle we have zero subs that are sold together. There will eventually be a package where you can get Showtime OTT and CBS All Access together at a potential slight discount, but as of now these 2 million are not crossed whatsoever so they're not bundled. Regarding the weekly, I guess you're referring to that Star Trek is going to be put out one episode at a time. We think that's the right way to go in this, and we think that's the better way to go. The Showtime version is the monthly as opposed to launching in a quarter two shows at the same time, we have spread it out so that there's a new show, there's a new offering on Showtime once a month or thereabouts all the way. It's not only to help streaming. It's just to help viewership in general. I think people want more new stuff and they'd rather have one beginning in September, one beginning in October and then two beginning in September. So we're doing that. We think it's the right way to do it and we are different than Netflix in a lot of ways.
Joe Ianniello: And the last part of your question, Laura, I'd like to think that we're the most innovative media company and I think the distributors, the tech companies come to us, a) because of the quality of the content, and as you point out, we're kind of a free-agent. We didn't put all of our content into a joint venture. We control it 100%, the intellectual property and we make decisions based on each individual franchise and don't have any corporate edicts that say we don't do this or that. I think we look at it holistic. I think they appreciate that and we're open to doing a lot of business with them.
Laura Martin: Thank you.
Joe Ianniello: Thank you, Laura.
Adam Townsend: Great. Thank you, Laura.
Adam Townsend: And this concludes today's call. Thank you, everyone, for joining us. Have a great evening.
Operator: And this does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-03 21:45:00) =====
Executives: Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President, Corporate Finance & Investor Relations Leslie Moonves - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC John Janedis - Jefferies LLC Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC Tim Nollen - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI David W. Miller - Topeka Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CBS Corporation First Quarter 2016 Earnings Release teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President of Corporate Finance and Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President, Corporate Finance & Investor Relations: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter 2016 earnings call. Joining us with today's remarks are Leslie Moonves, our Chairman and CEO; and Joe Ianniello, our Chief Operating Officer. Following Les and Joe's discussion of the company's performance, we will open the call up to questions. Please note that during today's conference call, the first quarter results are discussed on an adjusted basis unless otherwise specified. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found in our earnings release or on our website. Also, statements in this conference call related to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's news releases and securities filings. A webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can be found on the Investors section of our website at cbscorporation.com. With that, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Les.
Leslie Moonves - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Adam, and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you very much for joining us. I'm extremely pleased to tell you that CBS has turned in a phenomenal first quarter. Revenue was up 10% to $3.85 billion, the highest we've ever had in the first quarter in our history. Operating income was up 16% to $812 million, our best OI for any quarter ever. And EPS was up 32% to a new quarterly record of $1.02, marking the first time in the history of the CBS Corporation, that quarterly EPS came in above a dollar. I think you could see why we're so excited to be with you today. In addition to being a quarter for the record books, we had a fantastic start to what is shaping up to be an outstanding year. And beyond that, the path to our long-term success is as clear as it's ever been. As most of you know, we held an Investor Day during the quarter. We showed you how we outperformed our goal over the last five years and we laid out a roadmap to generate billions of dollars in new incremental revenue over the next five years. Each quarter going forward will represent another step in achieving this new goal and our earnings today are just the beginning. As we look at today's results, it's important to note that in addition to the new incremental revenue we outlined for you on Investor Day, advertising was also way up in Q1. Advertising grew 31% overall and 49% at the CBS Television Network. Obviously, the Super Bowl played a big part in this, but even when you take out the Super Bowl, and our three extra NFL games, underlying network advertising was up 12%, the strongest we've seen in a long, long time. Clearly, there's a shift in dollars coming back to network television. Part of this is because there are questions now arising about the effectiveness of certain digital advertising platforms. And as a recent study by Standard Media Index showed, there is a direct correlation between TV advertising and sales results. At the same time, basic cable doesn't have the reach of network television, and most of its channels are seeing bigger and bigger declines in ratings. So, marketers are realizing once again, that they get their best returns with broadcast television advertising. This is a big part of why you're seeing the kind of results we're talking about today. In addition to advertising coming back, we're also seeing significant gains in other key growth areas as well. Retrans and reverse comp are set to surpass $1 billion this year and hit $2.5 billion in 2020. Many new lucrative skinny bundles will soon be seen. The international marketplace is exploding, with new opportunities for our CBS and Showtime content. And our over-the-top subscription services, CBS All Access and Showtime OTT, are beginning to make a meaningful contribution to our revenue and our profit. So, our base business, our new business, and our future businesses have never looked better. At the center of all this is our content, and that starts with our primetime lineup on the CBS Television Network. We are just three weeks away from the end of the 2015/2016 season. And no surprise CBS is once again a dominant number one in viewers and households. Plus, this year we're also number one across the board. We're number one in 25 to 54 and in 18 to 49. This is with, or without, football. And when you include it, we're even number one in 18 to 34. If these numbers hold up here in the next couple weeks, we'll become the first network in 14 years to be number one across all of these demographics. You don't achieve a milestone like this without the broad based strength and unparalleled reach that we have at CBS. And with the upfront upon us, we're having this remarkable success, at exactly the right time. Not only do we have the number one schedule on television, but the scatter market is as hot as it's been in many, many years. Last year, those who bought their ad time early did extremely well. Since then, scatter pricing has grown dramatically and it's clear that clients are not going to want to miss out on the opportunity to buy their time early this year. Needless to say, we feel very good about the hand we'll be playing, when negotiations begin in the coming weeks. With these ratings, this schedule, and the ad market on fire, we are salivating as we head into the upfront season. We're also extremely confident that we will have the strongest programming lineup in the marketplace. Once again, we have very few holes to fill and the bar to make it on to our primetime schedule is very high. I feel great about our existing schedule, and I look forward to unveiling our new shows at Carnegie Hall in a couple of weeks. In addition, we stand to increase the amount of primetime programming that we own. Out of 16 pilots, we have ownership in 15 of them. Meaning, we are once again looking at owning about 80% of the scripted series on our schedule next year. Remember, in addition to growing advertising dollars we get from our number one lineup, every owned series we launch creates a new opportunity for us to monetize our programming through multi-platform content licensing around the world. In sports, the return to Thursday night football will give us a tremendous promotional platform to launch our new fall lineup. We will have five strong match-ups early in the season, at a time when all the teams will still be in contention. Plus, each of our games features a team from one of our O&O markets, which will lead to significant national and local ad revenue. Last month, we also announced an extension of our partnership with Turner Sports to broadcast the NCAA men's basketball tournament until 2032. That's 16 more years. Given the terms of this deal, we can say absolutely right now that we will be profitable every single year. You don't often hear that about sports deals these days. I look forward to personally renegotiating our next extension in 2032. Turning to late night, both of our shows continue to perform very well for us. Stephen Colbert is the only late night host to post year-to-year gains in viewers and key demos and we just brought in executive producer of CBS This Morning, Chris Licht, to help build on our success. Meanwhile, James Corden, the 12:30 has become the new Internet sensation, passing one billion views on YouTube, including the two most watched clips in all of late night. And as owners of both of our late night shows, we are monetizing all of this viewing. In new season to-date, CBS This Morning and Face the Nation have their biggest audiences in 28 years and the CBS Evening News has its largest audience in 10 years. Plus 60 Minutes is the number one news programming on television and Face the Nation, 48 Hours and CBS Sunday Morning are all number one in their categories. In addition to this momentum on air, CBS News is enjoying great success in digital as well. Revenue and viewers at CBSN are growing at an extremely fast clip, including a new high of 50 million streams in Q1. And just last week, CBSN received the prestigious Webby Award for best news and info channel from The International Academy of Digital Arts and Sciences. We've also expanded our digital presence with CBS All Access, our direct-to-consumer subscription streaming service. CBS All Access is the only place you can get the entire stack of current CBS shows; and this January, we will begin streaming our first original series. All Access will be home of the first original Star Trek series in 11 years. Star Trek will debut simultaneously on both All Access and the CBS Television Network with subsequent episodes available exclusively on All Access. We have one of the best creative teams behind this show and we're confident that its large passionate fan base will lead to substantial and profitable subscriber growth. Going forward, we will be adding three to four original series per year, so stand by for more updates about CBS All Access soon. Our new over-the-top streaming service at Showtime is also driving subscriber growth and becoming a meaningful contributor to our premium cable business. This new way for consumers to sign up for Showtime has vastly expanded our potential marketplace. Cord cutters and people who used to have to buy a lot of other programming before they could get Showtime, now can get Showtime directly. Of course, it also helps that Showtime has the best year round roster of hit series in premium television. This includes Homeland, The Affair, Ray Donovan, Masters of Sex and now Billions and there's more on the way including Roadies from Cameron Crowe, I'm Dying Up Here from Jim Carrey, and the return of the classic Twin Peaks. In addition, these hit series continue to lead to lucrative international deals. During the quarter, we announced agreements to license the entire Showtime channel to Sky in Europe and Stan in Australia including shows that we haven't even launched yet. And right now, we're in discussions about a number of new similar deals that we hope to announce in the quarters to come. Each will create a growing base of recurring revenue for Showtime, and even better economics than we used to get by selling our shows individually. Turning to Publishing, great content continues to be the backbone of our success at Simon & Schuster. We're already ahead of last year's pace with 99 books on the New York Times Best Seller List with six of them having made number one. It's a great start to what is sure to be a terrific year thanks to the big titles we have coming out in the months ahead including the latest from Stephen King in the summer and the highly anticipated release of Bruce Springsteen's memoir, Born To Run, in the fall. In Local Broadcasting, our TV stations had an outstanding quarter. We set a record for Super Bowl sales and we had our best Grammys ever as well. Plus, first quarter political advertising was the strongest we've seen in several election cycles. Clearly, there are a lot of fireworks yet to come, and with those fireworks will come more revenue. Plus, there stands to be a lot more spending in local elections, as many candidates look to forge their own path rather than just tuck in with the top of their ticket. In fact, we believe that when it's said and done, we will have set a new record this year for political revenue in a presidential election year. Also in local, as we've previously announced, we are working towards separating our radio business from the CBS Corporation. While we are currently working to split off this asset, just like we did with our outdoor business, there's also been a lot of interest from outside parties. So, we have a number of different options to consider, and we will continue to keep you posted on this important initiative. As you can see across our company, we turned in a great quarter heading into a great 2016, heading into a great next five years. We're looking at the future; but at the same time, we're focusing on the here and now as well and we're hitting our numbers out of the park. As we continue to demonstrate, we have the strategy to succeed, no matter how consumers choose to get their content and no matter how quickly their viewing habits change. And because we have diversified our revenue streams, we can enjoy success, regardless of economic cycles. What's especially exciting right now is that we're operating in an environment where advertising has picked up remarkably. As I said earlier, the unique value of big-ticket programming is becoming more and more apparent every single day. So the advertising side of our company is extremely strong, which is terrific news as we enter the up-front marketplace. And on our ever-growing, non-advertising newer revenue side of our company, we're poised for continued growth as well, because we have must-have content at both CBS and Showtime, no matter how consumers choose to watch us. There are three main ways we're look at this going forward. First, is traditional MVPDs and CBS affiliates, and these deals with these partners are leading the steady, continued growth in affiliate fees, including retrans and reverse comp. Next there is the skinny bundle. You're hearing a lot of noise about these services coming to market. As they continue to take shape and they are taking shape, it's a huge positive for us. Again, the rate we get per sub here will be even higher than we're getting from our current partners. And finally, we are also in the very early stages of distributing our content through our in-house over-the-top services. Both CBS All Access and Showtime OTT are proving to be extremely valuable, strategic assets in this rapidly changing distribution landscape. So, yes, we had a phenomenal quarter with record-setting revenue and record-setting EPS, one of the best quarters we've ever had. But it's not only the short-term that makes CBS so attractive right now. It's the fact that this company is set up to succeed for many years to come. As always, I look forward to updating you on our progress. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Joe.
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: Thanks, Les, and good afternoon, everyone. As you heard, we kicked off 2016 with a record-breaking first quarter. Once again, proving that when you have the big-ticket programming and premium content that audiences have to have, the results will follow. Even better, we delivered our highest-ever quarterly profits while we continue to invest in new programming and in our distribution services. So, as we grow in the near-term, we continue to position ourselves for even more growth in the long-term. Now, let me give you some more details about our first quarter results. Revenue grew 10% to $3.85 billion. Advertising was up 31% for the quarter. As Les said, the Super Bowl led the way. However, underlying network advertising continued to accelerate from the 8% growth we saw both in Q3 and Q4 of last year and was up 12% here in Q1. That's the highest increase we've seen in five years. Affiliate and subscription fees grew 15%, driven by strong increases in retrans and reverse comp, which was up 42% for the quarter. CBS All Access and Showtime OTT also contributed to the growth, and as we continue to build our subscriber basis, our over-the-top subscription services will become a bigger part of this revenue stream in the quarters to come. Content licensing and distribution came in at $729 million, compared with $1 billion in 2015 when we had the domestic streaming sales of both NCIS, and CSI as well as the international sale of our Showtime programming to Bell media in Canada. As you know, content sales can vary from quarter-to-quarter, based on the timing of availabilities. But with our vast pipeline of hits, and huge demand around the world for our content, we are as bullish as ever about our content licensing opportunities. Also during the quarter, operating income was up 16% to $812 million, an all-time high. And we achieved this growth even as we produced 10% more episodes across our networks, including the launch of the latest Showtime hit series, Billions, which is certainly an investment that will pay off in the future. In addition, our operating income margin expanded 100 basis points to 21% and our digital initiatives added to this margin expansion. Net earnings were up 21% to a record $474 million in the first quarter. And our first quarter EPS came in at another all-time high of $1.02, up 32% from $0.77 last year. Now let's turn to our operating segments. Entertainment revenue in the first quarter was up 14% to $2.6 billion. Once again, this segment posted big gains in network advertising, which increased 49%, thanks to the Super Bowl and extra play-off game and two additional regular season Sunday games. But as we said, underlying network advertising was up 12%, driven by strong demand in the scatter marketplace. In addition, we saw healthy increases in affiliate and subscription fees, which were largely driven by retrans with an assist from CBS All Access as well. Entertainment operating income for the first quarter was up 30% to $449 million, and the operating income margin grew two points to 17%. Cable Networks revenue came in at $525 million, compared with $539 million in the first quarter of 2015, when we closed our Bell Media deal. Cable, affiliate and subscription fees grew 2% during the quarter. Cable Networks operating income for the first quarter was $228 million compared with $251 million last year, primarily because of the lower international licensing revenue and our investment in original programming. The operating income margin was a solid 43% and we expect our full-year margin to expand from here. In Publishing, revenue of $145 million was even with last year's first quarter, and digital sales represented 28% of the total revenue. Publishing operating income for the first quarter was up 8% to $13 million, driven by operating efficiencies. Local Broadcasting revenue of $649 million grew 9% from Q1 of 2015. TV stations were up 18%, led by the Super Bowl and higher political spending. Radio stations were down 2%. During the quarter, we saw a broad strength across our top advertising categories, led by auto, retail, and financial services. Local Broadcasting operating income was up 28% to $206 million in the first quarter as the segment continues to benefit from the efficiencies created by last year's restructuring activities and favorable contract negotiations. In addition, the Local Broadcasting operating income margin grew five points to 32%. Turning to cash flow and our balance sheet. Free cash flow for the first quarter came in at a record $990 million, driven by the Super Bowl, and continued growth in affiliate and subscription fees. Also during the quarter, we repurchased 10.3 million shares of our stock for $500 million. At March 31, we had $1.5 billion remaining on our current share buyback program. As we have said, we expect to complete this program by the end of the year. We continue to invest in our business first and foremost and return excess capital to shareholders. That is a key priority for us and it will remain a key priority for us going forward as well. We also ended the first quarter with a leverage ratio of under 2.6 times and $411 million of cash on hand. Now let me give you a brief update on the radio separation. We are in the process of completing the audit of the standalone financial statements of radio and we are now preparing a registration statement that we plan to file with the SEC in the June-July timeframe. We think a standalone public company exit is the best option available. However, if there is a transaction that can maximize the after tax value of this business in a shorter period of time with a higher degree of certainty, we will pursue that as well. We will keep you posted on the developments in the quarters to come. Now let me tell you a little bit about what we see ahead. 2016 will be a strong year for broadcast network advertising. As you heard, there is robust scattered demand as we head into the upfront. So, we feel very good about our ability to increase both pricing and volume, which will benefit us in Q4 of this year and the first three quarters of 2017, as well. In Local, our businesses are pacing to be up low single-digits in the second quarter, and as you know, political advertising will accelerate in the back half of the year with Q4 being the strongest. In affiliate and subscription fees, we see a lot of growth opportunities across the board, from traditional bundles to skinny bundles to over-the-top. First, as Les said, retrans and reverse comp are on track to surpass $1 billion this year. However, this is very much a long-term growth story, with 36% of our retrans and 38% of our affiliate deals expiring over the next three years. This gives us the opportunity to reset these contracts to fair market value and make our ways towards achieving our $2.5 billion revenue goal in 2020. There's also a lot of activity surrounding new skinny bundles. As we've all read recently, existing companies and new players are looking to enter this space. And CBS will be an essential part of any successful offering. So stay tuned for more on that in the coming quarters. In addition, our over-the-top services are also gaining momentum. As we told you, our target is to generate $800 million in annual revenue from CBS All Access and Showtime OTT over the next five years. While it's still early, we are on track to meet or exceed that goal. In content licensing and distribution, we have a large pipeline of programming from across our networks, including more than 600 episodes that we have not yet sold into domestic syndication or streaming. As you heard, we also have ownership in 15 out of the 16 of our CBS pilots, so we continue to build out our pipeline every day. With strong demand for our content both domestically and internationally, we will remain prudent in how we go about licensing our hit series, so that we can continue to maximize the value of every one of our franchises. So in summary, we came out of the gate with a record first quarter and we expect 2016 to continue this momentum, with political ramping in the back half of the year, continued growth in retrans and reverse comp, near-term skinny bundle opportunities, a bigger contribution from our OTT services, robust global demand for our content and a strong advertising environment. So already, year one of our five-year plan that we outlined for you at our Investor Day is shaping up to be a terrific start toward the path of long-term success. So, it's a good time to be a CBS investor today and we're confident there's plenty of upside from here because of the revenue opportunities we have before us. With that, Ann, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you very much. We'll begin with Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. I have two questions. First, Les, on advertising, can you talk about what you're seeing in the market today versus Q1? I don't know if you'll give us a number relative to that 12%. And then generally, how are your ratings trends here in scatter? Are you able to take advantage of the marketplace currently? And on the upfront, it sounded like you were thinking about selling more inventory to take advantage of this really strong market you talked about salivating. Just wondering if strategically that makes sense for you to maybe add a little more certainty into your upfront sales for next season.
Leslie Moonves - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Ben, overall advertising in the scatter marketplace continues to be extraordinarily hot. Really, we're getting into the upfront time, and it couldn't be happening at a better time. As you heard, our ratings are doing really well. Our shows are maintaining where they were. It's going be a very tough process, because we've seen a lot of pilots, and there's going to be a lot of battles in New York and L.A. over which shows get on. Yeah, we probably  our intent will be probably to sell more inventory this year. We expect to. Last year, we sold less, because the pricing wasn't as high as we wanted it to be. And once again, we gambled on scatter being better than the upfront and it proved to be a great gamble. It proved to be a great play. This year I think advertisers are coming in knowing that we have a stronger hand to play, that advertising for broadcast is going to be very, very strong. So, I would expect the volume to be up as well as the CPMs to be up a very nice amount.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That makes sense. And then unrelated, just going back. I don't know if you'll comment, Les, but there has been some news coverage on how CBS is thinking and preparing for an opportunity to look at the different share classes and maybe moving to a single class of stock. I know you can't give us a lot of specifics, but just at a high level, how are you and the board thinking about this opportunity for shareholders?
Leslie Moonves - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: All I'm going say is I have a really strong independent, smart board. We look at everything that is available out there. We're not going to comment on some rumors that have been floating around.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Fair enough. Thank you.
Leslie Moonves - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President, Corporate Finance & Investor Relations: Thank you, Ben. Ann, next question?
Operator: We'll go next to Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Both Les and Joe talked  more than alluded. You talked a little bit about the OTT platforms proliferating. And it's  obviously, the most recent being Hulu. I think, Joe is the one, and maybe both of you, said that you will be part of  you sound very confident you'll be part of any essential bundle. Given the broadcast component, will you be part of Hulu? And kind of second part of that question is the interesting part about this offer versus some of the others is the targeted advertising opportunity. Since you know who your subscribers are, can you talk a little bit about that, whether it's within your OTT platform or part of somebody else's?
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, Jessica, it's Joe. Look, obviously we're the number one network, so you just step back, you say for any bundle to be successful, not to have the number one network doesn't seem like that's a good start. So, when we say that, obviously we're feeling good about where we are, and we know the CBS All Access subscriber trends and that data. So, that positions us very well. So, we laid out that opportunity at our Investor Day, and I think the opportunity is very real, but we're going talk to everyone.
Leslie Moonves - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, regarding Hulu we talk to everybody, we listen to everybody. As you know, we're not a partner in Hulu, nor do we want to be. But  so, if they offer us the right pricing for our subs, we will absolutely consider it. And as Joe said, it's going to be hard to offer a pure offering without having CBS as part of it.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Absolutely. And could you just address the targeted advertising opportunities within the OTT platforms? Whether it's on Hulu or on your own platform?
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, look that's a pricing question, Jessica. And obviously, the more targeted the better ROI for our advertisers. I think, again they're going to obviously willing to pay a higher price, because it just makes sense. So, we're going to go in with that data and if that data is driving incremental sales, you should be rest assured we're going to monetize that.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I guess just the last, very last thing from me. When you approach the upfront market, and you are obviously dealing from a position of strength in a very strong market, how different will it be than traditional sales? Will there be  I mean, you have many digital properties, how much  and we've seen video on demand, dynamic ad insertion on VOD. Can you just talk about how different or how much of other pieces will come into this year?
Leslie Moonves - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Look, Jessica, you know Joanne Ross as well as I do. She is a world-class, our Head of Sales. She always maximizes the market. Obviously, this year the digital properties that we have, there will be conversations with them and there will be some cross-selling. It won't be as essential as it is at certain other companies, but our digital properties are very valuable and I'm sure across the board there will be a lot more multiplatform selling.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Leslie Moonves - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President, Corporate Finance & Investor Relations: Thank you, Jessica. Next question, please?
Operator: We'll go next to Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, thank you. Just following up on that last question, I guess I'd love to hear how you balance the priority of the growth and all the investing you're making in CBS All Access with the financial benefits of participating in other streaming or over-the-top products. I guess if you could elaborate on how you look at the pros and cons of that. And then just a follow-up question if I can. If you could just maybe, Joe, maybe elaborate on Entertainment margins. They were up a lot more than we expected. Despite the Super Bowl, which obviously had some hefty costs, is it just the underlying advertising was so strong? I guess where the upside in the margins in Entertainment came from?
Leslie Moonves - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Alexia, I'll do the first question. I'll have Joe do the second. I can give you two words: Star Trek. Once again, every other streaming service was after Star Trek. We could have cashed in for a lot of money selling it to the Netflix, the Amazon, the Hulu. They were all very interested in it. We know that Star Trek is a high-priced, quality product. And we feel like it is better by the way, knowing that we will have very strong international sales, which we're already getting in. That it's important that we show the world and we show everybody that All Access is a priority for us. It's very important to us and there are a lot of very rabid Star Trek fans who are going to sign up for it. We will follow that up with additional original content and we continue to play it that way.
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: And, Alexia, on the Entertainment margin question, I think you kind of hit it on the head when you said underlying network advertising. When you have underlying network advertising growing at 12%, those are very high margin dollars. Because all we're paying right on that is a commission. So, that's what drove the margin expansion.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President, Corporate Finance & Investor Relations: Thanks, Alexia. Let's go to another question, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Morris with Guggenheim Securities.
Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. Couple questions on return on the investments that you are making. Maybe just to follow-up on the last one with respect to the Super Bowl. And the pricing on inventory at the Super Bowl seemed to grow a lot and I believe you're getting paid from your affiliates as well. And so, I'm curious whether the Super Bowl, which I think historically has been viewed as sort of a breakeven product at the network, whether it is becoming more profitable and whether sports inventories can or will become more profitable over time? And then second, on Showtime, number one, you showed us a lot of good content that you have coming out this year. Can you talk a little bit about how the programming budget is growing there this year? And then also, as we think about the top-line growth in the near-term kind of over the next year, how much is coming from trying to drive subscribers through the sort of legacy model? And how much do you feel we're really going to start to see between the over-the-top and the international deals you signed? Thanks.
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: Okay. Michael, the second part, the Showtime programming, look, we're managing the budget. I think you saw all those new shows that are going. Obviously, it's in context with Showtime OTT growing as well as the base business. So again, I think if you looked at Showtime's margin, consistently you're seeing it in the mid-40%s. And we expect to maintain that. So again, the investment is kind of  we're feeding the growth with content. And I think that's the key and we're doing it smartly.
Leslie Moonves - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And on the sports question, obviously we do a long-term deal with the NFL, included in that deal is three or four Super Bowls. So that is all figured in on how we amortize the cost. Yes, our pricing was phenomenal. The market was extraordinarily strong at the time. Look, our affiliates contribute to our football rights fee. They don't specifically pay extra for the Super Bowl. However, knowing how much money our O&Os made during the Super Bowl with pricing being as high as it is, we assume our affiliates did quite well, as well. So, the Super Bowl ended up being very profitable, more because of the O&Os and the rest is figured in the overall deal.
Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thanks. And just if I could on the first question, the power of the international agreements that you signed, I think part of it had to do with when you deliver the programming. Do you expect that as the year progresses, we'll see the full benefit as these shows roll out? Or it is something that should continue  maybe we'll see more benefit in 2017 from the product that's being rolled out in 2016?
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, I think again the way you should think about it is, these services again are singing up for the Showtime brand. So, it's the brand, Showtime. It's past, current and future series, Mike. So each day, we're adding to that pipeline at fixed price, at a fixed price. So, we know what that is. So, yeah, I think that's going to build over time. And again, we will roll that out to additional countries as those opportunities present themselves. So, we do see that as a growing opportunity.
Leslie Moonves - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And, Mike, the reason this happened is because Showtime's batting average is as good as any service in the world. In other words, they realized they can bet on the next 10 series on Showtime and pay for it now, because David Nevins has done such a fabulous job of programming.
Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Great. Thanks a lot, guys.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President, Corporate Finance & Investor Relations: Great. Thank you, Mike. Next question?
Operator: We'll go next to John Janedis with Jefferies.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Thank you. Les, you spoke to questions about the effectiveness of certain digital platforms. And I think looking back, you were early to the conversation on dollars shifting back to TV. So, as your sales team goes to market into and beyond the upfront, is there any sense that digital platforms are changing price or improving measurement to re-accelerate the share gains back to digital? Or maybe asked differently, to what extent are you confident the shift has a long tail?
Leslie Moonves - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Look, we feel like  digital is obviously going to be very, very important. It is for us. It is for many companies in the future. Obviously, there was some kinks in the system where people were paying for a lot of fraudulent numbers of people that weren't really watching. So, I think data becomes very, very important and more accurate data. In addition, what makes us confident is, by the same token, digital becomes important and stays important, there is a better effect of watching a television show. There's more engagement in that, and the effectiveness of advertising of broadcast television is far superior to that. And it's been proven that digital sales that go along with broadcast sales are by far the most effective. So, by no means are we denigrating digital sales, and we're a major part of it. But, I think the bang for the buck is much higher on broadcast.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: All right. Thanks, Les. And maybe a follow-up on Showtime. You talked about the roster and I'm wondering if you are seeing any changes in churn as a result. And then separately, given how crowded the market's gotten with Netflix and Amazon, do you see any need to go beyond the 12 or so originals a year?
Leslie Moonves - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, we would like to go beyond the original 12 a year but, you know what? Our subs are going up at Showtime. So these guys are not affecting. If we do what we continue to do, which is produce quality programing, both scripted as well as much more documentaries and great sports shows, we expect that to continue on. We view Netflix and Amazon regarding Showtime program as a competitor. But, as I said, our batting average when you have a murderer's row like we do in that programming with more to come, we feel very confident we're going to continue to win.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Has churn improved?
Leslie Moonves - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: What?
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Has churn improved?
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. Look, I think again, because we're changing the release schedule, I think that helps I think, John, with the churns, because I think you're seeing that because there's always something else. I think if you have one hit series and it's on one time during the year and then you kind of go stale the rest of the year, I think you see churn. But when you have something coming every single quarter, every single month, you see reduction in churn. And we're absolutely seeing that.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Okay.
Leslie Moonves - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: By the way, three of the last quarters of last year, Showtime was the highest performing  had highest ratings on any premium network in the three quarters of the four quarters. So that tells you about our programming versus other's programming.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Thanks a lot.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President, Corporate Finance & Investor Relations: Thank you, John. Ann, next question?
Operator: We'll go next to Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I had two questions. First, Joe, on the radio separation you mentioned, do you expect that to be structured as an IPO of the business with proceeds going to CBS and CBS retaining a stake? Or will it be a complete separation of the business? And then also wanted to ask you about the working capital used we should expect in 2016 as you are expanding your content production. Thank you.
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: Sure. Bryan, it's Joe. So, the radio separation, yeah, we do anticipate a traditional two-step and IPO where it'd be sub 20%, again, similar to outdoor if you just looked at that as a template where CBS would own again, 80%-plus initially. But then we would follow that up later with a full separation of the assets, probably again an exchange offer vis--vis a split-off. Again, very similar to what we just did with outdoor. That being said, there's a lot of other opportunities in front of us. So, we will explore all those opportunities and pursue the one that we believe will maximize value for shareholders. As far as working capital, Bryan, obviously that has big swings. But obviously this one is a good swing because the Super Bowl. So, we're  the timing of those payments differ from when we paid the NFL and when we collected so I think 2016 is certainly off to a good working capital year; but as you know, we don't forecast that because obviously a lot of things can swing that from year-to-year.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President, Corporate Finance & Investor Relations: Thank you, Bryan. Next question?
Operator: We'll go next to Doug Mitchelson with UBS.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: Well, thanks so much. A couple questions. Joe, you noted that CBS and Showtime OTT are on track to meet or exceed the long-term goal from the Analyst Day. Was your forecast based on a straight-line subscriber growth pattern?
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, Doug, I don't know if it's exactly straight line, but again because of the way the content's getting rolled out, it will be tied to that; but I mean, pretty close to that, Doug. I don't see any huge differences. Obviously 2017 with Star Trek, Twin Peaks and the others I think that's going to be a big year for us going into that. But then from there, it'll be more steady but there will be accelerated growth over the next in the coming months.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: And Les, two questions, if I could. When I talked to ad execs, it's pretty clear the broadcast network salespeople want double-digit upfront price increases, and ad buyers are saying no way they'll pay double-digits. Do you think CBS can tip into double-digit price increases in the upfront?
Leslie Moonves - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I do.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: And I just was hoping you would give some comments on programming strategy. I mean, you've obviously gone through the TV development process. I mean, 15 pilots to 16 pilots being in-house, 15 pilots on 16 pilots, any concerns you are not beating the bushes as much as you should to find the next hit show? Should we take that as a sign...
Leslie Moonves - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No. As to the 16 pilots, about eight pilots of them we own ourselves and about seven pilots of them we co-own.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: Okay.
Leslie Moonves - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We have deals, we have shows, we have ABC, NBC, Sony and Warner Bros. So, we're doing business with virtually everybody in town. They're just co-productions.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: That's helpful.
Leslie Moonves - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: Any thought about programming strategy? I mean, everyone is desperate for comedies. Are you trying to push younger? Do you stay in your lane because you continue...
Leslie Moonves - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Doug, I've been doing this for a long time. As you say, everybody wants us to push younger. As I said earlier, we're going to win 18 to 34. You don't get younger than that, it looks like and we're definitely winning 18 to 49. And frankly, look, it's not much different year-over-year. We have, as I said, 16 pilots. They are like eight dramas and eight comedies. The best shows get on the air. The best shows get on the air for us and we could add extra comedies or not. We're going through our process now. It's a very exciting time of the year. I'm happy with what I'm seeing so far. We've certainly got enough players to put on. So, I don't think my strategy has changed any year except to win.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: And the last part of the programming strategy part is everybody is trying to make TV in Hollywood these days. Any cost pressures or issues that we should be aware of as you look at these pilots?
Leslie Moonves - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Cost pressures, I can guarantee you that the amount of money that will be spent on programming next year on CBS will probably be less than was spent this year.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: Terrific. Thanks so much, Les and Joe.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President, Corporate Finance & Investor Relations: Thanks, Doug. Next question, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Tim Nollen from Macquarie.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thanks. We've had a few questions on digital versus linear advertising. I've actually got a couple more, if we could try to close the loop, please. First off, you mentioned 12% underlying growth in TV for the CBS Network. I assume that's TV and digital both. And if I'm right, could you possibly break out the split or the growth rates of the two? And then secondly, with All Access, assuming that the new originals you are putting on All Access will be episodic  i.e., you're not going to drop all the Star Trek episodes on at once. They will be on once a week as they would be on broadcast. But correct me if I'm wrong there. I assume you are going to be taking ad monetization there. What sort of rating system might you use for that? Will you be giving guarantees, et cetera, like you would on traditional TV? And are you basically going to turn All Access into another form of CBS Network?
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, Tim, it's Joe. Let me start with the first one. We don't break it out. Again, the lion's share of the 12%, the Television Network was up 49%. And, again, that's a Television Network, the traditional as we know it. Obviously again, the digital part is a small part of the Entertainment segment. But obviously growing faster; but again, it's a much smaller number. So it doesn't move the needle like  it may in future. So I don't follow. Again, the second part of your question, Tim, can you just clarify that with the...
Leslie Moonves - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, by the way, it will be episodic, Tim. It will. There won't be the Netflix.
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: Right.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay.
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: Week-by-week, yeah.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: That's what I assumed, which would make sense, obviously. So it seems like if you're going to be doing Star Trek and then 10, 12 other new originals over the next few years on All Access, it feels like you're turning that into a new delivery vehicle for the CBS Network. I mean, you'll have a lot of originals on that, just as you do on your TV network. So, the question is, how will you seek to monetize that with advertising? Would you use a similar rating system as for linear? Would you give guarantees? How would the ad market work for All Access? Similar to the network business?
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. Look again, it's similar to the network, it's going to be priced at a CPM that we deliver based on demographics. And again if we had more targeted advertising, we can deliver, we're going to want a premium to that. So again, the $6 offering would be additive to the advertising. So clearly, we're not going to price it lower than broadcast advertisers. So the question is, how high can the market support?
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President, Corporate Finance & Investor Relations: Thank you, Tim. Ann, next question.
Operator: We'll go next to Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. Thanks. I have a couple questions. First, Joe, you talked about the 36% of your footprint is up for retrans; 38% for reverse over the next three years. Can you talk about what that looks like per year? Is it more front-end loaded, backend loaded?
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: I would say most of that  and again, when I said three years, it's 2016, 2017 and 2018. Most of that is in 2017. A big chunk of that 36% for retrans, 38% for affiliate. Again the lion  big  majority, I would say is in 2017.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay.
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: So that's going to be a good reset year for us next year.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And then in terms of the radio IPO, I thought you had some synergies in the markets where you had both radio and TV. So, will there be any impact in the TV-only markets afterwards?
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: No, whatever synergies we're going to preserve. So I mean again if they're co-located in a facility. We'll make sure the lease covers both entities. So we're not going to lose any efficiencies by separating it out. Again, we're not going do that, that doesn't make any sort of sense. There's obviously a lot of stations that have call letters with our call letters on them, and so we will preserve that. So, again we're trying to add to both the profitability of the TV and radio stations, not make one go up and the other down.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it. And then one last one. The plus 12% at the network core, I guess, that includes the Grammys, correct? Do you have the number excluding the Grammys?
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, that includes the Grammys, because we have the Grammys every year.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President, Corporate Finance & Investor Relations: Great. Thank you, Marci. Next question, please?
Operator: We'll go next to Vijay Jayant with Evercore.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Given the distributors are all contemplating  your incumbent distributors are all contemplating an IP-only product possibly over the next few years, can you talk about the step-ups you can see on that right that you give them? And also will the heritage scale matter in that step-up possibly?
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, Vijay, look, I think that the traditional guys as they come to us as they're changing their distribution, we're going to be open. They're our partners. We want them to be successful. They have an installed base. But again, we've always said from day one, we're open to this, but we've got to be paid value for that. For what we're delivering, if it's rights outside the home or whatever, what have you, we're willing to work with our partners. But there's got to be value benefit coming back to the folks who create and own the intellectual property.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI: Are your retrans numbers including some expectation there or that could be upside?
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: Look, we think it's upside. We gave you the retrans number at the Investor Day. We were pretty clear about what that is per sub, on the retrans and reverse comp side. And, again, we said that would include out-of-home rights, but certainly again if we're talking stuff beyond that, that will be additive. We're pretty good at math.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI: Great. Just a housekeeping. Local TV, ex-Super Bowl. Is there any underlying ad number there? Thanks.
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: Local TV, ex-Super Bowl, underlying TV is up-low single digits if you exclude all comparables. Let's just put it that way.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI: Great. Thanks so much.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President, Corporate Finance & Investor Relations: Thank you. And we have time for one last question.
Operator: And that will be from David Miller with Topeka Capital Markets.
David W. Miller - Topeka Capital Markets: Yeah, hey, guys. Les, seven weeks ago at the Analyst Day, you prognosticated that for the upfront, volume across all six of the major broadcast networks would be up I think you said 9.5% and up at least 5%, correct me if I'm wrong, when excluding the Summer Olympics. Just given the tone of this call, which is obviously outstanding, and just given that things seem to have accelerated over the last seven weeks, do you want to improve any of those bogeys at this time? Or do you want to stick with the 9.5%? Then I have a follow-up, thanks.
Leslie Moonves - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, David, if you recall, that was Dr. Poltrack's acknowledgment of how he looked at the market. Frankly, being up 12%, right now I would say that number was conservative. I think that number was conservative. I think it will end up being a bit higher than that. I'm not going predict what it is. But we've outperformed where we thought we'd be in the first quarter, so we think we'll outperform for the year as well.
David W. Miller - Topeka Capital Markets: Okay, very good. And then what's you guys' inclination in participating in this spectrum auction? I mean, obviously, it's a reverse auction. You are competing for the buyer by cutting prices in each round of bidding. What's your sort of threshold for level of annoyance? And I mean, everything just kind of gets whittled down. I mean, what's your threshold? Is it $100 million? $50 million? When do you walk away from the auction?
Leslie Moonves - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: David, unfortunately we are not allowed to answer your question in that, we are obviously we've thrown our hat in the ring in a number of markets and that's basically all we can say. We're in a period of quiet right now, before...
David W. Miller - Topeka Capital Markets: Yep.
Leslie Moonves - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: ...the auction begins. And I will be happy to answer your question six months from now.
David W. Miller - Topeka Capital Markets: Okay. Fair enough. Congratulations on the stellar results.
Leslie Moonves - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President, Corporate Finance & Investor Relations: Thank you, David. And this concludes today's call. Thank you, everyone, for joining us. Have a great evening.
Operator: And again, this does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-12 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Adam Townsend - EVP, Corporate Finance and IR Leslie Moonves - Chairman, President and CEO Joe Ianniello - COO
Analysts: Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities John Janedis - Jefferies Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Doug Mitchelson - UBS Laura Martin - Needham & Company Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI David Miller - Topeka Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CBS Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Release Teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to the Executive Vice President of Corporate Finance and Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead, sir.
Adam Townsend: Thank you, Gwen. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our fourth-quarter and full-year 2015 earnings call. Listening on the phone is our Chairman Emeritus, Sumner Redstone. And joining us with today's remarks are our recently elected Chairman, Leslie Moonves, who also remains CEO; and our Chief Operating Officer, Joe Ianniello. Les and Joe will discuss the strategic and financial results of the Company, and we will then open the call up to questions. Please note that during today's conference call, the full-year and fourth-quarter results are discussed on an adjusted basis, unless otherwise specified. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found in our earnings release or on our Web site. Also, statements in this conference call related to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's news releases and securities filings. A webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can be found on the investor section of our Web site at cbscorporation.com. And with that, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Les.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you, Adam, and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us once again. First, last week, as you heard, I was elected Chairman of this great Company. I want to start today by thanking Sumner by thanking our Vice Chair, Shari Redstone, and our Board of Directors for this great vote of confidence. It is indeed an honor to be the Chairman of CBS. I also want to say, right up front that I couldn't be more pleased and encouraged about the continued strength of the CBS Corporation. Our assets are performing extremely well, and they are set up for a terrific future. I know you've been sorting through a lot of earnings analysis this week, and when you look at CBS you'll see that we have a unique and compelling story. So, now let's get to the results. I'm extremely pleased to tell you that we delivered a terrific fourth quarter. We posted our best results of 2015 and built on the momentum that we began to see in Q3. Fourth-quarter revenue was up 6% to $3.9 billion, the highest quarter in the history of CBS. Operating income was also up 6% to $747 million and was a fourth-quarter record. And EPS was up 19% to $0.92, again the best EPS we've ever achieved. The good news is these strong fourth-quarter results are serving as a springboard for what is going to be an outstanding 2016. In the year ahead, we are set for broad-based strength across all of our revenue sources. First, advertising is as robust as we've seen in a long time. Scatter pricing is way up over last year's upfront, a fact that will be fresh in the mind of buyers as they approach this year's upfront in just a few months. This bodes very well for us, and we expect significant increases. On top of that, as you know, we just had the Super Bowl here in the first quarter, the third highest-rated broadcast in the history of television. And we have an extraordinarily Grammy show coming up this Monday. And we will obviously benefit greatly from the presidential election, which will be extremely competitive for quite a while. This will give us a huge lift of political advertising to the third and especially the fourth quarters. Next, 2016 will be a landmark year in terms of re-trans and reverse comp. Pricing has increased even faster than we anticipated meaning we will pass $1 billion in revenue this year, well ahead of our previous outlook. And we are confident we will exceed $2 billion in re-trans and reverse comp by 2020. 2016 will also be the year that our Over-The-Top subscription services began to make a positive impact on our financial performance. Both CBS All Access and Showtime OTT continued to pace ahead of our expectations, including the most All Access sign-ups we've ever had this past Sunday with many more to come next week, thanks to the Grammys. These new subs are bringing in younger audiences at economics that are much better for us. In addition, the response to our upcoming highly anticipated new Star Trek series, which will be seen only on All Access, except for the first episode, has been tremendous. And we are now looking at the possibility of utilizing CBS Studios to create additional exclusive programming for All Access. So stay tuned for more on that and for updates about Showtime OTT as well. Next, 2016 will be a game-changing year for us internationally. Most significantly, our strategy of licensing the entire Showtime brand overseas has taken off. What started with a groundbreaking deal with Bell Media in Canada a year ago has expanded to the UK, Ireland, Germany, Austria, Italy through a huge deal with Sky and to Australia through a lucrative deal with Stan and there are more of these to come. In addition to Showtime demand for our CBS content has never been stronger around the world. For the first time, we now have a financially substantial deal in China to license our CBS and Showtime programming. So from advertising to retrans and reverse comp, to Over-The-Top, to international licensing, 2016 is poised to be a banner year for the CBS Corporation. As you know, what makes us so successful is the strength of our content. And it all starts with the CBS Television Network, where we are number-one this season in all key demographics. Yes, 18 to 49, 25 to 54, viewers and households -- CBS is number-one across the board, with a little help from the Super Bowl. Across the entire multi-platform media landscape, CBS has the most watched content in the business. This includes the number-one comedy, Big Bang Theory, and the number-one drama, NCIS. Both of these shows are watched by an average of more than 20 million people, week after week. No other network has two series that reach anywhere near that kind of audience. The breadth of our programming is also key to our success. We are number-one every single night of the week this season, with five of the top 10 shows on television. And when you count all of our viewers across platforms, CBS is up 6% from where it was 15 years ago. So, we have steady, broad-based success at the network, and there's no one better at aggregating a mass audience. As we told you, and as you know, CBS just aired the biggest television event of them all, Super Bowl 50. As expected, the game drew a massive audience. On average, throughout the night, we had 112 million viewers with millions more watching online, and we monetized them all. As a result, we significantly exceeded our financial targets, which once again will be a big boost to our first quarter. In fact, taken together with the Mayweather-Pacquiao fight last May, we're now pretty certain that CBS has had the two biggest revenue days in the history of media. This past Sunday was also very special for us, because CBS aired the very first Super Bowl on January 15, 1967. Clearly the game has come a long way since then. In fact, a 60-second spot during that first game went for $85,000. This year, that same 60 seconds costs $10 million. Back in 1967, the number-one scripted show on television was The Andy Griffith Show on CBS. And, today, the number-one scripted show on television is NCIS, also on CBS. Some things, I guess, never change. In addition, we announced last week that we have retained the rights to Thursday Night Football for the next two years, with five games per year in the first half of the season. We think this is the right amount of games at the right value, at the right time of the year, to kick off our schedule this fall. Meanwhile, the Super Bowl was also a terrific lead-in for Sunday night special broadcasts of The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, and The Late Late Show with James Corden, each of which had by far the biggest audiences they've ever had that night. Both of these shows continue to post big gains in ad revenues, up double digits year-over-year. The Late Show with Stephen Colbert is the only late-night shown in its time period to grow in viewers and key demos from a year ago. And as the election nears, there is no one on late night that stands to capitalize on the opportunities from the race more than Stephen.  In addition, The Late Late Show with James Corden has become a social media sensation. At this point, every Carpool Karaoke segment he posts is a viral hit. The one he did last month with Adele is now approaching 70 million streams, the most watched YouTube clip ever by a late-night host. And since we now own both of these late-night shows, we can monetize all of this online viewing as well, a number that keeps getting bigger and bigger every week. Another area where we are seeing growth across platforms is at CBS News. Our flagship newscasts are growing viewers faster than any other network. CBS This Morning is attracting the biggest morning audience we've had in 28 years. The show is averaging 1 million more viewers than it did when we launched our new format four years ago, making it more profitable every single year, with lots of upside in this lucrative time period. The CBS Evening News is also on a roll. During the quarter, the show delivered its largest audience in nine years. Plus, on the weekends, we have the number-one morning news program, with CBS Sunday Morning; the number-one public affairs show, with Face the Nation; and of course, 60 Minutes, the number-one news program in all of television and of all time, and a top 10 program nearly every single week. This includes last month's episode, where Charlie Rose interviewed Sean Penn and brought in well more than 20 million viewers, leading to the largest non-sports audience for a single broadcast this season. As we grow our news viewers on air, we're also growing them online. CBSN, our digital news network, has attracted more viewers every single quarter since we launched in November of 2014. During the fourth quarter, we had nearly twice as many streams as we had in the third. And engagement levels are very high, which is important to advertisers, with the average viewing session now exceeding 40 minutes. Plus, these new viewers are 20 years younger than the ones on broadcast or cable news. Clearly, this is where the future of news is going to be, and we are going to be there. Turning to cable, Showtime is doing spectacularly well, both creatively and in sub growth too. Our new series, Billions, is off to a terrific start and I'm guessing many of you are contributing to that success. The premier of Billions was the best-ever launch for a freshman Showtime series and ratings have gone up dramatically each week since then. This is a genuine hit. And because of that we've already announced that the show has been picked up for a second season. Once again, we own 100% of Billions, which has a very nice ring to it. Billions is the latest in an incredibly strong line-up of Showtime hits, with more to come, including the highly anticipated return of Twin Peaks, which will debut next year. So from Homeland, to The Affair, to Ray Donovan, to Masters of Sex, to Shameless, to Billions, to Twin Peaks, we have a murderer's row of original programming on Showtime. And each hit we launch is bringing a lift to Showtime's OTT service, which is growing in subscribers, month after month. For example, when we premiered the most recent seasons of The Affair and Homeland in the fall, digital subs more than doubled. And now Billions is providing yet another surge. Growing OTT subs remains a top priority at Showtime, and represents a tremendous financial opportunity for us. At Simon & Schuster, we turned in an extremely strong quarter, also thanks to the strength of our premium content. For the year, we had 249 New York Times bestsellers with 32 reaching number one. And in 2016, we will be putting out new titles by some of the biggest names in publishing and entertainment, including Stephen King and Amy Schumer. And as we announced today, we are very excited to have the new Born to Run book by Bruce Springsteen, which we think will be the biggest title of the year. It's good to have The Boss at CBS. Our big-ticket content is also the key to our success at our local TV stations. Ad rates on the Super Bowl Sunday were up 45% from when we last had the game three years ago. And local sales for the Grammys on Monday are pacing to be up in the teens compared to last year. And, of course, we are preparing what looks to be a record year in terms of political advertising. The crowd of candidates remains large and there's a lot of uncertainty, which is just the way we like it. Once again based on Iowa and New Hampshire, this race is going on for a long, long time. And in addition to our TV stations, we also look forward to a lift from political dollars in radio this fall as well. As others in the industry have done, we have adjusted the book value of our radio business. This is an accounting move that doesn't limit our belief in the business as a high-margin vehicle that throws off a lot of cash for our shareholders. Also in our local broadcasting segment, we have filed to have some of our television stations participate in the upcoming spectrum auction. It's a compelling option to have and could serve as a lucrative source of added cash for us down the road. So, our fourth-quarter and 2015 results were terrific but what we're really excited about is the future. What others see as challenges, we see as opportunities. This is because CBS is unique in its standing as a media company that is poised to succeed no matter how the world changes. For eight years running now we have had more top 20 shows than any other media outlet, regardless of platforms. Add to that our major sports packages. Also live events, like this Monday's Grammys, and the millions and millions of viewers we have across our other day parts, it becomes clear that CBS has to be part of any viable distribution package. In the 180-channel traditional bundle, we will be there. In the skinny bundle of 15 channels, we will be there too and for broadband-only homes we will be there with All Access and Showtime OTT. So we have vast headroom to grow in the current ecosystem and we have even bigger growth opportunities in an unbundled universe as well. Once again, I'm extremely pleased that we had an outstanding fourth quarter and across the corporation and I'm even more excited that we are poised to have a phenomenal 2016. As always, we appreciate your support.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joe Ianniello: Thanks, Les, and good afternoon, everyone. As you heard, CBS capped off 2015 with a record fourth quarter, and we're building off that strength here in 2016. We are clearly firing on all cylinders. Advertising continues to benefit from a strong scatter marketplace. Re-trans and reverse comp are set to hit $1 billion in revenue. International licensing has surpassed $1.5 billion, and continues to grow. And our Over-The-Top services are expanding rapidly. We continue to set ourselves up for the future by investing in premium content and in our own distribution services. So as Les said, we are poised to succeed no matter how viewers choose to consume their content. Now let me give you some more details about our fourth quarter results. Revenue for the quarter was up 6% to an all-time high of $3.9 billion and all three of our major revenue sources grew nicely. During the quarter, advertising was up 1%, despite comping against strong local political advertising from 2014. Network advertising led the way and grew 8% during the quarter, and gained momentum from the third quarter. And on a full-year basis, underlying network advertising was up 4%. Affiliate and subscription fee revenue was up 13% for the fourth quarter, as retrans and reverse comp continues to grow with each new deal that we do. And content licensing and distribution was up 16%, driven by our new deals to license our Showtime programming internationally, which once again underscores the strength of our strategy to own more of our content across our networks and monetize it globally. We also turned in operating income that grew 6% to $747 million, a fourth-quarter record. And we achieved that increase even as we produced 14% more original programming hours at CBS, Showtime, and The CW. Once again, this investment in content sets us up for bigger monetization opportunities in the future. In addition, net earnings from continuing operations of $436 million was up 8% in the fourth quarter. And EPS was up 19% to $0.92, another all-time high, marking our 24th consecutive quarter of EPS growth. In terms of our results for the quarter, our EPS was adjusted to exclude three items to better reflect the performance of our business. They include an after-tax restructuring charge of $16 million, which will have a short 12-month payback to it; a non-cash impairment charge of $297 million, net of tax, to reduce the book value of our local radio group; and an after-tax gain of $128 million on the sale of an interactive business in China. Now let's turn to our operating segments. In entertainment, fourth-quarter revenue of $2.5 billion was up 9%? And just like our total Company results, we posted strong growth across our key revenue sources here, as well. As I mentioned, network advertising grew 8%. Retrans and reverse comp was up a strong 44%, and content licensing increased 7%. Entertainment operating income for the fourth quarter came in at $347 million, up 37% due to strong growth in our high-margin revenue streams. As a result, our operating income margin expanded 300 basis points. At our cable network segment, fourth-quarter revenue grew 13% to $562 million, driven by Showtime's new international licensing deal, which covers five countries across Europe. As we continue to do more of these deals, we are creating guaranteed revenue streams that will benefit Showtime for years to come. In addition, we are also growing in the U.S., where our Showtime subs reached an all-time high at the end of 2015 of just under 24 million. Our fourth-quarter cable operating income came in at $228 million compared with $241 million in Q4 of 2014, primarily due to the mix of titles sold and the benefit of the Bell Media deal from a year ago. As we have said consistently, margins should be looked at on a full-year basis. For 2015, our margin here came in at 42%. And looking ahead to 2016, we expect our operating margins to expand at our cable network segment. In publishing, fourth-quarter revenue of $233 million was up 8% as a result of our strong titles, demonstrating that this segment too, is driven by good content. In addition, as more consumers are listening to audio books on their mobile devices, we are seeing strong sales in digital audio, which was up 35% during the quarter. Publishing operating income for the fourth quarter grew 36% to $34 million, and the operating income margin expanded 3 points to 15%. Looking ahead to 2016, we expect to grow our operating margin here by strong title releases, led by the Bruce Springsteen book Les just mentioned. In local broadcasting, fourth-quarter revenue came in at $719 million compared with $785 million in the prior period when we had the mid-term elections. However, non-political revenue grew 1%, which is in line with what we told you on our last call. Telecom, food and beverage, and entertainment were the best-performing categories during the quarter. Local broadcasting operating income for the fourth quarter was $232 million compared with $292 million a year ago. Our local broadcasting margin came in at 32%. And we expect our margin to expand in 2016 as a result of the cost savings initiatives we have been implementing, as well as political advertising. Turning to cash flow and our balance sheet. For all of 2015, free cash flow was $1.2 billion, up from $1 billion in 2014. We ended 2015 with $323 million of cash on hand, and gross debt of $8.4 billion, which yields a prudent 2.7 times leverage ratio. Also for the year, we repurchased nearly 52 million shares of our stock for $2.8 billion. We have $2 billion remaining on our share buyback program, which we expect to complete in 2016. Returning value to our shareholders remains a key priority for us. Now let me give you a few observations of what we see ahead. For advertising, the momentum that started in Q3 of 2015 continues to build here in Q1 of 2016. At the network, we expect a very strong first quarter driven by an extra NFL playoff game, Super Bowl 50, and the Grammys, as well as growth in the scatter marketplace, which continues to benefit us because of the inventory we held back from last year's up fronts. Local broadcasting will also get a lift from the Super Bowl, and is pacing to be up high-single-digits in the first quarter. In content licensing, we continue to replenish the pipeline. We have lots of young series across our networks that we have not yet monetized domestically, including NCIS: New Orleans, Scorpion, and Limitless from CBS as well as Ray Donovan, The Affair, and Billions from Showtime. So with so much choice out there, only the best content will stand out, and we have the content that will deliver that. Also as you've heard, we expect to surpass $1 billion in re-trans and reverse comp this year. Up until this point, much of our growth in this category has been driven from re-trans. But reverse comp is now playing a very big role in this growth story as we make our way towards exceeding $2 billion in re-trans and reverse comp by 2020. So in summary, we just completed a very strong quarter, and we are poised for a record-setting 2016. Looking beyond that, investing in our future as a content company remains of the best thing we can do for our shareholders. Our ability to offer a concentrated value proposition with the best in news, sports, and entertainment is what makes CBS stand out from the rest. It's the reason we can thrive in a traditional bundled universe, and why we are positioned to succeed in an unbundled, a la carte world as well. And the global opportunities are huge. So we feel very good about where we're headed, and we look forward to discussing our results with you on our next call in early May. With that, operator, we can open the line for questions?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Ben Swinburne: I have two questions, unrelated: I wanted to ask about the outlook for licensing. Joe, you mentioned some of the younger shows on the network. And as you guys know, there's a lot of question in the marketplace about the demand in traditional off-net and more broadly around licensing. So, can you give us a sense of your expectation around timing of monetization for those big CBS shows? And I don't know if you'd be willing to talk about it, but would you be able to say you think you can grow licensing in 2016, particularly when you think about the deals you have done on Showtime in Europe, for example? And then unrelated, Les, we've gotten this question a lot, and maybe you can touch on it. Having the Chairman and CEO role together now, do you think investors and shareholders should be thinking that there will be anything different coming out of CBS, in terms of strategy or capital allocation, now that you've taken on both roles? Thank you.
Joe Ianniello: All right, Ben, let me tackle the first one. Look, you know we don't give guidance, so here's what I will tell you. I will tell you that there are more buyers in the marketplace for hit content than there have ever been in the past. So the way we look at that is certainly from a price point perspective, it's going to, price is going to go up. So we're feeling really good about it. And again, I will also tell you that whenever we budget a revenue type, we've never in our professional career budgeted anything to go down. So I think we have high expectations for that, and it's because of the content pipeline. We have hundreds of episodes yet to be monetized. And as Les said, we have more top 20 shows that anybody else. So if anybody is buying anything, they're going to start with us.
Leslie Moonves: Ben, on the other question, look, Sumner is for many years giving me a free rein, so I don't view being the Chairman as changing our strategy or performance. The team is still together. I'm excited about the opportunity. It's an honor to be doing this. But I think it's going to be business as usual. We're in great shape. And I think our team is very satisfied in knowing that there is stability here and there's going to be for many years to come.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen: I have a couple of questions. First on the newer international deals, they are different than some of the previous deals. Could you talk about how long these deals generally are? Are they in dollars or local currency, and what kind of escalators you have?
Joe Ianniello: Yes, Jessica, it's Joe. Yes, the Showtime deals you are referring to, they are different because it's basically they're taking the Showtime brand and all future episodes. So they are buying the library the backlist as well as all new shows, going forward. So I think that's the exciting part, because what we're building is obviously a global brand. Each deal is different. Obviously if they are in local currency, we are going to hedge that foreign currency risk. We try to get them denominated in dollars. They are usually 5 to 7 years in duration depending upon the partner. So we're set up very nicely for a long period of time.
Jessica Reif Cohen: Great. And then just switching gears completely -- but in advertising, I just wanted to follow up on some of the comments you both, Joe and Les, made. Joe, you gave guidance for local for -- this is about Q1. For local, I think you said high single digits.
Joe Ianniello: Right.
Jessica Reif Cohen: In terms of percent change. But I didn't hear any commentary on the network. And, Les, you said you expect significant increases in the upfronts. I was wondering if you could give us any kind of range on that. And then one last question for you, Les. As you are looking towards the upfront presentations, is there any change in the way you are approaching the development season or the development process?
Leslie Moonves: Alright, let me deal first of all, the reason we are so encouraged. There was concern at the last upfront that the numbered, even though CPMs were up mid-single digits, volume was down, there was a little bit of nervousness. Oh, gee, is the digital revolution taking over? And as we saw, beginning in the third quarter when scatter went up in terms of -- high teens, we're talking about -- and that continued into the fourth quarter, and continuing to the first quarter. So, once again, we always like to say that a guy who bought ads from CBS in October paid nearly 20% more than he would have if he would've bought from us in July. As this momentum continues -- and, once again, tightened by the great sporting events we have, the Grammy awards, political advertising locally -- but at the network, the scatter is getting better every month. So as we head into the upfront, we are fairly certain -- and once again, Jo Ann Ross will kill me, so I don't give numbers. But I think it's going to be substantially higher than it has been before, than it has been in the past year. And I think it generally follows that when scatter is this strong, the upfront continues to be strong, and we're anticipating that now. In terms of development, there's really nothing uniquely different now. Obviously we have a new President of Entertainment who has slightly different tastes than Nina, and Glenn is great. We are ordering around the same number of pilots as we have in previous years. I would say we own a lot more than we ever have before. There are only a couple that we are not -- that we don't own at least half, and an awful lot of them we own 100% of that. Because, as you see, the back end becomes as important, if not more, than the front end. And the kind of shows that we're developing, once again, at this point, they are across the board, from procedurals that have worked very well with us to more soapy, serialized shows, which now with the SVOD players, buying them and paying more for them. So it really is too early to tell. I can tell you I am very pleased with the development. We don't need that much, because we have a great stability in our number-one schedule. So I've read all the scripts, and we're casting, and we will start production shortly.
Jessica Reif Cohen: Thank you.
Joe Ianniello: Yes, I don't want to forget about your last question. I know you won't let us forget about it. But we didn't give you the network advertising because it's so big, we don't want to scare you. But all I will tell you is that the underlying, I think, again is really key, because obviously we have the Super Bowl and the extra playoff game. So it's a big number. But underlying, the key takeaway you should take away, the underlying strength continues. We haven't seen a market like this in quite some time.
Jessica Reif Cohen: Fantastic. Thank you.
Adam Townsend: Thank you, Jessica. Gwen, next question.
Operator: And we'll go next to Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia Quadrani: Just two questions. First, you seem to be making a very big push around CBS All Access, with promotions in the Super Bowl; and content investments you mentioned -- additional, inclusive programming on CBS All Access. Can you talk about how you are thinking about balancing growing this great new service with balancing potential disruption to your existing business, which still drives so much of your earnings? And then a second, totally unrelated question, just on your comments earlier about possibly participating in the broadcast incentive spectrum auction. Any thoughts there on the potential use of proceeds?
Leslie Moonves: Alright. I'll try to deal with the first one. Yes, All Access, yes -- it is very important to us. But as we said, no matter how you get your CBS content, we are going to be there. So if you want to stay more traditional, we're going to be there. But as more and more people are watching our content digitally, we also want to make that offering there. So, you take an opportunity like we had with Star Trek -- and when you talked about original content -- and obviously we could have put that anywhere. We could have put it on Netflix; we could have put it on Amazon and sold it for a lot of money. We said the investment is much more important to put it on All Access. You are right and you are observant; we did put a spot for All Access on the Super Bowl, as well as a spot for Showtime Over-The-Top, and we say that's part of our future. It's going to be a growing part. And as we said in our earlier comments, next year it's going to be a substantial financial benefit to us to have those sub numbers with us. So it's part of the future. And as I said, any way you want to get your CBS, we're going to be there.
Joe Ianniello: And for your second question, Alexia, the broadcast spectrum: obviously because we're participating in it, we can't really say too much about that. But what we will say is, A, any proceeds realized we, first and foremost, always look to reinvest in our business, in more content. And any excess capital, we return to shareholders.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you very much.
Adam Townsend: Thanks, Alexia. Gwen, next question.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Morris with Guggenheim Securities.
Michael Morris: Thank you, good afternoon guys. Two questions, first on All Access, can you share what you're seeing in terms of the viewing habits on that product right now? What are your customers using it for in terms of catch-up viewing, etcetera? And I'm particularly interested in whether sports viewing is important and proportional on that service compared to on the traditional service. And then second of all, maybe a more theoretical question, but how would you think about possibly -- in the primetime lineup, instead of programming three hours, do two hours, maybe pull the local news forward an hour, and bring some of your highly rated late-night programs earlier and then perhaps being able to reallocate that programming budget. Thanks.
Leslie Moonves: Joe, do you want to take the All Access [Multiple speakers]?
Joe Ianniello: Yes, I'll take the All Access, Mike. Look, I think what we are seeing -- obviously, the demographic, we're seeing a younger audience. Obviously we're seeing a lot of Millennials consume there. The biggest where they're spending the most amount of time is those catch-up viewing, it's past episodes of current seasons. And so that's, again, a really good promotional vehicle for they catch up, and then they start watching back at the network, so that's where we're seeing probably 60%-plus of the viewership. Sports is actually small, and live is smaller as well. So I think the value proposition is its deep library, its catch-up ability. It's anywhere, anytime. And that's where we think where the value -- where we're delivering.
Leslie Moonves: And Mike, regarding primetime, these shows -- our primetime lineup is very profitable, especially with the aftermarket. And you may recall a move that I think may have been the greatest mistake in the history of broadcasting, which was to put Jay Leno at 10 o'clock, which clearly was a big failure, and frankly benefited us a great deal with our 10 o'clock programming because it was able to increase our numbers at that point. And as I said, these 10 o'clock shows, most of what we own or throughout our schedule have a very lucrative aftermarket, which frankly the late-night shows don't have. The late-night shows do have a market online and they are very lucrative, but nothing compared to an NCIS or a CSI.
Operator: We will take our next question from Anthony DiClemente with Nomura.
Anthony DiClemente: I wanted to ask about your thoughts on the pricing of streaming services. Hulu charges an extra $4 to be ad-free, which we think is priced below what those networks get in terms of ad revenue per user. And I think you guys have said you generate roughly $4 a subscriber in CBS ad revenue. So, as it relates to CBS All Access -- first off, are you considering an ad-free version of it and if you are, do you think you would price it at $9.99? Or would you do something below $9.99 to entice better adoption of it, as Hulu does? And then, Joe, just want to ask about the sale of the interactive business in China. Can you just talk about that? Are there any other digital assets or hidden assets that you've got there under the hood at CBS that might be divestiture candidates for us? Thanks.
Leslie Moonves: Yes. Anthony, on the All Access, we priced it at 5.99 and we're exploring it. And you have the right numbers. At $4, that's what we're getting approximately from a CBS viewer for non-advertising. And we've contemplated doing a 9.99 service. We're not there yet. And once again, remember, All Access is new. We're experimenting with pricing. We think we're at the right place. The same kind of thing with Showtime OTT and we think if we do offer an ad-free service, which is a great possibility, that's the sort of pricing we are looking at, so it will be -- it won't matter to us whether they are doing an ad-free or with ads. May I add, at Hulu, it hasn't worked that well yet for the ad-free service. People still prefer it to be without ads, but we will look at that.
Joe Ianniello: And on the sale, we sold an interactive business, an auto business called Xcar in China. Again, it was fantastic, again, a great accretive multiple for us. China's volatility just made sense for us to exit that. So we're constantly looking for underutilized assets where we could maximize it and sell it really in a tax-advantaged way. And we were able to do that on this one. So we're constantly doing that, Anthony.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks a lot.
Operator: We will go next to John Janedis with Jefferies.
John Janedis: Les, you reiterated your confidence in retrans. But the market has gotten incrementally nervous that the slowing affiliate fee growth at the cable networks, more broadly, is going to impact retrans growth at some point. And so, I wanted to ask, has the tone of the discussion with the MVPDs changed at all? And will there be any impact related to consolidation? That's my first question. Thanks.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, the answer is no. I think everybody knows what the ballgame is with retrans. And, frankly, with the consolidation, we are looking forward to doing it. Our last big deal that was up was Cablevision, which we -- there was no muss, no fuss; everybody knew what the game was. Retrans is stronger than ever. It's growing greatly, every deal that we've done is bigger than the one before, both with retrans or reverse comp. And, by the way, we see it with our affiliates. They are all successfully making deals, and those deals are being passed along to us. So the tone really hasn't changed at all. As a matter fact, if anything, it's changed more positively. Because people get that this is part of the world that we're now living in, and we're very pleased about that.
John Janedis: Great, thanks. And then maybe separately, you've been active on the Showtime licensing front. I assume there was a fair amount of marketing of new programming along with the Bell Media deal during the quarter. But can you talk about when the impact from the deals that you just announced will have a more visible impact on maybe EBITDA margins? And will that be lumpy, or more of a straight line from a revenue perspective? Thanks.
Joe Ianniello: Yes, John, it's Joe. Yes, I think, look. As we just said in our prepared remarks, we expect the cable networks margin to expand in 2016. So as we are doing more and more of these, as we look at the accounting side, they call it the ultimate, we're trying to smooth that margin so we don't have the volatility that it goes up for every new deal. Again, the good news is these deals have been all accretive, and you're seeing a pretty healthy margin in that business. And so I'd say there's more to come.
Operator: We'll go next to Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Kraft: Just had a few brief questions, one, I was wondering if you could talk about the cost structure improvements in local broadcasting, and the cadence for when you expect those to start to materialize over the course of the year. Also I wanted to see if you could comment on the, whether you see any improvement coming in radio, or you think these kind of declines will continue. And then the last one I had is just on cable. I don't know if this math is right, but it looks like cable subscription revenue growth was up low-single-digits year-over-year in the fourth quarter. Assuming that sounds about right, can you talk about what's going on under the surface with mix, and how it's impacting revenue, and how we should think about the underlying growth from here? Thank you.
Joe Ianniello: All right, Bryan. On the cost side for local, I would say again, we probably got about $80 million of cost out of the local segment that we'll see build throughout the year, really probably more back half. And as far as the revenue goes, I think again you're going to see radio, I think, build sequentially. Obviously again political driving it, not to the degree as it's going to benefit local television stations, but there will certainly be a benefit in that. We obviously, in the middle of the year, last year, we changed our management team as well. So, again, we're expecting margin expansion and growth. It's also a very low-capital-intensive business, and so we do benefit a lot from significant cash flow that they generate. As far as the cable numbers, the sub growth there, as we said, ended the year at an all-time high. And so, if the benefit of owning shows obviously is high-margin. So when we sell those shows and make them available, and we sell a Dexter, a lot of that profit falls in that quarter. So they will have some lumpiness on the mix of those titles of what year was it sold? Was there eight seasons, six seasons two seasons? So I think that obviously does cause some volatility to the, numbers, but the high-class problem is, is how high is up? And so, it is in a much better position we are, and generating and take that and reinvesting it into the business to do more and more original series. So that's really gives us the ability to do that, so we like owning it, I know you guys would like a steady growth rate, and just plug it into your model and have it go every quarter. But that's why always say, look at it on a full-year basis and it usually evens out.
Operator: We'll go next to Doug Mitchelson with UBS.
Doug Mitchelson: A few questions, first, Joe, I don't mind being scared, so I'll take a shot at 1Q network advertising: Super Bowl, 45% that's 300 million. Playoff game 40 million plus add in [Multiple Speakers].
Joe Ianniello: But you've got to give me the percentage, Doug. Say the percentage. What do you got, up network, up what?
Doug Mitchelson: 70%, how's that?
Joe Ianniello: Go ahead.
Doug Mitchelson: All right, no comment on that one?
Joe Ianniello: No.
Doug Mitchelson: So, look, the advertising is pretty interesting. I'm curious, you guys have been in this game a long time, why is advertising getting better? And the reason I ask that question is Wall Street is being inundated with macro data points that are not favorable. The fourth quarter, third quarter weren't great quarters for the economy, yet TV advertising is killing it any thoughts as to why that's the case?
Leslie Moonves: Number one, everybody was trying to break the model. We've been doing this a long time. There are up fronts that are spectacular; there are ones that aren't so spectacular. Their scatter was down then scatter was up. And I think there's no question that there's a bit of noise out there about digital advertising not having quite the same ROI as we do, as broadcast. And, by the way, we're in digital advertising in a big way. In addition, you see things from programmatic, and you hear noise that maybe not everybody recorded is really a person. It's a machine. And I think that the validity of the content, the shows that we're putting on, shows that viewers are engaged in, and the advertising works better. So, I don't think, it hasn't been surprising, with this is a pattern we've seen for many years. Network advertising, if you want to reach a mass audience, and we've said this before, not knocking YouTube, but 20 million people watch NCIS. That takes a lot of hits on YouTube, except for Adele and Corden to equal what we're able to do on an episode of NCIS, or Big Bang, or 60 minutes. So, I think it just comes down to it is still the best bang for your buck.
Doug Mitchelson: So the second question, Les, one thing I think I'll always remember is when Viacom and CBS were split, how you said that you enjoyed being considered the value, non-growth company. And I'm looking at CBS has a market cap of $20 billion, and Viacom with a market cap of $12 billion and change right now. And I'm wondering, when you think about developing online businesses, both HBO and Netflix have highlighted movies; Netflix has highlighted kids. If Paramount or if a major kids network became available, would you be interested in that for CBS, as you think about developing digital business models for the future?
Leslie Moonves: You know what? We like our businesses right now. We build on our strength. We don't need to get into other businesses that -- we're hitting it out of the ballpark, as you just heard, in our strong suits. So, there's no reason for us to get into the kids business.
Doug Mitchelson: How about the movie business?
Leslie Moonves: The movie business? We're in it a little way. We have a couple small movies. We do two or three of them per year. And we're very pleased with what we're doing. It's not something -- you're not going to see us invest in a $150 million movie, because there are no guarantees, and not every movie is Star Wars. So we're pretty happy with the assets we have now, and we'd like to build upon the strength of our television business.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Laura Martin, Needham.
Laura Martin: Great numbers, congratulations. Joe, with political, my recollection is that your mid-term elections are typically smarter than your -- larger than your presidential elections. And my recollection is that, in 2014, you were about $220 million of political revenue. Can you -- do you think this is going to be a bigger year? Because Les talked about record political. So do you think, despite historical, we're going to get a better political number for you this year?
Joe Ianniello: Here's what I would say, Laura. It will be a record presidential election year for us.
Laura Martin: Okay. So maybe still below the last number. Perfect. Les, you talked about the mix of subs for CBS News, and it was fascinating to hear you say they were 20 years younger. Because my recollection -- last time I looked -- is that Fox News is about a 72-year-old average age. Even rounding down across all news, let's say it's a 60-year-old average age, would that imply that your CBS News signup is around 40 years old? Which is way older than I would've expected for that kind of over-the-top service.
Leslie Moonves: Well, number one, you're right. Cable news is over 70. Fox News, that's the right number, it's like 71 or 72. Broadcast television news -- the three networks that are doing broadcast -- is around low 60s. And we are on our CBSN -- once again, it's not a subscription. It's an advertising-based business. It is about 20 years younger. But once again, you have to realize in the news business, a 40-year-old is a young person. So we are really happy to have them. And there are people that currently aren't watching either cable or network, so it is getting younger. I don't think there are a lot of 20-year-olds that are watching yet, but I think that will come.
Laura Martin: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just the last, now on your All Access product, what percent of your affiliates are now signed up under contract to rev share with the CBS All Access?
Leslie Moonves: 85%.
Laura Martin: And you should close that gap by the end of the year, do you think?
Leslie Moonves: There's one group that's not in, and hopefully we get them done.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Tim Nollen with Macquarie.
Tim Nollen: I have a couple things. I wanted to ask about the upfront market coming up here. You've talked about previously going for a majority of your deals on C7 this time. I wonder if you could comment on that. And then, in a similar vein, given whatever digital sales you may be doing on All Access or any other digital platforms, any other digital sales, will you be doing cross-platform guarantees? Or will you be handling those separately? And then a second unrelated question looking at just big-picture 2015 versus '14, margins being slightly down. You highlight that the two main reasons were programming costs going up, and investments in digital distribution. I would assume programming costs don't necessarily go down, because your per-episode cost probably goes up, and you probably have more stuff to sell. [But in digital] distribution, investments may go down -- correct me if I'm wrong. So I just wonder if I'm thinking about your margin progression correctly there, meaning you should be able to get back to margin expansion from here?
Leslie Moonves: All right, Tim, I'll do the first question, and Joe will do the second. The upfront marketplace, last year we attempted to do more C7s. We did get more; we didn't get quite as many as we would've liked. I think, this year, more than 50% of the deals are going to be C7. You see people embracing that more. You see that terminology being used more for what is valuable. And I think the advertisers and the agencies are realizing that C7 is a better way of measurement. In terms of digital sales and cross-platform guarantees, as each day goes by we're doing a lot more cross-selling. And our digital group is working very closely with our network group. We saw an awful lot of it in the Super Bowl. And, yes, guarantees can be paid off in many ways by either one of them shifting. There are times we have used network guarantees digitally. And it depends on the client. But you are seeing a lot more, as I said, collaboration, and a lot more creativity on the part of the advertisers, as well as the various sales groups within CBS.
Joe Ianniello: And, Tim, on your margin question, the short answer is yes. We expect margin expansion in '16. I'd just remind you, in 2015, we had the Mayweather-Pacquiao fight in the year, which was a lot of revenue, but low-margin for us. So we do expect our margins to expand.
Operator: We will take our next question from Vijay Jayant with Evercore ISI.
Vijay Jayant: I just wanted to understand your international licensing strategy, which is obviously very accretive and good margins and obviously in the U.S., you've gone direct to consumer. Have you even considered looking at direct-to-consumer opportunities internationally? And is that, on an NPV basis, not as good, and that's why you are going licensing as a strategy?
Joe Ianniello: Vijay, look, obviously each territory I mean what's rights are sold and what's available differs, so obviously that's not lost upon us as a future opportunity. I think, for now, what we were looking at we've looked at market by market and we thought, what was the best way to maximize value, but clearly leaving a door open for us.
Vijay Jayant: Great. Thanks so much.
Adam Townsend: Thanks, Vijay. And why don't we take one final question, please?
Operator: And we will take our last question from David Miller with Topeka Capital Markets.
David Miller: Hey guys. Congratulations on the result. Les, I have to say in the 16 years I've been an analyst, I've been through my share of recessions or head-fake markets pricing, and the possibility of a recession. And I've always seen that advertising seems to go down first. And yet that's not happening, neither with you guys or really anyone else who has reported so far in this earnings rotation. So, with that in mind, can you talk about how far in advance, right now, media buyers are buying network, ex-sports, if you might? Just how far in advance are you seeing media buyers take an interest in buying network and on local? And then I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, you're absolutely right, David. And we were [indiscernible] back in '08, we saw it coming, we saw it coming. It was there in bright, shining lights. We're not seeing anything remotely resembling that now. And we have visibility through Q2 in terms of our advertising, which is sort of normal, if not even more aggressive than normal. So, that's why I'm so optimistic about the upfront because when I can see advertising up through the second quarter, that will be right smack in the middle of our upfront presentation, and we are very optimistic. So we have not even seen any sign of that at all.
Adam Townsend: Thank you, David. And this concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining us. Have a great evening.
Operator: Thank you, everyone, that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-03 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President-Investor Relations Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch David Bank - RBC Capital Markets LLC Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc. John Janedis - Jefferies LLC David W. Miller - Topeka Capital Markets Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC Laura A. Martin - Needham & Co. LLC Omar F. Sheikh - Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Ltd. Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CBS Corporation Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Release Teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to the executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead, sir.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President-Investor Relations: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter 2015 earnings call. Listening on the phone is Sumner Redstone, our Executive Chairman; and joining us with today's remarks are Leslie Moonves, President and CEO; and Joe Ianniello, Chief Operating Officer. Les and Joe will discuss the strategic and financial results of the company and then we'll open the call up to questions. Please note that during today's conference call, the third quarter 2015 results are compared to adjusted third quarter 2014 results. And year-to-date results will be compared on an adjusted basis, unless otherwise specified. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found in our earnings release or on our website. Also, statements in this conference call related to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporations' security filings. A webcast of this call and earnings release related to today's presentation can be found in the Investor section of our website at cbscorporation.com. And with that, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Les.
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Adam, and good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us once again. As you've seen, CBS has turned in a very strong third quarter, building momentum toward a great finish to the year. Operating income was up 1% to $753 million, and EPS was up 19% to $0.88, marking the twenty-third consecutive quarter we've grown our EPS. We are growing our profits and expanding our margins, at the same time that we're investing in new premium content and direct-to-consumer platforms. So as we grow in the short-term, we're setting ourselves up to live long and prosper in the long term. Yes, we can achieve both. I want to start today by discussing some key developments going on right now. First, advertising is coming back in a big way at CBS. Underlying network advertising was up 8% in the third quarter with strong growth in primetime, double-digit growth in sports and daytime and huge growth in late night, which was up 42%. Here in the fourth quarter, the marketplace is looking very strong as well, and we are in a unique position to take advantage of that, thanks to the strength and stability of our number one lineup and the fact that we sold a bit less inventory during the Upfront. So we now have more to sell in a very robust scatter marketplace, which is a very good thing. The next development has to do with the future of the bundle. I think we're all seeing that the dire predictions of cord-cutting are overblown, but the good news for CBS is, no matter where distribution goes, no matter how or where you want your content, we are in a perfect position. Within the current ecosystem of the traditional bundle, we're on track to grow our retrans and reverse comp to north of $2 billion in annual revenue by 2020. At the same time, as distributors roll out their skinny bundles of far fewer channels, we will always be part of these packages as well because of the strength of our content. And as we've already proven in the deals we've done, we will get paid even more per subscriber in a skinny bundle than we will in a traditional bundle. In addition, there will be more and more viewers who want the freedom to choose individual channels  la carte. In these cases, we're ready with CBS All Access and Showtime Over-the-Top, where consumers pay $5.99 and $10.99 a month respectively at better economics to us. By the way, both of these services benefited significantly with the launch of new shows this fall. CBS Access had its larger subscriber growth yet in September and just debuted on Apple TV two weeks ago. Plus, as most of you know by now, just yesterday we announced that we're producing a new Star Trek television series that will be available exclusively on All Access in the United States and licensed across other platforms around the world. We will debut a special premiere episode on the CBS Television Network with all subsequent episodes only available to All Access subscribers here in the U.S. Star Trek is an unstoppable franchise and its auspices are tremendous and bona fide. We signed Alex Kurtzman as the series Executive Producer. Most notably, Alex wrote two of the most recent Star Trek movies, including the rebooted Star Trek and Star Trek Into Darkness. He has also been responsible for the success of dozens of movies and TV series, including The Transformers, Amazing Spider-Man, Scorpion and Limitless. There will be more announcements in the coming months about the terrific creative people behind this series, both in front and behind the camera. So I'm confident this is going to be a world-class effort that will make all Star Trek fans very proud. These are some of the most passionate fans in the world, and we can see millions of them joining All Access, where they can watch these new episodes wherever they want and whatever they want and on whatever device they want to use, which is increasingly consistent with how younger viewers are watching our shows. By the way, All Access already has this on-demand functionality for every single episode of all five Star Trek television series that have been on the air to this point. So, super fans can begin watching these shows today and be caught up just in time for the new world premiere. Our Star Trek initiative speaks to the fact that All Access is a major priority for us and we will look for additional opportunities to expand our programming on this platform going forward. So, however viewers choose to consume their content, from the traditional bundle to the skinny bundle to individual ones chosen  la carte like All Access and Showtime OTT, CBS is positioned to succeed. Of course, this success is dependent on one thing which happens to be the thing we do best, delivering the premium content that viewers have to have. It starts with the CBS Television Network where we have begun the new television season in excellent shape. Supergirl was the best premiere of any new show on television in viewers and key demos and Life in Pieces is the number one new comedy. Along with Limitless, we now have launched three new successes this year on CBS. This is in addition to the four new hits we launched on the network last year, so we have a growing roster of successful new shows to build around for years to come. We also still have television's number one comedy in The Big Bang Theory, number one drama in NCIS, which has led us to winning Premiere Week once again, while doubling our margin of victory over a year ago. We have won every single week since except this past week where there were five World Series games on in the same week. And I will reiterate today that we will win the 2015-2016 television season as well. Comprehensive measurement of our shows is very important to our success. This is why we're encouraged that Nielsen has just launched its new platform total audience measurement program and why we have joined the industry in support of a combined Rentrak and comScore, which will help expedite full measurement of our programming both nationally and locally. Delayed viewing beyond the first day represents a significant opportunity that is just beginning to be monetized. Our new series Limitless is a good example. This show drew a very nice audience of nearly 10 million viewers when it premiered in September, but that number grew to more than 17.5 million viewers when delayed viewing was counted over the next few weeks, and that number continues to rise as we speak. This phenomenon is happening across our schedule. When you look at delayed viewing over 7 days, CBS has 10 shows that gained more than 3 million viewers each, and the truth is that when all viewing is taken into account, CBS actually has a bigger audience today than it did 10 years ago. We are currently monetizing many of these viewers, but there is a lot more upside as measurement catches up with how people are watching our shows. And by the way, the viewers we're getting from these additional platforms are younger as well. Also during the third quarter we began a new chapter in late night with the extraordinary debut of The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, as well as the continued success of The Late Late Show with James Corden. We are extremely pleased with the early returns from both of these shows including the significant addition of younger viewers who are watching across platforms throughout the day. Full episode streams of Colbert are up 2230% over a year ago and Corden continues to build his online audience as well. He's now surpassed 0.25 billion views on YouTube. And once again, because we own both of our late night franchises, we're monetizing all of this online viewing. At CBS News, we're up across the board led by the strength of our flagship broadcast. Year-over-year CBS News is up 6%, CBS This Morning is up 9% and 60 MINUTES is up 15%. Taken as a whole, more people have watched CBS News this season than any other network news division. CBS News is capitalizing on this momentum by building our new online platform CBSN. As we do this, we're attracting a whole new set of younger viewers. The average CBSN viewer is under 40-years-old, so not only are we bypassing the cost of cable news by going digital, but we're also bypassing the demos as well. And our CPMs at CBSN are twice what they are on air. At CBS Sports, ratings for Thursday Night Football are up 5% from a year ago and our Sunday package is up 9%, bringing the biggest audience we've seen in 29 years. We're also looking forward to the Super Bowl, which will be broadcast on CBS just as it was for the very first time 50 years ago. Super Bowl sales are going extremely well. Not only are we getting record pricing that we're looking for, but there are just a few units left to sell. You can imagine what these last few spots will go for. As I said, we feel pretty good about our ad sales across the CBS Television Network as well. This is because marketers are realizing there's no better medium to sell their products than broadcast television. Yes, digital is growing and we are benefiting from that through our CBS Interactive division, but the growth is not coming at the expense of broadcast. It's coming from print advertising and basic cable. Broadcast has proven to have the best quality of impressions and level of engagement. As advertisers continue to learn this, our content will stand out even more as the best choice in a fragmented media landscape. We were extremely pleased today with results of the major auto companies who advertise a huge amount with us. Turning to Showtime, we launched our new over-the-top service during the quarter, and we're extremely excited about where it'll lead us as well. Since the launch, we've rolled the platform out across Apple, Roku, to Amazon Fire, Google Chromecast and Android devices, and we're already getting significant traction. In particular and no surprise, we saw a surge in sign-ups around last month's premiere of Homeland and The Affair. And among our new subscribers, we observed significant past season catch-up viewing in advance of the premiere of these two shows. As we've said, by bringing Showtime direct to the consumer, we now have the ability to reach tens of millions of potential new subscribers in a way that we never could before. And just like All Access now has Star Trek, Showtime is set to welcome an extremely fervent fan base of its own when it premieres the new installment of Twin Peaks also in 2017. In addition, we are just beginning to license the entire Showtime brand internationally rather than show-by-show as we have done before. Earlier this year, we did this in Canada through a partnership with Bell Media. We're now having conversations with other overseas distributors about using a similar model as we continue to grow Showtime's international licensing revenue. We look forward to updating you on this in the quarters to come. In Publishing, Simon & Schuster grew its revenues and profits during the quarter, thanks to our ongoing strategy of signing the biggest authors in the business. Just today, we're releasing titles from Stephen King, John Irving, Isabel Allende, and yes, the one and only Donald Trump. So just like we do in television, we continue to fill the pipeline in Publishing as well. In Local Broadcasting, premium content is also driving sales at our TV stations, which are benefiting from our number one schedule in primetime and our growth in late night. Looking ahead, both of our TV and radio stations are gearing up for the huge 2016 political season, where the only thing is certain is that it will be another great year for advertising. We are encouraging all 19 candidates from both parties to hang in there as long as they can. In addition, we are very aware of the lucrative valuations that are out there in terms of spectrum auction. We are evaluating how we could best participate with some of our 13 non-CBS television stations, while still providing our signal through other outlets. It's clearly a terrific option to have. So the biggest news in the quarter is that network advertising has swung back in a big way, the way it always does, and is now looking strong going forward as well. In addition, we're monetizing more and more delayed viewing of our shows with lots more upside as measurement advances. And we have set ourselves up to grow subscription revenue no matter how viewers want to consume our content. In short, we're growing profits today, while we're setting ourselves up for a very, very bright future. Looking ahead, the future begins with a very healthy 2016. Advertising will clearly be very strong, we know that. Anchored by Super Bowl 50 in the first quarter and political in the fourth, retrans and reverse comp will exceed $1 billion next year, which is a year ahead of the target we had previously given you, and we will exceed our target of $2 billion by 2020. Plus, there is a very good chance that one or more major media or tech companies will launch a new skinny bundle next year, leading to significant incremental subscription revenue for us. And this is in addition to the continued growth of All Access and Showtime OTT. We also have a growing roster of young hits across CBS, Showtime and The CW to license into the syndication in SVOD marketplace. This includes six new owned hits from 2014 and more on the way from this year. Plus, we feel very good about the January premiere of Showtime's Billions, which we also own. Our programming continues to be highly desirable in the SVOD world, and so we are having discussions all the time about new ways to grow our streaming revenue. In international, the marketplace continues to explode, so all of these shows are great global opportunities for us, including Star Trek, which has a massive fan base all around the world and beyond. Across the company, premium content will always be the center of our strategy. No matter how rapidly the world continues to change, we have positioned ourselves to benefit. So we're confident that 2016 will be a terrific year for CBS and look forward to longer-term success as well. 9 With that, I'll turn the call over to Joe.
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: Thanks, Les. Good afternoon, everyone. As you just heard, we are very pleased with our third quarter results. The strength of our must-have content is ensuring our success and leading to new opportunities. As distribution platforms evolve and viewer habits continue to change, we are positioned to benefit like no one else in our peer group from existing MVPD platforms to straight  la carte services like CBS All Access and Showtime Over-The-Top or anything in between, no other content company has such a concentrated value in its offerings. Plus, as we invest in our future with new content and distribution initiatives, we are posting EPS growth year after year, quarter after quarter. At the time, we continue to steadily return our excess cash to our investors through share buyback and dividends. So we're delivering strong results for our shareholders today and we're setting ourselves up for even stronger results in the future. Now let me give you some details about our third quarter results. Revenue for the quarter came in at $3.3 billion compared with $3.4 billion last year. Reported advertising was down 4% due to fewer sporting events broadcast on the CBS Television Network and comping against the 2014 midterm elections, which benefited our local businesses last year. However, underlying network advertising was up 8% for the quarter and if you want to look at it on a year-to-date basis, it's up 3%. And we see continued strength in scatter going into the fourth quarter. Given the growth we've seen so far this year and the ongoing tailwinds into Q4 network advertising is poised for solid growth in 2015. Content licensing and distribution was down 8% compared with 2014 when we benefited from the sales of Hawaii Five-0, Dexter and Californication. As you know, the timing of licensing sales varies from quarter to quarter. We obviously derive a lot of benefit from owning more of our programming on CBS and Showtime and we have added to our pipeline in a meaningful way over the last two years, which will drive growth in the future. Affiliate and subscription fees were up 9% during the quarter, driven by growth in retrans and reverse comp, which were up 50%. Year-to- date, affiliate and subscription fees were up 16%, and this revenue source will continue to be a strong growth driver as we reset our retrans and reverse comp yields to current fair market value as well as scale our new OTT initiatives. Third quarter operating income of $753 million was up 1%, driven by healthy gains in our high-margin affiliate and subscription fees and underlying network advertising revenue. As a result, our third quarter operating income margin expanded 100 basis points to 23%, the highest it's been in two years even as we invested in more original programming and expanded our own distribution initiatives. Net earnings from continuing operations grew 7% in Q3 to $426 million, and as Les said, EPS for the quarter came in at $0.88, up 19%. And on a year-to-date basis, EPS is up 7% to $2.39. Now let's turn to our operating segments. In Entertainment, revenue for the third quarter grew 1% to $1.9 billion. Network advertising revenues also grew 1%, despite the timing of sporting events, including two fewer NFL games and no U.S. Open compared with last year's third quarter. And to reiterate, our underlying network advertising grew 8%. Entertainment operating income of $339 million was up 12% in the third quarter and our operating income margin here expanded 200 basis points, thanks to a greater share of high-margin revenue sources, including strong growth in retrans. Again, we did this as we increased our investment in original programming hours, which were up 20% from Q3 of 2014. In Cable, revenue came in at $526 million compared with $624 million last year when we had significant content licensing sales for Dexter and Californication, as well as larger pay-per-view events. As we continue to own more of our programming on Showtime, the timing of syndication sales will fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter, just as it does with our Entertainment segment. However, content licensing will continue to be a growing source of revenue as our Showtime offerings expand on a global basis. In addition, underlying Cable affiliate fees were up 2% in Q3, driven by growth in both rates and subs and we ended the quarter with nearly 23.5 million Showtime subscribers. Cable operating income for the third quarter came in at $246 million and our operating margin expanded 4 points to 47%. Looking at it on a year-to-date basis, Cable operating income was $717 million and the margin was a solid 43%. Turning to Publishing, revenue in the third quarter grew 2% to $203 million, driven by higher print book sales. In addition, digital sales represented 25% of total Publishing revenue for the quarter. Publishing operating income in the quarter also grew 2% to $43 million, and the operating income margin remained a healthy 21%. In Local Broadcasting, third quarter revenue came in at $638 million compared with $680 million last year. TV and radio stations were down 7% and 6% respectively on a reported basis because of several non-comparable items, including fewer sporting events and last year's midterm elections, which collectively accounted for the entire decline in local. As far as advertising categories go, tech and telecom posted the biggest gains in the quarter. Local Broadcasting operating income was $174 million during the third quarter and the operating income margin came in at a solid 27%, thanks to the benefits of our cost-savings initiatives from last year, which resulted in a 5% decline in operating expenses for Q3. Turning to cash flow on our balance sheet; for the first 9 months of the year free cash flow of $546 million was up more than fourfold from 2014, driven by premiums paid on for last year's debt refinancing and the timing of syndication collections. Also, through September year-to-date, we repurchased 41 million shares of our stock for $2.3 billion. As of September 30, we had $2.5 billion remaining on our share buyback program, which is more than 10% of our current market cap. Going forward, we will remain consistent in our approach to returning capital to shareholders and as we have previously said, we expect to complete this program in 2015 as we continue to optimize our capital structure. In addition, the company issued $800 million of 4% senior notes in July and the proceeds were used for share buybacks and general corporate purposes. Now let me give you a few observations of what we see ahead. As Les said, we are seeing a solid scatter marketplace and continued growth in underlying network advertising. Q4 is typically our biggest advertising quarter, so we expect a strong finish to 2015. In Local, this year's fourth quarter will be up against last year's midterm elections. However, non-political revenue in Local Broadcasting is accelerating from Q3 and pacing to be up low-single digits. Looking ahead to 2016, in addition to the Super Bowl and political revenue, advertising will also benefit from an additional NFL playoff game in Q1. So the next 12 months of advertising revenue for us should be strong. Retrans and reverse comp will continue to climb, with particular strength on the reverse comp side, where we have 16% of our footprint coming due next year and 46% due over the next three years. For retrans, we'll have 36% of our footprint coming up for renewal through the end of 2018. So there's still a lot more growth to come as we make our way towards exceeding $1 billion next year and topping $2 billion in 2020. In terms of content licensing, we own about three quarters of our primetime schedule on CBS and about 80% of the original series on Showtime, not to mention all the content we produce for The CW and other networks. So as we sit here today, we have more than 500 episodes of current hit shows such as Scorpion, Jane the Virgin and Ray Donovan just to name a few, that we have not yet monetized, creating a strong pipeline of revenue for years to come. And as Les said, we are set up to grow no matter how the bundle changes. In fact, any move towards a skinny bundle or  la carte service will only reset the monetization of our content higher, and as a result, we will make more money sooner. In addition, as we continue to grow our direct-to-consumer initiatives, we expect CBS All Access and Showtime Over-The-Top to be contributors to our operating income growth next year. And on the cost side, we will continue to invest rationally and take out expenses where appropriate. So in summary, first and foremost, we are growing our business by investing in must-have content, which we will continue to monetize in all sorts of ways. Next, we're also investing in evolving the distribution landscape with our broadband services, so our content will be broadly distributed in all the ways consumers want it, no matter what platform they choose. At the same time, we remain vigilant on containing our costs and all this positions us to continue to return capital to shareholders. So we're building strong momentum as we finish 2015, and we have great confidence in our ability to grow our earnings in 2016 and beyond. With that, Tom, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: And thank you, sir. We'll take our first question today from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. Les, I want to come back to All Access. I'm wondering if you could share with us how many subscribers you have. I'm guessing no, but I thought I'd ask. Second, if there's any update on getting the NFL content on All Access? And then lastly, maybe most interestingly, can you talk about how you think about trading off licensing content to third parties, Netflix, Hulu, et cetera, to maybe moving more product onto All Access and making it exclusive on that platform, because the Star Trek move is a bold one and makes that product much more interesting I think to the consumers. So are you thinking about maybe changing how you  where you move content over time as you move stuff off the network? Thanks.
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. You're right. Your guess is right; I will not divulge our subs, but I will be happy to answer the other two questions. Regarding the NFL, obviously conversations are going on all the time. Some of it involves Thursday Night; what goes forward, obviously they put a game on Yahoo! last week, which they were very pleased with the results, so once again streaming becomes part of the equation now and part of the conversation and any conversations involving with streaming of our product would obviously involve streaming our product on our own site. So, there are conversations going on. They are positive. Nothing much new to report, but I think we're hopeful that something will happen there. Obviously, with Star Trek, a lot of conversations went into what we're going to do. All Access is very important. Once again, we remain a good partner for Netflix and Hulu and Star Trek is sort of the family jewels. It's a very important piece of business for us. As we go forward, we're looking to do original content on All Access and building up that platform. But once again as we say, Netflix is our friend and they're also our competitor. They compete with Showtime and All Access will begin to put some original content and knowing the loyalty of the fan base of the Star Trek people we think this will boost it. As one reporter said yesterday, there's about a billion channels out there, because of Star Trek people will know what All Access is all about. So we find that to be significant and important, but at the same time, we value continuing our partnerships.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Ben. Let's take the next question.
Operator: Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. A couple of questions. Les, you talked about advertising like in a lot of different ways. I'm just wondering, first of all, what do you think the impact is from all the agency reviews? You mentioned some money coming back from print. Do you think money will come back from digital? And what's driving scatter? So that's the advertising question. You also talked about measurement separately, but do you think advertisers will accept or are they accepting the kind of the Nielsen Rentrak, comScore currency? How far are they willing  how far out are they willing to pay for it? Is that an acceptable currency? And then the final question is, you also brought up the spectrum auctions. What do you think the realistic timing is on that?
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: On what? I'm sorry?
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: On the auctions.
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Got it. All right, you know what, I'll answer the first and I'll let Joe answer the other two. Obviously, the second quarter came and the Upfront came and there was like questioning; gee, the Upfront, there isn't as much volume, and we had said look, we've been through this a lot, and I think a lot of the reason there wasn't as much volume was a lot of agency reviews going on with major, major clients. And I think as normally happens when the Upfront may be down, suddenly they got located with the appropriate agency and suddenly that helped to increase the scatter market. The scatter market is remarkably strong. It's the strongest we've seen it in many, many years to the point where our sales guys are beating down the door to remove promo and put sales spots in there. As we said, football is going extremely well. Late night's going well. Primetime is well. Every part of our company is doing well. And I think, clearly, the agency reviews had something to do with that. And clearly the sky was not falling. In other words, it wasn't moving to digital. Obviously, a lot's there, but broadcast is stronger than ever.
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: And Jessica, it's Joe, on the measurement stuff, look, I mean, the chair we sit in, we focus on producing the best content. All we want is, all we're asking for in measurement companies, we want to measure all the eyeballs. And so we're very confident when you do that, we're going to be the number one company. So we're encouraging that. So hopefully Nielsen does that with this total audience Rentrak and comScore, as well. So again, as long as there's third parties doing that, I think, again, the position we're in is we produce the best content, so we're going to worry about that. And then I do think though there is, obviously, there is consumption outside of that that hopefully we'll be able to capture. As far as the spectrum auction goes, obviously they laid out a timetable of the rules. Our best guess is kind of the middle of 2016 we'll really kind of know a little bit more what we have. I think people will be going in and discussing some values, but we won't know anything really until the middle of 2016.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Jessica. Let's take the next question.
Operator: Next question comes from David Bank with RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thanks, guys. Les and Joe, we from the outside have far less information than you guys do. And we get these headlines on Live+7 Ratings or C+3 ratings if we can get them. And it sort of feels like the monetization of your inventory is exceeding what we could sort of logically track from these rating trends. So I guess my question is can you give us a sense of the magnitude to which you are monetizing non-linear, non-C3 ratings today. How much is like the online streaming business contributing to network advertising? And ultimately, do you think that you are better off having that inventory count in the C3 ratings? Or do you like what you can do with it, monetizing them in other ways where spot loads don't have to be identical and those kinds of things? Thanks.
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: Yes, David. It's Joe. Look, here's what I would say. Certainly on the network side, we sell C7, we sell C3. So we are monetizing that. Obviously, online we monetize that as well. The opportunity, really the way see it, is what is not being monetized. So, I think, we are monetizing more than what you're reading about in the live rating. And that's why Les has always said consistently is, we don't make programming decisions looking at that data. And nor  if you looked at ratings, it doesn't correlate to revenue. And I think that's a big misnomer. You just heard us today, we posted underlying up 8%. And I think, again, if you would look at that and you say well, underlying ratings aren't up 8%, and so it's all coming from price. And then we say, no. I said you got to look at it holistic. So that's the good news. But the better news is that there's still more to come. We are not fully monetizing all of the consumption. And I think again, as these measurement systems evolve because the consumer habits have changed so rapidly, that will correct itself, and there's more to come.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President-Investor Relations: Great. Thank you, David. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you. Just drilling down a bit further on the network advertising comments that you'd made earlier. I believe you have one more Thursday Night NFL game in the fourth quarter this year. You've obviously talked about a very healthy scatter market tight inventory. I guess this all just set up for an acceleration in advertising revenue growth from the 8% that you highlighted in Q3. And then my follow question, just on the NFL Thursday Night, much better ratings this year. Any color on the profitability of that franchise and your interest in sort of keeping that Thursday Night going forward?
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, I'll talk about the Thursday Night and Joe can comment on the advertising. It's true. We're done except for one game that we have in December, which has the Packers and the Lions, which should be a good draw for us and should help the fourth quarter. Obviously, we talk to the NFL lots about a lot of things; Sunday, streaming, Thursday Night. We're very pleased with our ratings this year. We got much better match ups. They gave us a much better schedule, and fortunately, the games were a lot closer than they were last year. And that's why the ratings are up significantly and advertising is up significantly. So, we will continue to talk to them about extending the franchise. Obviously, streaming will have a lot to do with it as well.
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: Alexia, it's Joe. In the fourth quarter, obviously we don't give guidance but again, and it's early in the fourth quarter, but we said that the scatter marketplace and advertising is continuing, so we're definitely seeing the price and it's coming  the demand is broad-based, which is really good news, but obviously we have two more months in the quarter, so we'll see how everything plays out, but we're feeling pretty good finishing the year. And like we said in our prepared remarks, I think there was a lot of questions on advertising. As we sit here year-to-date, up 3%, again and it accelerating, I think all things being equal, you look at that and you say a pretty good year. So we're confident that we can build on that going into 2016.
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It was only a few months ago that people said, oh my God, advertising is down and the second quarter was tougher, but the third quarter is extremely strong and as Joe said, we don't give guidance, but from everything we see the fourth quarter is going to be even stronger. So, we're very pleased with how it's trending.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Alexia. Next question, please, Tom.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Morris with Guggenheim Securities.
Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. A couple of questions, back to All Access. First, the decision to move forward with the Star Trek project, which is a pretty big project, how much of your confidence in the investment in that was supported by behavior that you've already seen on All Access? Existing subscribers viewing either Star Trek or any content like that? And along those lines, it is a big project. It will take a little while to get ready. Are there any smaller projects that would be incremental that you would consider between now and then, specifically for All Access? And then finally, Hulu recently announced  recently launched an ad-free option. Would you guys consider an ad-free tier? How do you think about that? Thanks.
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Regarding Star Trek, as I said earlier, it is the family jewels. We have known from our information that all the Star Trek series have done exceedingly well in streaming. It doesn't come as a great surprise, but it's the hippest, it's the coolest, even the ones that were done 30 years, 40 years ago still resonate today, and all the series have done extremely well in terms of streaming. Added into that, as I said earlier, Star Trek is a huge international franchise, so our international distribution guy is going crazy. He can't wait to get out to the marketplace and sell that. So right away we're going to be more than halfway home on the cost of the show just from international alone. So the risk is rather small and seeing the track record, we think it's going to be great and it's going to bring in a lot more subscribers, and so we're really excited about it. Regarding ad-free, yes, that's absolutely something that we're thinking about. As we progress into it, we're charging $5.99 right now for with ads and we've had discussions about, how about if we do a $9.99 with no ads? And it's a very possible thing for the future. And yes, we are talking about what future projects, what original development we might put on All Access, but it's still very early. Our main focus right now is Star Trek and we wanted to start with a bang, so to speak, and I think we have.
Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thanks. And anything with respect to the smaller projects, what about anything outside of sort of the traditional long-form or full-form television? Any short-form content investment that could potentially make sense on that platform?
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Nothing we're ready to talk about yet. We're experimenting a lot and we're figuring it out.
Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Great. Thanks, Les.
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Mike.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Mike. Next question, please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Anthony DiClemente with Nomura.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thanks. Great. Good afternoon. One for Les and one for Joe. Les, I wanted to ask about the transition in leadership at CBS Entertainment from Nina to Glenn. I wonder if that portends any changes  any creative changes at the television network. I ask because if you take a step back, you guys at CBS have more retrans and syndication money coming in than any of the Big Four networks. So, it would seem like you can afford to take more risks. So, wondering if now is the time for the CBS Network to take more creative risk. And then I'll have a follow-up for Joe. Thanks.
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: All right. Look, losing Nina was not a good thing. She and I have worked together for 25 years and she's a wonderful executive. This became a lot easier to take because I had Glenn Geller who was running current programming. Now, current programming is probably the most underrated part of the company because they are the ones after the show is on the air, that sort of supervise all the existing episodes of all the shows, and Glenn is known to all of our producers. And he's known inside and outside of our group out in Los Angeles, and he's a great creative executive. You know what? We take shots when it's appropriate. We put on Supergirl. I think that surprised a lot of people, which obviously skews a bit younger than we would normally skew, and things of that nature. Once again, our bread-and-butter, people say, gee, you have too many procedurals. Well, at a $2 billion profit for both CSI and NCIS, I'll take boring any day of the week. There are a lot of sexy shows that are really cool. They get great reviews that fail. So we are taking some chances. We are experimenting a lot, but I don't mind being known as the bread-and-butter network. We win that way.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Les. And then Joe, I'm sure you are aware of this, but another media company today this morning made a decision to significantly increase their leverage target, while remaining committed to investment-grade status with the ratings agency. So I just wonder is that sort of move something that you would consider doing, going up from your 2.75 times targeted that you've stated. How high could your leverage ratio go, while keeping CBS at investment grade? Thanks.
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: Thanks for the question. Obviously, I know who you're referring to. I'm well aware of their announcement. We're very comfortable with our leverage ratio. We've had conversations as early as yesterday with our agency. They're comfortable with our strategy. First and foremost, Anthony, I think we've been consistent in this; we are investing in our business,  la Star Trek and other franchises. So, the share buyback that we're going through is really optimizing our capital structure, reducing our cost of capital. And that has been our approach; that will continue to be our approach. We see no reason to continue to push beyond that from a leverage standpoint, just to buy back our shares.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Anthony. Next question, please.
Operator: We'll go next to John Janedis with Jefferies.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Les, you talked about taking chances. Can you talk a little bit more  maybe hit on this again about how you see the future of accessing CBS content? Meaning, with All Access, Star Trek, and Showtime, are you really moving towards some sort of integrated CBS OTT platform offering outside the traditional ecosystem with much higher ARPU? And is funded through international sales so as not to be margin dilutive?
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Look, I'll start by talking about our summer strategy a couple years ago where we figured out with SVOD and international, our shows were basically paid for before we even began, before we put them on the air. We were able to put higher-priced programming on during the summer. As we look to what's happening with All Access and once again without giving numbers, we're very pleased with the results, and we feel like original programming is the next way to distinguish ourselves. We are going to roll that out fairly slowly. Once again as you look towards Showtime OTT and CBS All Access, will be there be an offering of them together? Very likely in the not-too-distant future to do that. And we haven't determined yet how we would distinguish that by original programming. At the moment, as I said, we took a very valuable piece of our own content and put it out there to sort of show what our future would be. But once again, CBS All Access and Showtime OTT are doing very well with their existing content. Showtime, obviously it's an easier way in. On CBS and on Showtime OTT, they both give people opportunity for catch-up, which so far has been a major driver of that, and now we'll give them something extra.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Got it. And thanks for the comments on the delayed viewing and measurement. Can you give us a timeline on when that rolls into and out of beta? And maybe at what point will there be a visible impact on network ad growth?
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: Look, John, it's Joe. The sooner the better, really. We're pushing this and we hope the entire industry pushes it, but obviously the next really big wave is next year's Upfront. And we're going to have to keep pushing that with dynamic ad insertion as it continues to scale. So, we wish it was sooner, but I think again it is a sizable opportunity for us.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: All right. Thanks, guys.
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: Thank you.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, John. Next question, please.
Operator: We'll go next to David Miller with Topeka Capital Markets.
David W. Miller - Topeka Capital Markets: Yes. Hey, guys. Les and then Joe, if you want to chime in. Wouldn't it be fair to say that for the next five quarters, advertising is definitely going to grow year-over-year, at the very least low if not mid-single digits? I mean you're going to have that AFC Wild Card playoff game back in Q1. You're going to have the Super Bowl, you will have the original programming that you just talked about, you get  correct me if I'm wrong, the extra Sunday football doubleheader game in Q3 of next year. Then of course, you will have the political angle. So wouldn't one of the messages here be that no one really has to worry about advertising contracting over the next five quarters? It's going to grow for the next five quarters low-to-mid single-digits at the very least, correct?
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, David, as Joe said, we don't give projections, we don't do that, but we're feeling pretty good about your theory. I wouldn't dispute any of those facts that you gave, but we're sitting here looking forward and we're feeling pretty darn good about what we see. We know what the Super Bowl's going to bring in already, we're fairly confident political's going to be huge, you're right about the extra AFC Championship games and the playoff games. In addition, we have more and more programming. We will have three  we will have Zoo plus two more originals in the summer. So forward-thinking without forward-thinking is pretty good.
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: So David, thanks for writing our prepared remarks for next quarter. It's going to be very helpful, we'll go back to this.
David W. Miller - Topeka Capital Markets: Always happy to help. Thank you.
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: Thank you.
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, David. Next question, please.
Operator: Next question comes from Doug Mitchelson with UBS.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks so much, guys. A couple of questions. One; Les, you talked about differentiating your OTT services in a world heading towards  la carte or slim bundles. When you consider where the world is going, would there be a benefit to greater scale? I know you are strategically complete, but a bigger library, more current production, greater breadth of genres? Does any of that have any appeal to you over time as you think about expanding these OTT services?
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You mean are we looking to acquire anybody? Look, we love  Doug, you know we love content. We really do and we have obviously, with Showtime, CBS, CW, Showtime OTT, CBS All Access, we have room for content. Having said that, it would have to be a great opportunity for us. We've been cautious about doing that, we are a content company, we believe the world can have more content, we don't believe the guy who says oh, there's too much content. There never can be too much content and we want more of it. Right now we're fully equipped to produce a lot of shows. We have north of 30 shows ourselves in production, but if there's a great opportunity we'd certainly jump on it.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: And I just wanted to follow up something you said I think in your prepared remarks. One or more major media or tech companies will launch a skinny bundle next year and I think you were talking about over-the-top. Why do you think that hasn't happened so far? There was certainly a lot of buzz about it this year.
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, you know what, number one, these things do take time to hatch. I know in the new world of technology everybody expects things to happen right away. Verizon has the service that's out there, Sony has the service that's out there, obviously DISH has the service that's out there. Comcast is fooling around with ideas around the skinny bundle, so is Time Warner Cable. So I think, as time progresses, I think you'll see much more activity or they'll skip right to  la carte, in which case we'll do better either way. But I think there's no question that there's going to be a change from the 180-channel universe, that people will want more specificity on what they're watching.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks so much, gentlemen.
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Doug. Next question, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Laura Martin with Needham.
Laura A. Martin - Needham & Co. LLC: Hi, guys. Two questions. One on  one of the big surprises we've seen from both HBO Now and from WWE over-the-top is the huge percent of viewing of library. About 70% is coming from library and less from sort of live or new programming. And I'm wondering if you could share some of the surprises from your over-the-top, two over-the-top channels and whether that's true of yours. And then the second thing, Les, I think you are arguably the best living programming executive for television. And what we're getting is a new smartphone global platform that has shorter windows of time and also personalized, allows personalized content. So I'm interested as you as a programmer, who has traditionally done long-form, how are you thinking about this sort of parallel ecosystem on the smartphone that's developing? And is CBS going to play in either shorter form or also more personalized content going forward?
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: All right. Joe, why don't you answer the first and I'll do the second.
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, here's what we're seeing, Laura. We're seeing they're absolutely catching up on the library stuff. So that has tremendous value. On the CBS side, it's definitely a lot of value in the current season, so that's catch-up, so that drove into the new season. And they're watching twice as much content. So when they come in, they kind of like what they have so those are the super fans that we're really getting and we're feeling that there's an appetite out there  an on-demand world around their time. So we're giving them kind of choice and convenience and that really seems to be resonating as the early sign. So as we continue to roll out more and more content, I think that will build. What we're going to look at now is we're going to watch the Star Trek fans and going to see the usage go up over the next several months as they kind of just re-acclimate themselves with the franchise, so we are definitely seeing that.
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And regarding content for the smartphone, it's a very good question that we are wrestling with. Obviously with news and sports it's fairly easy to put together packages of smaller, shorter-length content. We can do excerpts from our football game and the headline news, which we are currently doing online as we speak. In addition, our late night guys lend themselves to smaller content putting on the Colbert monologue and the Corden karaoke, Carpool Karaoke, which is very successful. And then you look at the Entertainment content; what can we do? Obviously, Disney made a big investment in Maker Studio. We are doing that on a smaller scale internally, where we're exploring shorter forms of content where an entire series will be done in 60 minutes. In other words, 12 five-minute episodes and that right now is sort of in the early planning stages, and we've got to see how effective that is. But it certainly is something we are looking at for the future, and it is becoming an important worldwide piece of content.
Laura A. Martin - Needham & Co. LLC: Very helpful. Thanks, guys.
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Laura. Next question?
Operator: We'll go next to Omar Sheikh with Credit Suisse.
Omar F. Sheikh - Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Ltd.: Good afternoon, guys. Just a couple questions from me. First of all, Joe, I think earlier you mentioned that...
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: Hey, Omar, can you speak up a little bit? We can't hear you, buddy.
Omar F. Sheikh - Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Ltd.: Sure, yes. Okay. Joe, earlier, I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you said that CBS All Access and Showtime would contribute to operating income in 2016. Just wonder whether you could confirm that's what you said and maybe if you could help us understand what sort of content we should think about next year.
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: Sure. I did say that and I can confirm that and the reason being, Omar, is the fixed cost space is now really laid. That was a 2015 investment that you saw this year, and so now as we drive subs, we anticipate that incremental revenue to fall to the bottom line. So that's the way we're anticipating it. And when you think about things like Star Trek, we're able to do that even though that's a 2017 event because the international demand, as I said, is so big, the net investment to us is relatively small. So, we're feeling pretty good about that. So we are saying yes, it will help our operating income growth next year.
Omar F. Sheikh - Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Ltd.: Okay, great. That's clear. And just a second question was on content and licensing. Just thinking about the bucket, the close to $3 billion bucket in Entertainment. Obviously, you don't have  you won't have the Elementary revenues next year in 2016, but you mentioned that there were  there's 500 episodes that you are not yet monetizing. I just wonder whether you could help us understand how you're thinking about whether or not you are going to fill that $200 million gap next year with some of the content that you are monetizing. Or should we just assume that $3 billion bucket is going to be down year on year in 2016 versus 2015? Thanks.
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: We never assume anything is down Omar because again we have a deep library what it is, and as well as the international marketplace is growing. So yes, we won't have Elementary to sell, but we do have again all of those other episodes, so we can't sit here and say we're going to sell and force a sale. The marketplace really dictates when we sell something based on the demand. What I can tell you is obviously I would tell you today we received a lot of calls about Star Trek and our sales guys said that was terrific. That's not until 2017 but we've got a lot of other stuff to talk about. So there's always a conversation going on, so that's why we never budget anything to go down. And so we understand the comp and this year we had sold  last year we sold Hawaii Five-0, Dexter, and Californication. So okay, but that's a good thing for us to do and we're replenishing the pipeline each and every year. So, I don't look at when it hits in a quarter. I just look at are we replenishing the pipeline and that's really the color we try to provide to you guys.
Omar F. Sheikh - Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Ltd.: Great, that's clear. And just to be clear, was all of Elementary booked in Q3? Or is there some to come in Q4?
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, look, most of it, I don't know that, Omar, the details. But most of it is in Q3.
Omar F. Sheikh - Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Ltd.: Okay. That's kind. Thank you.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Omar. Let's take one final question, please.
Operator: Yes, sir and that final question comes from Vijay Jayant with Evercore.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI: Thanks. I have two larger picture questions. First, I think the FCC voted to review retransmission negotiations between pay TV operators and broadcasters and sort of wants to get involved. Can you give us what your thoughts are on how that sort of plays out? And second, now that you have your own platforms, can you just talk about changes in programming costs and supply of content for kind of projects you want to do going forward? Thank you.
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Regarding the retrans, actually the FCC just came out with a very positive ruling in our favor, which basically said there had been some talk about being able to bring in signals from outside stations. Now, the head of the FCC said he's now removed that. So there's a clear path now for all retrans and reverse comp deals to go through without any governmental interference. So that's definitely a positive for us. Regarding the types of content that we do, look, between Showtime, CBS, The CW, first-run syndication, we do all sorts of different types of programming from The Price is Right to Judge Judy to The Good Wife to Homeland and Ray Donovan. And as you look towards, obviously, what we're going to put over-the-top, we've announced Star Trek is our first venture there. During the summer on CBS, we've done some more science fiction. We will see what the public wants. But as you can see, we are experts at producing all sorts of content for all sorts of people and all sorts of demographics. And we've succeeded on every single level. So we intend to continue doing that no matter what the platform is.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI: Great. Thank you so much.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Vijay, and thank you, everyone, for joining us tonight. This concludes today's call. Have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-05 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President-Investor Relations Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jessica J. Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch David Bank - RBC Capital Markets LLC Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC David W. Miller - Topeka Capital Markets Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Omar F. Sheikh - Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Ltd.
Operator: Please stand by, we're about to begin. Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CBS Corporation Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Release Teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to the Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead, sir.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter 2015 earnings call. Listening on the phone is Sumner Redstone, our Executive Chairman; and joining us for today's remarks are Leslie Moonves, President and CEO; and Joe Ianniello, Chief Operating Officer. Les and Joe will discuss the strategic and financial results of the company and then we'll open the call up to questions. Please note that during today's conference, the second quarter 2015 results are discussed on an adjusted basis, unless otherwise specified. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found in our earnings release or on our website. Also, statements on this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's securities filings. A webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can be found on the Investors section of our website at cbscorporation.com. And with that, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Les.
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Adam, and good afternoon, everybody, and thank you for joining us. I'm pleased to tell you that we posted solid financial results once again including growth in revenue and EPS. Revenue was up 1% to $3.22 billion, and EPS was up 3% to $0.74, marking another record. Much of this is being driven by our core business, which remains strong at CBS and Showtime and our other brands as well. And what's more important is that we achieved these increases now while we continue to build the company for the long-term. The heart of our strategy is to create must-have content and position ourselves for the broadband future. During the quarter, we took significant steps forward in this regard. First, we launched the new streaming service for Showtime. This will enable us to gain subscriptions from a potential new audience of as many as 90 million households. Next, we greatly expanded the reach of CBS All Access, our over-the-top subscription service. We now have deals with our affiliates to stream CBS live in more than 75% of the country, and of course, All Access on-demand is already available nationwide. Sign-ups are increasing consistently week-to-week, and that will only accelerate when we debut our fall schedule next month. Plus we're seeing excellent subscriber retention in time spent viewing, meaning we have strong customer satisfaction. This success will drive our subscription revenue and give us control of our future as the marketplace continues to change. With both Showtime OTT and CBS All Access, we are establishing price points for our programming that are much higher than what we have gotten before. In addition, Showtime, All Access and CBSN, our growing OTT news product, have all been launched in-house. We didn't have to buy some other company or outsource anything to get them off the ground. We own the technology. So these broadcast offerings, these broadband offerings rather, will drive high margin income as they continue to grow. All of this in addition to the rapid growth we continue to see in retrans and reverse comp. In just these last few weeks, we have made deals with several significant partners, including AT&T on the retransmission front and Sinclair, Nexstar and others on the reverse compensation front. Each of these deals resets the value of our content higher than it was before. Thanks to the tremendous progress we are making in this area, we are now prepared to say that we will exceed our goal of $2 billion in revenue from retrans and reverse comp by 2020. In addition, we had previously said we'd get to $1 billion by 2017. We will now surpass that target next year in 2016. These are dollars that fall right to the bottom line. Plus, as we read about all the time, there are a number of new players preparing to enter the streaming marketplace. I assure you that CBS is a must-have for each of them. This is especially important with any kind of skinny bundle that comes along, and they are coming along. These new bundles will increasingly pay us higher rates more in line with the large audiences who watch our content. Remember, out of every network on television, broadcast or cable, and every site on the Internet, we have the most watched programming there is anywhere, and we will get paid the appropriate amount for it. A similar dynamic is also taking place in the international marketplace. As the major U.S.-based SVoD companies expand aggressively overseas, local assets with their own SVoD services are now stepping up to compete. So there are all sorts of new places where we can sell our content around the world. As a result, we continue to post rapid and sustainable growth in international license fees. With such great demand for our content across global platforms, we're in a very enviable position with new opportunities opening up for us all the time. Our confidence in these opportunities and in the continued success of our base business is the reason we continue to return value to shareholders. We are using our healthy free cash flow to opportunistically buy back our stock while at the same time significantly investing in our program, which will ensure our future as the premier content company. Next month, we will premiere our new fall schedule on the CBS Television Network. I think we have a terrific mix of shows that importantly will own 80% of our primetime schedule; that is up from about 70% last year. Owning more of our content is obviously a priority for us given all the ways we can now monetize it. After launching four new owned hits last fall on CBS, plus one on The CW and one on Showtime, six hits, we look forward to starting a whole new cycle of content monetization again this year. And just like last year, we'll be adding Thursday Night Football to a primetime lineup that is already extremely strong. This allows us to launch our new schedule at staggered time, giving each new show the most promotion, the most powerful lead-ins, and the best possible chance of success. There is a reason CBS has returned more new shows from last year than any other network. Meanwhile, CBS is about to begin the biggest single year any network has ever had in terms of NFL programming, including Thursdays, Sundays and Super Bowl 50. And Super Bowl advertising is already proving to be more lucrative than ever with 30-second spots selling for $5 million and additional digital revenue being generated for Super Bowl ads online. With the NFL and a primetime lineup that will be even stronger than last year, I'm also prepared to make a bold statement. CBS will win the 2015/2016 season just as we have done 12 of the last 13 years. Our prospects next year are why the upfront marketplace played out well for us this summer. We were once again the leaders in pricing with mid-single digit CPM increases, true, volume was not as robust as in years past across the industry. People are just waiting longer to make their buying choices. But right now, we're seeing the scatter ad market accelerate rapidly in the third quarter with double digit gains in pricing. We see that extending beyond Q3 and are confident that the strength and stability of our lineup will lead to increases throughout the season. In the end, big-ticket programming will prove to be the best place for advertisers to be. In addition to primetime and sports, I want to point out two dayparts that performed particularly well for us in the Upfront. The first was late night, where we posted very healthy Upfront increases in both pricing and volume. Advertisers are clearly as excited as we are about the debut of Stephen Colbert next month. They also like what they see from James Corden at 12:30 a.m., who has exceeded our expectations in every way, including online, where his show is approaching 200 million clip videos led by his carpool karaoke bit with Justin Bieber, which is now at 31 million views. Late night programming obviously lends itself to online clips and increasingly to international syndication, too. Our ownership in both of these shows is allowing us to monetize them across platforms and around the world in a way we never could with this daypart before. Second, CBS News also posted solid Upfront gains. Every single one of our news broadcasts has more viewers now than it did a year ago. Our hard news approach is clearly working, and it will pay off that much more in the quarters to come as we broadcast our shows through the election cycle. Finally, on the Upfront, C7 was an even bigger part of our sales this year. As you know, this has been a very important initiative for us. Every single ad impression has value, and we're still in the early stages of this opportunity. Measurement will eventually become sophisticated enough to capture all viewing regardless of when and where it happens. As it does, those with the biggest audience will benefit the most. Turning to Cable, as I mentioned at the top, our new Showtime streaming service is a very significant development. It only launched less than a month ago, but we've seen a terrific level of interest. We're up and running on Apple, Roku, Hulu, and Sony PlayStation, and we'll be announcing many new partners in the very near future. Just to give you a sense of the opportunity here, every 1 million subs we add for Showtime OTT represents $100 million in new annual revenue, much of which will drop right to the bottom line. As I said earlier, there are about 90 million households in the U.S. that will now have the ability to add Showtime directly for the first time. This includes broadband-only homes and homes that previously could only purchase Showtime after buying basic cable packages. Capturing just a small percentage of these subscribers will begin to pay off immediately and will lead to a tremendous upside for us. We feel very good about our ability to do this given the creative momentum we have going on at Showtime. New seasons of Ray Donovan and Masters of Sex have been the best yet, and we have Homeland and The Affair returning in the fall, plus we will have our new Wall Street drama, Billions, and the highly anticipated Twin Peaks premiering next year. Also at Showtime, we continue to benefit from our boxing deal with Floyd Mayweather. During the quarter, his fight with Manny Pacquiao was the highest grossing pay-per-view event of all time, grossing more than $600 million. And just yesterday, we announced our next Mayweather fight coming up on September 12. In Publishing, Simon & Schuster is also producing great content. Pulitzer Prize-winning, All the Light We Cannot See, continues to sell extremely well for us. It's been on The New York Times Best Seller for more than a year and near the top since the holidays. In addition, we have just begun to have great success tapping into a new generation of authors by signing some of the hottest young online personalities. With their tens of millions of followers on YouTube and other platforms, these books have punched through and become fast-moving best sellers for us. We have also added a new subscription model to Simon & Schuster where people pay a monthly fee for access to books from a wide variety of publishers. This is yet another example of growing a whole new revenue stream on the strength of our content. Turning to Local Broadcasting, we knew 2015 would be a challenge, just as we know 2016 will be much, much better. The coming election cycle will clearly trump anything we've ever seen before. And despite all the talk that campaigns will be moving their dollars online, and, indeed, some money is going there, POLITICO estimated last week that TV ad spending, TV ad spending for the 2016 campaign will top $4.4 billion. That's $0.5 billion up from 2012 and four times as much as campaigns are expected to spend on digital. Other estimates see political spending coming in even much higher than that. What's clear is that our TV stations are terrifically positioned to capitalize on this, and there will also be a great opportunity for our radio stations to build on the momentum they achieved during last year's midterm elections. Meanwhile in radio, our new management team is making the right moves to rejuvenate the business for the digital future. CBS RADIO has huge, huge brands like WFAN in New York and The Score in Chicago that are now able to find new ways to grow by expanding onto digital platforms outside of their own markets. Speaking of the digital future, just last week, CBS Interactive also launched a whole new paid subscription business, called SportsLine, which plays off the original name for CBSSports.com. This new site will tap into the growing appetite for data-driven sports analytics and the growing market for the daily live fantasy games. With the power and reach of CBS Sports behind it, SportsLine is another example of how we are leveraging resources across our company to generate new incremental revenue streams. So across our business segments, from Entertainment to Cable to Publishing to Local Broadcasting, we are investing in our core as a content company and capitalizing on current and future digital opportunities. The future is now, and we are part of it across the board. The future continues next month with the launch of our new schedule, the debut of The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, and the return of Thursday Night Football, followed by Super Bowl 50. The future also continues when we launch another round of new owned shows this fall and because space is so tight on the CBS schedule, our studio continues to debut content on other networks as well, including promising new shows in development for non-CBS broadcast and cable outlet. Our future also continues as we embark on a whole new chapter, streaming Showtime over-the-top and expanding CBS All Access and CBSN. Plus, our streaming revenue will expand significantly as we sign new deals with the big-name companies we are talking to right now. And our future also includes national advertising accelerating in Q3 as well as the Super Bowl and a frenzied political season in 2016. And it also includes all the non-advertising revenue sources that will drive our earnings going forward, including retrans, reverse comp and international licensing. With Showtime OTT, All Access, CBSN, new domestic and international SVoD services, inside the home rights, outside the home rights, our new SportsLine site, subscription books and much more, CBS clearly is built for now and for the future. We are here to win, and we're confident we will. With that, I will turn it over to Joe.
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: Thanks, Les, and good afternoon, everyone. As you've seen, we've delivered solid results while we continue to invest in the content and technology that will lead to even more success in the years ahead. This investment in our strong networks and content brands has uniquely positioned CBS to take advantage of all the shifts underway in our industry. We remain focused on creating the best programming, enhancing our incremental revenue streams and capitalizing on the new ways consumers want their content. As a result, we will continue to benefit while we set ourselves up for future growth. Now let me give you some more details about our second quarter results. Revenue was up 1% to $3.22 billion, and we achieved an even 50%/50% split between our advertising and non-advertising revenue sources, thanks to all the actions we are taking to diversify our revenue mix. For the quarter, affiliate and subscription fees grew 28%. The increase was partly driven by the Mayweather-Pacquiao fight, which, as you heard, was the highest grossing pay-per-view event of all time. Separating out the pay-per-view revenue, underlying affiliate and subscription fees were up 11%, driven by another strong quarter for retrans and reverse comp, which were up 40% in the quarter. Content licensing and distribution was down 10% due to the timing of domestic TV licensing sales, including a large Criminal Minds deal last year. Meanwhile, international continues to be strong and grew 20% during the quarter and advertising was down 3% due to a decline in local ad spending. However, underlying network advertising came in even with last year. Operating income in the second quarter was $641 million compared with $730 million last year due to a higher investment in original programming and our digital distribution initiatives. As Les said, EPS was up 3% to $0.74. These numbers were adjusted to exclude $55 million in restructuring charges, primarily at our radio and TV station operations. The costs we took out will result in annualized savings of about $70 million, which is less than a one-year payback. Now let's turn to our operating segments. Entertainment revenue came in at $1.79 billion for the second quarter, compared with $1.84 billion last year. That's when we had that Criminal Minds sale. Meanwhile network revenue, which includes advertising and affiliate fees, was up 4% for the quarter. Entertainment operating income in the second quarter was $262 million, compared with $341 million last year. Part of this is due to our continued investment in original programming hours, which were up nearly 20% from last year's second quarter. In addition, the results reflect a higher investment in digital distribution as we expand CBSN and CBS All Access. Both are attracting a much younger audience. The average age of a CBSN consumer is 40 years old, and 70% of All Access subscribers are in the 18-49 demographic. And for the $6 a month All Access subscribers, they are taking advantage of all the additional programming available to them, and they're watching twice as much online content as non-subscribers. At our Cable Networks segment, second quarter revenue was up 19% to $615 million, helped by the pay-per-view event on Showtime. As you heard, the early adoption of our Showtime streaming service has been very strong, and we expect to see a surge of subscriptions when we premiere our new seasons of Homeland and The Affair in the fall. Second quarter cable operating income was up 3% to $220 million, including the cost of the pay-per-view event and the launch of our over-the-top service, which we expect will drive revenue growth in the quarters ahead. In Publishing, second quarter revenue came in at $199 million, compared with $211 million last year due to the timing of strong title releases. Digital represented 24% of total sales. Bestselling titles for the quarter included The Wright Brothers by David McCullough and Finders Keepers by Stephen King. Publishing operating income for the second quarter was up 9% to $25 million as a result of lower production and distribution costs. In Local Broadcasting, second quarter revenue of $654 million was down 2%. Despite the difficult comparison to last year when we had midterm elections, our TV stations were actually up 1%. Radio was down 5% from last year when we had nine additional radio stations. As far as advertising categories go, entertainment and financial services were somewhat soft. However, auto, which is our largest category, and healthcare were both up nicely. Local Broadcasting operating income for the quarter was $198 million compared with $215 million last year. As I mentioned, we've implemented restructuring activities that will improve the performance of our local businesses in the quarters ahead. Turning to cash flow and our balance sheet. Gree cash flow in the second quarter grew to $435 million, up from $4 million last year and for the first half of 2015, free cash flow was $835 million, up from $524 million in the first half of 2014. Some of the increases were due to the timing of receipts related to the pay-per-view event. We also ended the quarter with $320 million of cash on hand. Our capital allocation strategy is to first and foremost reinvest in our businesses for growth. At the same time, the market is giving us an attractive opportunity to retire a significant number of shares. During the second quarter, we repurchased more than 13 million shares for nearly $800 million. As of June 30, we had $3 billion remaining on our current buyback program. As we've previously said, we plan to complete this program sometime next year, and we will do so while adhering to our target leverage ratio, which we raised last quarter to 2.75 times. Now let me tell you what we see ahead. As Les said, the demand in the scatter marketplace is picking up as we head into the third quarter, and we see underlying network advertising improving. In local, we're obviously going to be coming up against some tougher comps during the second half of the year, primarily from political. However, underlying local ad revenue is pacing to be even in the third quarter. We also expect strong growth in affiliate and subscription fees with 10% of our retrans and 11% of our reverse comp footprint coming up for renewal during the rest of 2015. And as we peek ahead at 2016, we are set up to start the year strongly with Super Bowl 50 and end the year strongly with the presidential elections, and throughout the year, we'll continue to see steady growth in affiliate and subscription fees. As you heard, we are now on track to hit $1 billion in retrans and reverse comp revenue in 2016, which is one year sooner than we first predicted. And we also expect to exceed our $2 billion target by 2020. So in summary, we continue to position CBS for success by investing in global content and launching new distribution platforms. These are new drivers of future earnings. So from Showtime OTT to CBS All Access, from international licensing to new streaming entrants, and from retrans to reverse comp, there are terrific growth opportunities before us, and we have a lot to be excited about. At the same time, we're holding the line on costs and strengthening our financial position. So we're confident we have the right strategy and continue to execute on it. The future holds significant earnings upside for CBS and its shareholders, and we look forward to capitalizing on it. With that, Tom, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Also, in the interest of time, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. We will take our first question from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes, can you hear me?
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: Yes.
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Yes, my questions are around the NFL and your relationship there, which obviously is quite beneficial, particularly on the retrans side. Can you talk about your appetite and sort of what kind of discipline you may be applying to a long-term Thursday Night deal assuming the NFL looks to do a longer-term deal after this extension with you? And in that fold, can you talk about your expectation to include the NFL games in All Access? I think that would be obviously a really nice addition to the product if you can get those rights as well.
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, Ben, it's a good question. Obviously, we have a very long-term deal on Sunday. We like that. And we're in the second year of one-year deals, and of course, for the right price, and we feel like we are currently paying the right price, we would like to extend the Thursday Night package, and we have been disciplined and, frankly, they have been a great partner. The discussions about All Access are ongoing. Obviously, the NFL is now experimenting with putting their games online and with digital opportunities, and we talk to them about it maybe once a week, if not more. We were there as recently as a few days ago, and our relationship with the NFL couldn't be stronger. And as I said earlier, it's the first time somebody has had a Thursday package, a Sunday package, along with the Super Bowl. So we are in a lot of discussion with them on a lot of fronts, and all those things that you mentioned are on the table.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And just as a follow-up around programming, how are you feeling about the summer strategy going forward? You've had a couple of years now where you have really leaned in with some investments around content that have been helped by some of your SVoD partners, but are you thinking any differently about the go-forward strategy around the summer originals?
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The strategy still works and Zoo is the highest-rated scripted programming of the summer, and by the way, the strategy of the original programming is based more on the afterlife. In other words, the deals that we have with Amazon and Netflix, plus the huge international appetite for our shows, so as I've said before, we currently have the three dramas on the air. They are profitable before we put them on the air. So you can anticipate us having at least three dramas and continue with Big Brother, which remains very profitable and keeps my wife employed. So it's a very good thing.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Everybody wins. Thanks.
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Everybody wins, exactly.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President-Investor Relations: Great. Thank you, Ben. Let's take the next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jessica Reif Cohen with BAML.
Jessica J. Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. I have two questions, so two topics. On Showtime OTT, it's obviously such exciting potential for CBS. I am not sure I have ever heard you say how many subs you need to breakeven. And can you just talk about, I guess timing of upside and any plans for international, because there's clearly an appetite for this kind of programming overseas.
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: Yes. Jessica, it's Joe. I will take the first part of it. Certainly, as we said, every 1 million subscribers equals $100 million of profit. So it's not a whole lot of subscribers for us to breakeven. So clearly, that's not a metric we're even looking at. We fully expect it to be incremental margin dollars, and again, we do think we're addressing those 10 million only broadband-only households as we're seeing those subs grow nicely, and there's no erosion to the base business. So we do think it's incremental. Looking at international, international, the upside, I think, is great. It starts with making sure we own the intellectual property. And I think that was a strategy we put in place years ago to make sure we owned our shows and worldwide rights. So obviously, we can certainly export Showtime OTT internationally within certain windows, but we use Bell Canada as another example of working with a local partner to basically have a Showtime over-the-top service and make the money that way. So we're trying to be indifferent and being flexible to what the opportunity is, but basically, the fundamental theory is the content is working, the brand is working, and Showtime we have to think about as a global brand.
Jessica J. Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Exactly. And then the second topic is advertising. It's great that you guys did so well in the Upfront, but there's so much change in the industry now. So besides the movement towards C7 and hopefully measurement of devices soon, I don't know if you have an opinion on that, how do you see the currency changing and can you talk about your views of how important addressability will be and when?
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Jessica, obviously what you've asked is the question of the day is how much can we know and how good can Nielsen be? C7 is a step in the right direction. Dynamic Ad Insertion is becoming much more visible to us, which means that we are getting paid now not only for the first seven days or the first three days or whatever it may be, but well beyond that. I think Nielsen's making major strides in that area, and there are other people who are entering the field so we are getting to the point where we're knowing more and more, and data, obviously, becomes more and more important in our selling tools. Our Internet guys and our national sales group are working hand-in-hand. As I mentioned before, it's the first time that most of the ads that are going to be on the Super Bowl are also going to be online at the same time. And we are learning a lot, and as you can see, as you can read, what Comcast is doing, what DISH is doing is the addressability is absolutely becoming clearer and clearer, and that only is good news for us. The more they know, the more we're going to be able to sell.
Jessica J. Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President-Investor Relations: Great, thank you, Jessica. Let's take the next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Bank with RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thank you. Les, you mentioned in your introductory remarks that you had achieved agreements with, I think, 75% of the affiliate base for CBS All Access. And I wanted to know does that base that you have come up with that agreement for, does that translate to being able to kind of negotiate and distribute on their behalf to a third-party, then your OTT service like an Apple as well as just either your first-party All Access? And additionally, can you give us a sub count for All Access? Second, in an unrelated follow-up, historically, I think you needed 80 episodes to 100 episodes of a show to strip and syndicate on a linear basis but Elementary kind of changed that model on linear TV, at closer to probably 60 episodes to 65 episodes. So if we're doing our math right, you should have a similar episode count by fall 2017 for CSI: Cyber, NCIS: New Orleans, Madam Secretary and Scorpion. So is it realistic to think that the backlog for 2017 linear syndication should include those titles? Thanks.
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: All right. In terms of the first  our relations with our affiliates remains very strong, and they are very much a part of All Access and the 75% is actually a rather low number. It should be much higher than that. We are basically going to have the entire country before too long, or most of it. And once again, the thing that they appreciate greatly, it's the first time they've been cut into a deal like this where there's an online deal, there's an online service, and they're going to share in our revenue stream. Once again, I want to reiterate, the national service is available everywhere. It's only the part that's the live linear stream is where we need all of them onboard, and they are onboard. The good news as well is, as we talk about third-party services, our deals with them will include our being able to negotiate directly, and then make deals with our affiliates where they will be able to share in that. And that's built up over a good partnership, and obviously, it's going to be beneficial to us financially, and it's going to be beneficial to them financially. Sub count on All Access, we're not giving that out, as I'm sure you know. But needless to say, we are very pleased with where we are right now. It's going up considerably week-after-week, and as I said, when the fall season begins, which we're really excited about, and it's a month away, we think that number is going to continue to rise and we're very excited about it. And I will let Joe talk about 2017 and all our...
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: Yes, David, I think you're right. I think, again, we sold Elementary up to three seasons, about 66 episodes; so clearly, there is a trend in the industry that we think it's actually positive for some of our franchises to get it into syndication sooner than four years. So I think you're thinking about it right. I think all the shows Les mentioned, the six hits, now, again, I wouldn't think about it just on CBS, think about CW and Showtime as well. So we are replenishing that pipeline that we can monetize probably in 2017. I think that probably makes the most sense for us, but if you recall a few years ago, we had like five shows going into syndication in one year, and it was all the fruits of the labor that we are planting right now, so that's why we're very optimistic about our future.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President-Investor Relations: Great. Thanks, David. Let's take the next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, thank you. My questions are on the ad market, which, you mentioned is improving in the third quarter. I think one of your peers this morning said the same thing. Could you give us any more color in terms of really what's driving it? Is it the fact that there maybe is a lack of inventory in the marketplace because some of your peers may have been having to give up some make-goods or is it really, does it have legs to it? Is it pricing? Is it demand? I guess any color you could give would be great.
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: Yes, Alexia, it's Joe. Yes, look, it's definitely demand across the board. Obviously, we have inventory, because, you know, that's why you don't sell out 100% of the Upfront because again, you want to have that scatter available, and we're taking advantage of it. As Les said, the price increases are double digits. If I was just looking at a couple of categories, auto and healthcare are two categories that are really spending here in the scatter. So when you see big categories coming across and putting more dollars, I think their buying habits may be changing over time, but at the end of the day, they're buying franchises, the strength and stability that only a few broadcast companies really offer, and we're the beneficiary of that.
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And once again, the reason, we're once again confident in our schedule. We're confident that we will get a great percentage of the scatter, and as we said earlier in the call, people want to buy a little closer to the time when it goes on. So that's why the amount of the upfront, the volume was down a little bit. But it's something that truly does not concern us one iota.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: All right. Thank you very much.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Alexia. Let's take the next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Morris with Guggenheim Securities.
Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thank you. Good afternoon, guys.
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Mike.
Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Two topics. Hi, Les. First, my question is on programming spending in light of your earlier comments about growth in broadband, just the growth in broadband-based demand, right. So I guess my question is this. Showtime is at the higher price point and it seems like there is more flexibility on Showtime in terms of the type of content and the ability to give a show some time to grow. When you think about fueling that business, do you think about that as being sort of incremental spend that you want to put behind that? Or over time, do you maybe start to reallocate budget between CBS and Showtime? And then I have a second question about pay-per-view.
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I wouldn't say that. You know what, they are, frankly in terms of programming, what's changed about the marketplace is, and we've mentioned it, is that the back end is becoming as important as the front end. So investing in more original programming for both CBS and Showtime offers so many more possibilities, which is why that we have increased the number of originals we have on CBS, and we are also increasing what's available on Showtime, because we are able to monetize it. Every time we order a new show, we have an entire game plan, so there is very little risk, and the upside is pretty tremendous when you can  when I put on a show like NCIS: New Orleans, three years from now, I know I'm going to be talking about hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars in profit. And for us, the amount of original content is more important than the movies.
Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then on pay-per-view, I'm curious about the economics of the fight. It feels like Showtime does so much of the heavy lifting in terms of the production and securing the rights, and yet obviously you share a lot of the economics with the traditional distribution ecosystem. What would it take to get to a point where you can distribute that directly, kind of eliminate the middleman and maybe participate more in the economics there?
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, on this fight, Floyd Mayweather did better than CBS did. That's all I got to say. But you bring up a valid point. And look, for this fight, since it was such a huge fight, the economics with our traditional partners did change quite a bit. Looking forward, as you have digital assets that you own yourself, you could look even further out at putting it directly to the consumer, and we keep 100 cents of the dollar. That is something that obviously is coming. But we did fine on the Mayweather fight. We made a sizable amount of money. As I said, not nearly what Floyd or Manny made, but we did fine. And the system, the future looks better. And you bring up a very good point.
Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Great. Thanks, guys.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President-Investor Relations: Great, thanks, Mike. Let's take another question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony DiClemente with Nomura.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thanks. I have one for Les and one for Joe. Les, a lot of anxiety today in the marketplace around the bundle, around the breaking apart of the traditional bundle. You guys have the least exposure to the bundle. So a subscriber leaves a traditional ecosystem, and maybe you're agnostic. Maybe you could pick them up on All Access, as you mentioned in your remarks. So just how do you feel about the bundle at this point as it relates to CBS? Is there a way you can sort of exploit that advantage given how nimble you are relative to your peers, even more so or more creatively than you've done up until this point?
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, I mean, look, you've made a valid point, one that we've been saying for a long time. As the world proceeds into the skinnier bundles, the smaller bundles, it does leave anxiety out there for a lot of companies. We are a big proponent, because guess what, every skinny bundle deal that's out there, and obviously we've made a few of them already, the ecosystem gets validated towards he who has the most viewers gets paid the most money. I know it's an odd concept for some of the cable companies, but that's the way it should be. We're sort of re-regulating what the system should be. So anytime there's a new bundle that you hear out there, you can assume that CBS is applauding it, because we are going to get paid more than we get paid by the traditional MVPDs. So we are one of the few companies that is very much in favor of it. Our major brands are CBS and Showtime. And as this world evolves and it is evolving, we are ready for it. We are ready for it, so it should be greeted well.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Les. And then, Joe, I just wanted to talk about syndication within the Entertainment segment. So you called out the tough comp on Criminal Minds in the 2Q.
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: Right.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Can you just give us anything on the back half on the licensing comps? And then broadly over the course of your annual budget, the 2015 budget, if you took CBS syndication and broke it up into SVoD versus traditional syndication, can you just help us with, can either or both of those grow versus last year given the tough comp quarters that we've seen so far? Thanks.
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: Yes, look, again, obviously, you guys know this and that it's all timing of when those shows are available. So if I'm just looking at the back half of this year, Elementary, as we just heard on a previous question, will be made available. That deal is done, so that will happen in the back half of this year. So I mean, last year we had it more going in into first cycle availabilities than we did this year. That being said, international is growing faster as well. There's more players out there. We continue to re-up our library portion. And we never make excuses, and we never budget or forecast to make less money than we did the previous year. So our sales guys, we think, have a lot of content to sell, and we expect them to do that and maximize the value. But I can't predict when a deal happens and when it doesn't happen. It'll be all timing of when the marketplace is. But the good news is it's a very competitive marketplace, and that bodes well when you have beachfront property.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay. Thanks very much.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President-Investor Relations: Great, thanks, Anthony. Let's go to the next question.
Operator: We'll go next to Doug Mitchelson with UBS.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: Oh, thanks so much. So, look, I think, one was on the new $1 billion guide. Does that include the benefit of potential new OTT services like Apple TV or is that based on what's signed so far?
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: No, Doug. It's Joe. It's just, it's straight retrans, reverse comp.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: Forgot about that one. I know you didn't want to give a number, but CBS All Access seems from the data that I've seen to be doing surprisingly well. I mean, it seems like you're headed to reach 1 million subs within the first year. I mean, is that rational or is it too early?
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: Why do you say surprisingly? We're not surprised. No, no, Doug, look, again  well that's why we're  look, again, we're obviously, you know, we're playing to get millions of subscribers, not hundreds of thousands. I think again the good news for us is we're seeing that each and every day and we're doing that without the NFL content at $6 a month. So again, back to the skinny bundle, back to the price point where we are. We're looking at the marketplace saying our broadband offering was clearly consumers have an appetite for growing rapidly at the highest price point we have in the marketplace. So you should assume we want to lean into that and continue to push on that, but clearly we're not going to get into, we hit 1 million this month or next month or whatever month, it doesn't really matter. I think the key is each and every day it's growing.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: Yes, I remember that when you put out the press release saying you hit 1 million subs. So that leads to the big question; are the OTT services doing well enough? Even though it's early days that you're thinking about investing in more content specifically for those services? I know you mentioned more originals of course, your bread and butter, but short-form library, super-fan content, HBO talked about ramping its content and marketing investment for HBO NOW given how well that's doing so far. How do you balance investing versus your desire to deliver earnings in the short-term to medium-term...
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You know what? It's early days with these services, as you know. I mean Showtime OTT is a month old or, you know, so we're looking at everything. And how do you distinguish yourselves, how do you make it special as special as you can? So we're looking at those things, as long as we remain contained and conservative about what we spend, but we are a content company and we know how to do content.
Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Operating Officer: And, Doug, I would just add to this, look, there's low-hanging fruit. I think, again, our thesis is there's a demand out there that we don't have to invest more in content. It's there, the price point for the subs was such that they couldn't have access to Showtime and/or CBS. So we're clearly as we both said on our remarks, we're investing in the future that we spend $11 billion of cost each year, and we do pullback on other areas and lean into other areas. I mean, obviously you saw us take out $70 million of cost in there. That allows us to reinvest for growth, and I think that's the key. It's what we understand how to allocate capital and where to lean in and where to lean out.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: Right. Okay. Thanks so much.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President-Investor Relations: Good. Thank you, Doug. Let's go to the next question.
Operator: Next question comes from David Miller with Topeka Capital.
David W. Miller - Topeka Capital Markets: Yes, hey, guys. Les, just a question on the Super Bowl, if I might; the general rap that I think the sell side and the buy side has on the Super Bowl every year, no matter which network has it, is that  it just looks great on your revenue line but just the sheer production cost of the game plus the incremental sports rights make it tough to make money. Do you agree with that? And with these rates approaching $5 million per spot as you mentioned in your prepared remarks, what opportunities are there for operating leverage in the game? And then I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, David, if there's a rap on it, tell them we will take the Super Bowl every single year, year in, year out forever. So, you know what, if the incremental doesn't outweigh the amount of money you get per spot, what NBC got last year, it is very, very worth it. You are going to see it in revenue and in profit in 2016 and we love having it. We're very excited about having it. There's no downside.
David W. Miller - Topeka Capital Markets: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up; just during the Upfront season, a lot of our media buyer guys seem to be pretty high on Code Black, Limitless and Supergirl. Those seem to be the three new series that everyone seems to be excited about in general. Any others you want to call out in terms of what you're excited about once the fall season starts and any other expectations you're willing to share would be great. Thanks.
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, we have five new shows and you mentioned the three dramas. Those are the three dramas and they are all extraordinarily good, and they're all extraordinarily different. We have two comedies of which I'm excited about as well, Life in Pieces and Angel from Hell. So they've acknowledged the three, and frankly, the media buyers generally are attracted more to drama initially and there haven't been a lot of big comedies recently, but we think we have a real good shot. Once again, we're not going to bat 1,000 but our batting average has been better than anybody's over the last decade, so we're feeling pretty good but thank you, buyers, for the compliments.
David W. Miller - Topeka Capital Markets: Appreciate it. Thanks very much.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, David, and next question, please.
Operator: Next question comes from Jason Bazinet with Citi.
Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Just a question for Mr. Moonves.
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): In the past, you've been very vocal about your belief that broadcast will fare better than cable net advertising as more dollars go digitally. And I suspect that's influenced in part by what happened over the last few decades as cable network advertising grew and broadcast held its own. But I was just wondering if you could comment on the sort of the synthetic ability of these Internet properties to deliver massive reach? How do you think CBS stacks up against that?
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, as I said in my thesis, which I think has been borne out, is that broadcast reaches a mass audience, and there are certain niche cable networks that are replaced by the Internet. So it might be more effective in reaching them. Once again, the proof of purchase from the Internet is not yet there as strongly as it is on broadcast. We fairly well know the results of it, and you won't see a major advertiser. You won't see in a major car company or a Procter & Gamble; most industries will not veer away from broadcast. Digital obviously is the brave new world, and we're part of it, but most digital advertising is actually off network product that you find digitally. So that is a big, big part of it. And we still feel very bullish. There's a reason year-after-year our CPMs go up and the broadcast business is in better shape than basic cable.
Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Jason. And let's take another question, please?
Operator: We'll go next to Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President-Investor Relations: Marcie, we lost you there. Are you still there? Marcie?
Operator: She has disconnected.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President-Investor Relations: Okay.
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President-Investor Relations: Why don't we take one more? Let's go to the last question here and close it out.
Operator: We will take our last question from Omar Sheikh with Credit Suisse.
Omar F. Sheikh - Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Ltd.: Hi and thanks. So, I've just got a question about your content licensing business. I wonder if you could just give us a sense of unit pricing trends in your content licensing business amongst your SVoD customers? So one of the arguments you're going to hear quite a lot is that some of your SVoD customers are trying to drive down pricing for the bundles of content that they buy from you and others. So I'm just trying to get a sense of how you think about that and how we should think about the dynamics of your SVoD business growing over time? Thanks.
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, initially or obviously, our initial deals with the SVoD companies incorporated a huge amount of library product. And there were a huge amounts of money that took place, exchanged hands over it; hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars, and as the model evolved, obviously, they went into wanting more recent series on the air, and they have put on a certain amount of original content, but once again, as I mentioned, regarding our summer programming, we have deals with Netflix and with Amazon to put them on a few days after we're on the air. Our franchises also, of which we have just sold CSI, we've sold NCIS to the SVoD services, bring in a huge amount of content. Remember, these are shows that had literally 200 episodes, 300 episodes at a time, plus the international SVoD marketplace is expanding all the time, as I mentioned. The big players are there, and now the local players are there, so our business with the SVoD services has evolved, and it's different than it was before, but it is still lucrative, and it's still beneficial to us.
Omar F. Sheikh - Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Ltd.: And are there any particular markets internationally that you'd highlight as being particularly attractive?
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The marketplace  look, the general marketplace in terms of Western Europe obviously is our biggest place; it's our biggest source. The U.K., Germany, France; those companies do extraordinarily well and Canada remains, obviously, a major, major place for us to do business. So those are the major highlights.
Omar F. Sheikh - Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Ltd.: Thanks.
Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Omar, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. This concludes today's call. Have a great evening.
Operator: And, ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-07 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President of Investor Relations Leslie Moonves - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Joseph R. Ianniello - Former Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasurer
Analysts: David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division Anthony J. DiClemente - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Douglas D. Mitchelson - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division David W. Miller - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division John Janedis - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Bryan D. Kraft - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CBS Corporation First Quarter 2015 Earnings Release Teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead.
Adam Townsend: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our First Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. Listening on the phone is Sumner Redstone, our Executive Chairman; and joining us for today's remarks are Leslie Moonves, President and CEO; and Joe Ianniello, Chief Operating Officer. Les and Joe will discuss the strategic and financial results of the company, and then we will open it up for questions. Please note that statements on this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's news releases and securities filings. A webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can be found on the Investors section of our website at cbscorporation.com. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can also be found in our earnings press release or on our website. And with that, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Les.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you, Adam, and good afternoon, everybody, and thanks for joining us. I'm very pleased to tell you that CBS turned in a strong quarter yet again, with EPS hitting $0.78, another record. This marked the 21st consecutive quarter that we have grown our EPS while continuing to invest in our future. Our consistent success is driven by the performance of our content and all the new ways we are monetizing it. Certainly, the world is changing. New dynamics are popping up in our industry every single day. As a result, there are winners and losers. The good news is that CBS will continue to be a winner in any scenario. This is because we are wonderfully positioned. We are clearly one of the best companies in all of media when it comes to benefiting from changing consumer habits. No matter the size of the bundle or the method of distribution, audiences simply can't live without our programming. Verizon has a new bundle that we're part of. Sony has a bundle that we're part of, and you've all heard a talk about Apple as well, and there will be more. The good news for us is that in every bundle, from what exists now to the new ones that will come along, CBS will have to be a major part of every service that wants to succeed. And in smaller bundles, we will always get a bigger slice of the pie, and that means higher fees for CBS. At the same time, we are proactively launching our own content platforms, too, including the very successful debut of CBS All Access and the upcoming Showtime over-the-top service, which will be announced soon. As we find new ways to monetize our content, we are also increasing our output of quality programming across the company. From the #1 television network where we're growing our viewers, to the increasing demand for our shows in global syndication, we are producing the content viewers want to see. In fact, across all platforms, we have more viewers today than we did 11 years ago. Our hit shows are performing particularly well with our SVOD partners who are finding predictably that great content is not so easy to produce. You need a great explorer like Marco Polo to find the actual audiences that's watching some of these programs. Our success means that we have the capacity to return tremendous value to our shareholders. During the quarter, as promised, we repurchased $1 billion of our stock. In fact, since the start of 2014, we have retired more than $7 billion of our stock, including this $2.7 billion we returned after we split off Outdoor. All of these is in addition to the nearly $400 million we paid out in dividends. Going forward, you can be certain that we will be steadfast in our commitment to return value to shareholders. So with a growing audience, increased licensees and continued rapid growth in retrans and reverse comp, we are poised to continue our remarkable run and deliver for our investors for years to come. Now let's take a brief look at each of our businesses, starting with entertainment. Then I'll turn it over to Joe before we take your questions. The CBS Television Network is just about to end a season as the most-watched network in the country. It will be the seventh consecutive year and the 12th time in 13 years that we have achieved this feat. We are #1 in viewers, and once again, we are up. In fact, we're up 5% from a year ago. On average, we're beating the competition by the very wide margin of 2.5 million viewers, which is twice as large as last year's lead. We're also #1 in 25 to 54 and in 18 to 49, where within 146,000 viewers of NBC in a year in which they had the Super Bowl. Subtract the viewers that they gained from that game, and we're #1 in 18 to 49, too. And guess who has that game next year? CBS. One of the big reason CBS is having such a strong finish to this season is the addition of Thursday night football. Adding games this past fall tightened up our schedule and allowed us to save more original programming for later in the season when others had repeats. Primetime NFL games also helped us to have one of the best batting averages ever. In terms of launching new shows, virtually, all of our new shows this year have been hits, including NCIS: New Orleans, Madam Secretary, Scorpion and CSI: Cyber. And even better, these are shows we own; meaning, they will now be monetized for years to come. We will capitalize on this opportunity again next season when we bring back Thursday Night Football with a significantly bigger and better schedule of games. And as I've said, we'll also have Super Bowl 50 in addition to our usual Sunday afternoon package. So next year will be the biggest year any network has ever had with the NFL with Thursdays, Sundays and the Super Bowl, and we'll be the biggest full season viewer number anyone has had in a long, long time. CBS Sports and other marquee events also are performing extremely well for us. Last month, the final round of the Masters drew 14 million viewers, up 26% from 2014, and the NCAA Men's Basketball Championship attracted more than 28 million viewers, making it its highest-rated game in 18 years. You heard from our partners at Time Warner about how the tournament drove revenue for them, and needless to say, this helped us as well. CBS News also continues to build its audience during the first quarter. All of our signature news programs were up, including our flagship broadcast, CBS Evening News with Scott Pelley and CBS This Morning. In fact, CBS This Morning is the only morning network newscast to add viewers this season and is now delivering its largest audience in more than 2 decades. Plus, we're attracting new and younger viewers to CBSN, our digital streaming news network. CBSN continues to exceed our expectation and expand into new platforms. And once again, we are doing this without the cost associated with the Cable News Network. Also, during the quarter, we launched a whole new franchise in late night, The Late Late Show with James Corden had a strong debut, and the audience is building, including the highest ratings yet earlier this week. Creatively, the show is way ahead of where we expected it to be. That's having an especially good success online and in social media, where it's #1 in its time period. And because we own this show, we're now able to monetize these views as well. This represents a whole new opportunity for us in late night, and it's one that will replicate on an even larger scale with the launch of The Late Show with Stephen Colbert in September. Speaking of the late show, this is a bittersweet moment for us. David Letterman changed the game in late night television, and we are very proud of all that he has accomplished. So when he takes his final bow in 2 weeks, it will truly be an end of an era. But there is no better person to take up the mantle than Stephen Colbert, and we are very much looking forward to his debut. Also, in broadcast television, The CW is about to finish its most-watched season ever. This includes the outstanding first season of our new owned series, Jane the Virgin. We look forward to building on The CW's momentum when we announce our new fall schedule next week. So from prime time, to sports, to news, to late night, it's a great time to be heading into the upfront. May 13 is right around the corner with scatter pricing up double digits. We can't wait to get started. CBS's ratings growth, demographic strength and a complete and stable schedule are once again the pillars of what we will offer our agencies and clients. And yes, I'm very confident that we will lead the marketplace in pricing and volume. And no, I'm not giving a numeric projection other than to say, no one will enter the upfront or the new fronts in a better position than CBS. In addition, C7 will be an even bigger part of our negotiations again this year as we move from C3 to C7, and to beyond 7 days, there's a tremendous value that will continue to be unlocked. Delayed viewing is allowing to significant innovation in terms of more data, more analytics and more targeting capabilities, and we are determined to get paid for all of it. In fact, as the marketplace continues to improve here in the second quarter, I like what we're seeing in terms of the future of advertising with CBS. There will always be new shiny objects, but one spires look at every type of advertising that there is, old and new, they're realizing that nothing can compete with the effect of this at CBS. Our Head of Research, David Poltrack, is proving this fact to a new program that documents a client's return on investment when advertising with CBS. And as we just announced, we are #1 in virtually every consumer group imaginable. In addition to our improving outlook on advertising, we are very excited by the growth we're seeing in our nonadvertising revenue streams. Retrans and reverse comp continue to rise at a rapid clip on their way past $2 billion in 2020. International revenue also grew strongly during the quarter, and we continue to take advantage of the high demand for our content as new markets and platforms open up around the world. And SVOD is now more competitive than ever in terms of buying premium content as evidenced by Hulu's recent spending spree, which is another good sign for us going forward. So we're selling SVOD in a big way, but we're also selling traditional syndication in a big way as well. We are now selling the same product many times, and the overall pie is growing. What remains very, very clear is that the value of hit programming continues to drive the syndication marketplace on any platform. In fact, more than half of the top 50 highest-rated nonsports telecast on the USA network this season were episodes of NCIS, and all of the top 50 highest-rated nonsports telecast on TBS were episodes of The Big Bang Theory. As you know, these are the #1 shows on CBS and in all of television in their respective genres. The point is: Viewers will continue to watch the best content wherever they can find it. Repeat viewing on cable and digital is bringing viewers back to new episodes on the network, creating a virtuous cycle for those who have the best programming. And once again, let me remind you, we have 50 -- 15 of the top 20 scripted programming on television. As we grow our nonadvertising revenue, we're also very encouraged by the early success of CBS All Access. The majority of subscribers are signing on to watch past episodes of current CBS shows which is available nationwide. Meanwhile, the live linear feed of CBS has now expanded to more than 55% of the country through deals with a number of our affiliate groups, including Hearst, Gray, Meredith and Raycom. We expect the whole country to be able to stream CBS live before long. With every subscriber we add, we are raising the bar in terms of what CBS is worth in the marketplace. We're also looking forward to rolling out our new Showtime over-the-top service in the coming months. There are 10 million broadband-only homes that cannot currently subscribe to Showtime. Going over-the-top will allow us to reach these consumers. There are also nearly 100 million television homes that may want to subscribe to Showtime but have yet not done so because of the historical way premium cable has been packaged. OTT will facilitate sign-ups with them as well. So just like HBO now is proving, we see tremendous opportunity at Showtime. This new over-the-top service and the international expansion we told you about last quarter are made possible by the incredible creative success story we have going right now at Showtime. We have more hit shows on the network than ever before, and the majority of them are owned by us and are just being monetized. We're constantly adding to this pipeline, including a terrific new drama coming up called Billions that is currently in production. It's about the inner workings of Wall Street hotshots, and I predict it will find an audience with a number of people right here on this very call. And of course, last weekend, we had what we're confident will be the highest grossing pay-per-view fight of all time between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao. This event clearly captured the world's attention, and in doing so, provided us with a nice profit and a terrific opportunity for Showtime to continue elevating its now global brand. Our world-class content is also making its mark at Simon & Schuster. We're very pleased that All the Light We Cannot See by Anthony Doerr won the 2015 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. This book has been a huge success. It's been on the bestseller list for an entire year now, with sales approaching 2 million copies. Needless to say, we're extremely honored by this prestigious award. At our local businesses, as the weather has improved after a tough winter, so is advertising. Our TV stations continue to benefit from our retrans and reverse comp deals as well as our big event programming. Sales revenue for the NCAA Men's Basketball Championship game were up double digits over last year, and our stations attracted record sales for the Academy of Country Music Awards. And in radio, we have welcomed an impressive executive, Andre Fernandez, to serve as our new President. Andre took the reins from a friend and longtime colleague, Dan Mason, who retired last month. Andre has a successful track record as President of a public company portfolio of newspapers, TV and radio stations and digital assets. We look forward to all that he will do to build on our major market strategy and keep radio growing into the future. So across our company, we're moving forward from a position of great strength, and it all starts with our content where we continue to grow our audience and reach new viewers. This season, we added to the pipeline at least a half a dozen new shows, including 4 from CBS, 1 from Showtime and 1 from The CW, all of which we own. Each of these shows is just beginning to be sold internationally in syndication and in SVOD. This represents the most shows that we've ever launched in a single year since we became the new CBS Corporation 9 years ago. And in that regard, it's quite possibly the best season anyone has ever had. We look forward to these shows paying off for years to come, and we'll be planting the seeds for more in the coming weeks. At the same time, advertising is improving, and our nonadvertising revenue streams are benefiting from new opportunities all the time. From 500 channels to ala carte, from over-the-air to over-the-top, CBS is must-have programming. This fact is not changing no matter how fast the world may be. So I'm very pleased about all we continue to achieve, and I'm even more excited about all that we have left to do. With that, I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Thanks, Les, and good afternoon, everyone. I want to start by echoing Les's remarks about how excited we are to compete in this ever-changing media landscape. When you have the content, the strategy and the balance sheet that we do, the opportunities are enormous. Before I take you through the numbers, I want to discuss our ever-changing revenue mix, which is a big part of our overall strategic plan. One of the great benefits of our transformation into a content-centric company is that we continue to find new ways to monetize our shows. Advertising represented 51% of total revenue during the quarter, with the other 49% coming from high-margin, fast-growing revenue streams. These streams are led by retrans and reverse comp, international licensing and increasingly innovative distribution platforms such as CBS All Access. In fact, our $6 a month over-the-top service is far exceeding our expectations, and it underscores our value in retrans and reverse comp negotiations. And at the same time that we are growing our diverse revenue sources, we are also expanding our content pipeline in a big way by investing in premium programming, resulting in new hits across our networks that we can monetize for years to come. So we are very well positioned for the future, and we remain committed as ever to returning value to our shareholders. In January, we took advantage of very attractive interest rates to raise $1.2 billion of debt, and we used that cash to repurchase stock at an accelerated pace early in the quarter. As a result, we retired 17.2 million shares at an average price of $58 per share for a total of $1 billion in Q1. As of March 31, we had $3.8 billion remaining on our share repurchase program, which as we've told you previously, we plan to complete sometime in 2016. In addition, given our change in revenue mix and our free cash flow generation, we are now comfortable broadening our debt to OIBDA target ratio to a range of 2.5x to 2.75x. Just as we always do, we will revisit our capital return opportunities with our board when we near the completion of our existing plan. Now let me give you some more details about our first quarter results. Revenue came in at $3.5 billion compared with $3.57 billion last year. Advertising was down 5%, primarily because of an additional NFL playoff game we had in Q1 of last year, but the good news is underlying network advertising was up 1%. Affiliate and subscription fees were up double digits for the second consecutive quarter, thanks to our new retrans and reverse comp deals, and content licensing and distribution was down 4%. As you know, by now, these fees can vary from quarter to quarter depending on the timing of content availability. As we told you on our last call, we are now using operating income as a key financial metric instead of OIBDA. For the first quarter, operating income came in at $702 million compared with $791 million in 2014, reflecting our continued investment in programming. Just to give you some perspective, our CBS Television Studios produced more than 30 hours of originals for CBS and The CW in Q1 of 2015 compared with last year. At an average price of a few million dollars per hour, this investment is our highest ROI and will pay back in the years ahead as we sell these shows across multiple platforms around the world. As you heard, we also turned in our best-ever first quarter for EPS, which was up 1% to $0.78. And we did this despite a foreign exchange impact that cost us $0.04 of EPS during the quarter. Now let's turn to our operating segments. First quarter entertainment revenue was $2.26 billion, down 2% from last year when we had that additional NFL playoff game that I just mentioned. However, this segment benefited from our new retrans and reverse comp agreements, which resulted in higher network affiliation fees. In addition, our interactive businesses delivered a strong revenue quarter, driven by CBS All Access, CBSN and our CBS Sports websites. Entertainment operating income for the quarter came in at $346 million. Again, this reflects our investment in more originals, including NCIS: New Orleans, Madam Secretary and Scorpion at CBS and Jane the Virgin at The CW. And the best part is we have not yet begun to monetize those episodes on SVOD or domestic syndication. In Cable Networks, first quarter revenue came in at $539 million, up from $537 million last year. We offset last year's significant streaming sale of Dexter with growth in affiliate fees as well as higher international licensing fees, which were helped by our deal with Bell Media in Canada. Stable operating income for the first quarter was $251 million, down $3 million from 2014. This reflects the timing of the actual programming as well as an investment to increase our bandwidth infrastructure as we prepare for the launch of Showtime over-the-top. Even so, our cable operating income margin held strong at 47%. In publishing, Q1 revenue was $145 million, down $8 million from last year. However, operating profit was up 9% to $12 million as digital content, which is more profitable than print, increased to 31% of total publishing revenue for the quarter. We continue to turn out great content here as well, with 64 New York Times bestsellers during the quarter, including 3 that hit #1. In Local Broadcasting, first quarter revenue came in at $596 million, down 5%. TV stations were down 3%, and radio stations were down 7%. I'd like to remind you, as a result of our radio station swap with Beasley last year, we now have 9 fewer radio stations in our portfolio. In addition, the harsh weather that hit Boston, New York, Chicago, Philadelphia and Detroit where we have 40 TV and radio stations contributed to the advertising slowdown that we saw during the quarter, particularly in the retail and entertainment categories. However, we are seeing a pickup across several key advertising categories in Q2. And Local Broadcasting operating income during the quarter was $161 million, down from $179 million. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet. Free cash flow for the first quarter came in at $400 million compared with $520 million last year due to our higher sports and original prime time programming investments, and we finished the quarter with $331 million of cash on hand and gross debt of $7.7 billion. Now let me tell you what we see ahead. Advertising at our local businesses is improving. Our stations are pacing to be about even with Q2 as we begin to comp against increased political spending from a year ago. We also expect our nonadvertising revenue streams to grow. In particular, we have just about under 20% of our footprint coming up for renewal in retrans and reverse comp during the rest of 2015. So affiliate and subscription fees will ramp up throughout the year. In addition, we expect Showtime over-the-top to be a meaningful driver of our cable results in the near future. There was a large underserved market here, and we anticipate strong demand for this service. And of course, we continue to have a lot of headwind to grow internationally as well as our international sales team had 6 freshmen hits in their arsenal that they have to sell. So in summary, our first quarter once again speaks to the strength of our strategy, which is to monetize our content across an increasing number of revenue streams. We are focused on producing the best content, and here at CBS, we remain at the top of our game. Our investment in programming led to an unprecedented number of hits across CBS, Showtime and The CW this season. Each new hit adds to our pipeline, which is looking as strong as it has in years. So from retrans and reverse comp, to multi-platform syndication, to over-the-top services, there are terrific opportunities before us, and that is why we are so confident that we have a bright future ahead. With that, Gwen, let's open the line for questions, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to David Bank with RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: First off, I'd like to lend my service to you as highly paid creative consultant on Billions. So I'll be waiting for a call after this call.
Leslie Moonves: Join the list. We have quite a list on that.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So I had 2 questions, one for Les and one for Joe. The first is for Les. Look, our understanding from what we see from the buy side of syndicated programming is that linear -- on a linear side, it certainly seems to be directly tied to audience deliveries in the prime first-run. And I think there are some concern amongst investors that as you get changing viewership habits, whether or not people are actually watching less first-run prime, certainly, maybe some of that viewership isn't being measured and you are going to get lower ratings. And as a result, do you get lower pricing per episode for your content? And when you think about the other platforms where you're also monetizing, if there is a direct relationship between ratings and kind of what the value of an episode is in linear, how do you determine that kind of -- what determines the pricing on SVOD? How tied is it to ratings on the international market? That's first. And I guess, for Joe, we noticed that Moody's had some positive comments out on your increased financial flexibility and what they thought with the increased financial flexibility given the kind of shift in your revenue mix more toward contractual revenue. So given that you've broadened the target leverage range to 2.5x to 2.75x, do you think -- do you expect to complete the existing buyback authorization earlier than you did previously when you gave that initial target?
Leslie Moonves: Thanks, David. I'll deal with the first one. As I mentioned, look, we're in a changing landscape, but the great news is in measurable number of viewers that we are getting paid for, we are above where we were 11 years ago. So yes, there's more that goes to DVR usage, there's more that's online, there's more -- however, the advertising dollars per viewer is higher than it's ever been, and we are extremely excited about that. In terms of the international marketplace, it's never been stronger because guess what, SVOD is growing rapidly in each of these places. Plus, the international marketplace is expanding into Asia more and obviously eastern Europe and Latin America, markets that didn't exist. But as I said, SVOD, there's a great deal of competition now throughout the major territories that we do business with. And SVOD, once again -- as I mentioned, Hulu is now a major player. They spent $180 million on Seinfeld. By the way, we own 9% of that show, just parenthetically. So clearly, there's another player in the marketplace that's saying, "This show that hasn't been on the air for 10 years is worth that kind of money." So with Netflix still playing strong, with Amazon playing strong, with Hulu, you see all sorts of other programmers getting into the marketplace. And as long as we continue doing what is our job, which is to produce hit content, we're going to be fine, and we're going to grow a lot. Joe?
Joseph R. Ianniello: And David, for the leverage ratio, again, I think we told you for some time, again, we've been focused on changing the business model. And I think the agencies certainly have acknowledged that. So yes, there is no change really to the timing. I think again, we said completed sometime in '15. So if you kind of just look at '16, if you just look at that...
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: You can make it '15 if you want.
Joseph R. Ianniello: 5 to 7 quarters, I mean, you can kind of just roll that out. What I would just point to is that's a $6 billion program, which is 20% of our market cap within 2 years. So I'd say we're kind of putting our money where our mouth is.
Operator: And we'll go next to Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: For Les, so just -- both or whoever wants to take it. But -- and you seem really excited about some of the strategic ventures for good reasons. Could you -- can we just hone in on a couple of them? On Showtime over-the-top, there's a huge audience that doesn't get Showtime right now, and that's pretty obvious. You seem really bullish about the prospects. How will you price it -- so you don't cannibalize pay TV right now. And how will you market, who's going to sell it? And the same thing for Apple, I mean, there's a lot of speculation on pricing. You did say you got a bigger slice in a skinny bundle. Several million subs can make a huge difference to your bottom line. So can you talk about timing and maybe other -- Apple, anything you can say on pricing and others coming down the road?
Leslie Moonves: We don't want to get too specific, and I think we both can answer the question. Obviously, Showtime over-the-top -- Showtime's in about 23 million homes right now. They have a universe of over 100 million homes. And as we said, you have to get the basic cable package, then you have to check off HBO before you -- so you're already spending like $120 before you get Showtime. Now and once again, we are going to deal with our existing partners and new partners, but there is going to be an easier way to just check the box and get Showtime. We will make more money on each Showtime sub than we currently do in the existing universe. We're not going to get specific now because those numbers are continuing to be worked out. And once again, in a smaller bundle, some of you that offer 20 channels at a lower price point, we're going to be a more important part of that bundle. So whether it's Apple or Sony or anyone else, the amount of money we're getting per sub once again goes up a lot. And as you said, just a couple of million more subs in each one of these categories is a huge amount of revenue and profit for us. Joe, anything to add?
Joseph R. Ianniello: No.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then the second question is -- obviously, the success of the company over the last 5, 10 years has been to -- your enormous success in your programming. And you said you could scale up. Do you think you'll have any success this season selling outside the CBS family or you've been trying to?
Leslie Moonves: We -- look, we have shows in development out there, whether they get on, we -- I think there'll be a couple of shows on other cable networks that we don't own. I doubt there'll be other networks, but between Showtime, CBS and CW, we're producing more than 40 shows right now, including Perks [ph] Simplification. So we have quite a lot going on, and I think we will be selling to other places.
Operator: We'll go next to Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Les, I don't know if this is meant to be an increase. I'm sort of reading it as one, but you talked about $2 billion in retrans and reverse comp or more -- sorry, into 2020, if not before. Just the question is, is that an increase from your prior expectation? And if so, are you factoring in some of these new entrants or other additional distribution platforms that you weren't before? And then I have a follow-up for Joe.
Leslie Moonves: I think it's a few things. Look, put it this way: We're even more confident than before of the $2 billion. We think we're going to get beyond that. Yes, there are new entrants, as everybody knows. In addition, the price of poker has gone up. With every succeeding deal, we have said we're going to get more money, and there is now other rights that are available and other products that's available. So yes, that $2 billion, we consider to be a conservative number at this point in time.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And then, Joe, just on the Bell Media deal, I know you can't size it for us per se. But just given the way the revenue is recognized, I don't know if you could spend a minute on that, and whether sort of this business kind of has a quarterly run rate. Is it lumpy? Or do we see sort of Q2, 3, 4 the same kind of revenue we saw on Q1? How does it work just qualitatively?
Joseph R. Ianniello: I mean, just think about this as they're paying agreed-upon fees per show. They're paying for the trademark, the brand. So as we continue to produce shows, they're going to pay. So it's not kind of like a one-wonder in terms of it's only in 1 quarter. So this is a multiyear agreement that obviously, we're pretty excited about. By the way, the brand at Bell Media, this Crave TV, is called Crave TV in Canada. So we're pretty excited about it, but Ben, and really the bigger opportunity is we're saying it works in Canada. I think it can work in many other countries. It's just really what's working is the content and the brand. And so that's really given us great hope that this can be one of many.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So this isn't tied specifically to a Q1 delivery as this is more ongoing.
Joseph R. Ianniello: I mean -- and let's think about it as an output. As we're reporting on shows, there's much more in the pipeline. So Les mentioned Billions. So Billions will be on this on-demand service, and we've kind of prenegotiated what those rates are. So it gives us great visibility into the revenue -- the future revenue prospects of Showtime.
Operator: And we'll go next to Michael Morris with Guggenheim Securities.
Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple questions about All Access. I guess, first, just real briefly, would you be willing to share any information on the uptake of the product at this point or penetration of usage where it is available?
Leslie Moonves: No. We are very pleased it's exceeding expectations, as we mentioned. We have over half the country involved now, and that's just with the live feed. And we expect by the beginning of the fall season, by September, to virtually have the entire country covered with that. And once again, it's sort of the first opportunity for the affiliate body to share in our $6 rate, and they are very pleased about it by and large, and we are happy to have them promoting it and marketing it alongside us.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And Mike, it's Joe. Obviously, what really excited us is the $6 price point. The take rate on the $6 price point really gives us a lot of confidence. When we go talk to our distribution partners at selling it at a discount to that, we have proof in the marketplace that this is fair market value.
Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Joe, that's great. That was the second question I wanted to ask. Because Les mentioned, I think, that the majority of the usage is catch-up viewing, and I think -- it seems to me that maybe 2 incremental opportunities for you with traditional distributors right now are out-of-home rights and stacked viewing, which just seems like this product people are willing to pay for. So I guess that -- my question there is, on those 2 facets, how much of your current sub bases is penetrated on and you're getting paid for those 2 services? And how does that unfold over the next, I don't know, year to several years?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. We've not sold -- obviously, in-season content to any partner and nor out-of-home rights for CBS. So I think, as Les mentioned, as we look at consumption on All Access, what's driving it is national VOD. So the appetite seems to be -- traditionally, on cbs.com, we have a 7-day delay. So it seems like the consumer wants it quicker, and again, at a $6 price point, it makes it very attractive to us. So again, as we continue to roll this out, it's giving us more and more confidence in our content.
Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Do you expect your distribution deals to contemplate having broader stack rights in the near future?
Joseph R. Ianniello: We suspect the demand for out-of-home rights delivered in multiple ways is growing, and it's really being driven by the consumer because of their crazy schedules and the way they consume it. So clearly, that will be part of future negotiations, and we're happy to talk about what the value of those rights are. But clearly, we're demonstrating it with the $6 price point.
Operator: And we'll go next to Anthony DiClemente with Nomura.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Couple of questions for Les. Les, last night, on the FOX call, Chase said that viewers are not going to be captive viewers that sit through 16 minutes of advertising, that ads need to be more engaging and more interactive. You said in your prepared remarks that no ads are more effective than CBS's ads. The question is, what gives you the confidence that network TV ads are still as effective for marketers as, let's say, a YouTube TrueView ad or a Facebook auto-play ad online? And then a related question, on the Disney call, Bob Iger said that money is definitely migrated out of traditional media into new media. And when we think about some of the contributing factors to that, one of them could be that the agencies are incentivized to advise their clients to shift to digital because the margins for them are higher. I'm wondering if you think that's kind of a structural frustration for you guys and how you feel about the agency's role in this shift to digital.
Leslie Moonves: In terms of the first question, we have done extensive studies through Poltrack that shows that the consumers are much more engaged and the return on investment for the advertisers is much more effective at CBS. May I also add, our ratings are -- when you look at viewers overall, they're considerably higher than Fox, and they're in different businesses than we are, and our numbers are considerably better. And our advertising, we think, is more effective from the engagement that we have in the kind of shows that we do. Yes, there is a lot written, to Bob Iger's point, about the shifting marketplace into the digital. Obviously, we have a number of digital assets, and we are seeing a rise in those. As I said, we do not see it affecting the broader-based television advertising platform. We think, once again, it's affecting the niche cable networks much more, that it's much more effective or it can be to go digital when you're trying to do that, than reach a broad audience. So those who have more basic cable assets may be that -- like Bob does, maybe they are seeing a shift there in digital. We are not seeing the shift out of network. We're seeing scatter pricing being up, and we're looking forward to the upfront where we expect volume and pricing both could be up fairly significantly.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Given your success in the TV studio business and the impressive commentary you had about the ROI there, I guess, what is your appetite to expand that business or acquire other businesses in that area or just build upon it? Then I have a follow-up.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Look, Alexia, this is Joe. Look, we can expand that if the content -- all the elements are there. And so to produce great content, you need great script. You need writers, producers and stuff. So we can grow that organically. We don't necessarily need acquisitions to grow our studio, expand our studio. If the right opportunity is there, we're always looking at those things. However, I think just by the last year, we have demonstrated -- as we just said, this last quarter, our same studio, without an acquisition, is producing 30 more hours of original content. So we don't need to stop there.
Leslie Moonves: Plus 6 new hits, plus late night shows. Our studio is very proactive, and by that, you don't necessarily have to acquire companies. You acquire talent like Colbert and Corden, and you bring them into your home. You acquired talent like Nick Santora [ph] who created Scorpion. And that's what we do, and that's what we've done for many years, and that's how we expand our content business.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then just following up on your comments on over-the-top. And when you consider -- when you're considering CBS's participations on these over-the-top offerings which you have, I guess, how much of the advertising model or the advertising potential even a consideration -- or is really just all about the incremental sub fees at this point?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Well, look, the advertising is still 50% of our business. So it's definitely still important; it's part of our conversation. I think when you see us do deals with partners, we disable fast-forward in our deals, so it's clearly an important part of our mix. But again, obviously, we're looking at the overall business model and how it's transforming. And again, we want to price our content right.
Operator: And we'll go next to Doug Mitchelson with UBS.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So Chase Carey yesterday indicated -- they were thinking that broadcast networks need to control more of the rights or all the rights of their shows. And that contrasted to me with your comments, Les...
Leslie Moonves: Doug, could you speak louder, please? We're having trouble hearing you.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Can you hear me now?
Joseph R. Ianniello: A little bit.
Leslie Moonves: A little better.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: All right. So look, Chase Carey yesterday indicated, they think broadcast networks need to control most or all the rights of their shows going forward. And that contrasted to me with your comments, Les, around the fact that you sell shows multiple times, which has obviously been the nature of the business on the TV programming side so far. So when you think about CBS All Access and the value proposition it offers and you mentioned catch-up viewing driving that business, it would seem to make sense that you start to have stacking rights and SVOD rights built into CBS All Access. Do you see a world where rather than selling shows and slicing and dicing them in multiple ways, you just run the power of those TV shows through your own distribution, trying to capture full value?
Leslie Moonves: The marketplace is evolving so rapidly. Look, we are slicing and dicing and then putting on different platforms, and some of those platforms may be looked on as potential competitors. And as CBS All Access grows, that may be the sole place where we stack those shows and where we put those shows. But at the moment, every show that we have, we treat it as entirely different property and sell it in a very different way and have a real strategy to most effectively sell that. As soon as All Access hits 20 million subs, then we may look at the world a little bit differently.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: That's fair. And then on the upfront, your comments about significant increases in the volume and price, I know you're not going to give us a number, but does that -- should that suggest to all of us that you expect the upfront to perhaps do better than some of the prognosticators have expected? Or are you just talking about your specific market position?
Leslie Moonves: Put it this way -- and there are clear -- there are certain networks that have done very well this year and certain networks that haven't done so well. I'm not going to go into great detail, but you could figure that out yourselves. So we are up, and we expect it to be a good marketplace.
Operator: And we'll go next to David Miller with Topeka Capital Markets.
David W. Miller - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Les, as you gear up for the upfront coming up here, we're hearing from some of our media buyer sources that the currency this year in broadcast will be sort of 1 of 2 different kind of sub-currencies: live ratings and C7. And it just feels like -- correct me if you think I'm wrong, it just feels like C3 is getting sort of pushed under the rug, kind of going by the wayside in terms of overall importance. Do you believe that? Or do you agree with that? And one thing in your negotiations is why do you want to favor C7 anyway just because of the strength of your Monday and Tuesday night schedule, which clearly everyone watches on DVR over the weekends?
Leslie Moonves: Well, thank you, David. Look, the DVR numbers are going up in leaps and bounds. You take a show like Elementary which -- where you're adding a C7 number, it basically goes up by 50%. So I made this statement which I think is more true than ever: Overnight ratings are virtually useless unless you just want to feel good in the morning or feel bad, depending on what network you have. So C7, definitely, we expect it to overwhelm C3 in the coming upfront, we hope so, we think it's more appropriate. And judging from the feedback we're getting from a lot more advertising agencies, we think that will be the currency. Obviously, some of the live programming like sports and live events, that currency becomes much more important. So we are capable of selling it both ways, but our scripted programming, most specifically our scripted dramas and more than anything else -- and the comedies as well, that extra 7 days means a great deal.
Operator: And we'll go next to John Janedis with Jefferies.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Les, you started the call talking about changing consumer habits. With the emergence of your apps and technology broadly, I was hoping you could talk more about your views on mobile platforms. Some of the concern in the market is the challenge in monetizing mobile usage at all or the big discount to the traditional platforms. So what line of sight do you have on improved monetization on the platform that's meaning mobile?
Leslie Moonves: I'm going to let Joe deal with that.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, sure. Look, it's definitely consumer. So as the consumer wants to consume the content on a mobile device, that's what's really driving that. What we're going to do is we're going to make sure we cut deals that make sense for us to have the content where the consumer wants it. So as Les said at the outset, it's our job is to produce the best content and again -- and market it and get it in front of the consumers in a business model that's better than where we sit today. And I think every indication, from a technological standpoint or a consumer habit standpoint, basically proves that out.
Operator: And we'll go next to Jason Bazinet with Citi.
Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just one for Mr. Moonves. I understand why everyone is very excited about Showtime over-the-top and CBS All Access. But at the same time, I'm struck by Netflix's market cap and how excited people are about -- to sort of their broader international push. Is there a holistic strategy that you all have to sort of take all of your content and do something broader globally, as opposed to sort of the narrow initiatives that we're all talking about that people are justifiably excited about? Is there something bigger?
Leslie Moonves: You know what, it's a very good question, Jason. I guess, eventually, that will be part of what we do. Remember, when Netflix started, I don't think they had this great international game plan. When they achieved such great subscriber success here in the U.S. with the product, and obviously, the model was working, everybody was supportive of it -- but right now, All Access is about 6 months old, Showtime OTT is going to be launched in a few months. We hope they achieve such a high level of success that we do push them internationally. Look, we are in control of this content. That's the big change in the world. So we control over 80% of the shows that are on CBS at a similar percentage on Showtime. So now we can move from market to market, like we did in Canada with Showtime, territory to territory, and we can have a bigger global footprint with exactly what you're talking about.
Operator: And we'll go next to Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan D. Kraft - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Had a question for Les and one for Joe. Les, I know you shared your thoughts on the upfront already, but can you comment on the current scatter market pricing market and volume trends you're seeing? And Joe, on the leverage target raise, is the idea here that you'll use the additional flexibility to buy back more shares? Or is this dry powder for an opportunistic investment or transaction? And I guess, further on that front, how married are you to the new leverage target range in the short term? I mean, would you lever up higher temporarily if an opportunistic transaction were to present itself?
Leslie Moonves: Bryan, the scatter market is very strong. It's up double digits right now. As I said earlier, we're really pleased -- normally, at this time of the year, we have lot more repeats than we do, but we've got a much larger percentage of original programming, and our schedule remains very strong. So we're very pleased with what we're seeing, and that demand has increased since the beginning of the year. Now -- and as I said, we're heading into the upfront at a very good time where we're feeling very strong about the marketplace.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And Brian, on the leverage ratio, obviously, we are increasing our financial flexibility there that's why we felt comfortable increasing it. Basically, we're going to use that financial flexibility, first and foremost, to reinvest in our business. I think that's key. We do not see any acquisition out there of any significance for that. And then the excess capital is always -- we're going to focus on returning value to shareholders. And our primary method right now is obviously returning value via stock buyback given where the stock is and all these initiatives that you just heard on the call. So we're pretty optimistic about our future earnings potential. So we think it's a good buy. So like I said earlier, we're kind of putting our money where our mouth is, and we're going to continue to do that.
Operator: And we'll go next to Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I have 2. And I guess, hypothetically, when you're discussing the over-the-top products within Apple or Sony, and they want to do the linear feed, how do the station groups fall into this? Is this something where you would negotiate on behalf of the entire affiliate body and then figure out what their cut is? That's my first question. And then my second question is, I know radio is small, but the trades are going to pick up the 7% decline. Is there a core number you can give if you were to exclude the radio stations that were swapped last year?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. Marci, it's Joe. As far as the OTT, obviously, as we roll those out, we can do that in different ways. I think the affiliates could go and try to negotiate those one-off and pay us for the content for those rights, or we do it globally, and they get a piece of that. I think again, it's 6 to 1, half dozen or the other, whichever way, CBS is going to get its fair share of the value of that. So -- and like I said, on the over-the-top service that we have today, most of the viewership is the video-on-demand product the next day so -- which again, we own 100% of. So I think that's going to continue to roll out across the country, and we're pretty excited about that. As Les said, we're clearing the live linear piece by the end of the year in most of the country. So that's speaks for itself, and again, the affiliates are participating in this. This is a partnership that they will participate, but we do own the intellectual property of that content. As far as radio, look, obviously, it's much smaller than the 7. I think again, I don't know how you quantify the impact on the weather and stuff when you strip that out to get to a pure underlying, but I think again, we tried to give you some color about the second quarter. We think that's more indicative of the current marketplace, of what it is, and we have high expectations for our new President.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you, Marci, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. This concludes today's call. Have a good evening.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-12 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Adam Townsend - EVP, IR Sumner Redstone - Executive Chairman Les Moonves - President and CEO Joe Ianniello - COO
Analysts: Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch David Bank - RBC Capital Markets Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities David Miller - Topeka Capital Market Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities Doug Mitchelson - UBS John Janedis - Jefferies Laura Martin - Needham & Company Jim Goss - Barrington Research Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the CBS Corporation Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Release Teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead, sir.
Adam Townsend: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2014 earnings call. Listening on the phone is Sumner Redstone, our Executive Chairman and joining us for today's remarks are Leslie Moonves, President and CEO; Joe Ianniello, Chief Operating Officer. Les and Joe will discuss the strategic and financial results of the company and then we will then open it up to questions. Please note that during today's conference call, the full year results are discussed on an adjusted basis and fourth quarter 2013 results are compared to adjusted unless otherwise specified. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found on our earnings release or on our website. Also statements on this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, which involves risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's news releases and securities filings. A webcast of this call and earnings release related to today's presentation can be found on the Investors section of our website at cbscorporation.com. With that, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Les.
Les Moonves: Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us. I'd like to start by saying, how saddened we are, by the sudden passing of Bob Simon, an important member of the CBS News family and the entire CBS organization. Our thoughts with his family as we continue to remember and celebrate his amazing legacy of courage and professionalism. Now we will turn to the task at hand reporting our fourth quarter earnings to you. It is been an excellent quarter and an excellent year. We are very pleased to tell you that CBS kept off 2014 with another record quarter. Revenue of $3.7 billion was up 3% and was our best performance of the year and EPS of $0.77 was up 8%. We've now grown EPS for 20 consecutive quarter, that's five straight years of consistent increases. As we look ahead to 2015 and into 2016, we see terrific opportunities coming our way. Yes, retransmission consent and reverse compensation continue to grow rapidly and yes, since the end of last year the pacing of broadcast advertising has been building week in and week out, but in addition to that, digital distribution service are allowing us to build new and younger audiences all of which we are beginning to monetize. This is happening in the US and it's happening overseas. New market places for companies that create the best content are opening up like never before. Here are just a few recent developments. First we are coming off the year, which we launched five new owned hit across CBS, the CBW and Showtime this will result in yet another wave of monetization opportunities down the road. Next we began a new significant long-term deal with Bell Media in Canada that introduces Showtime as a standalone service outside of the US for the very first time. We are confident this agreement will lead to a new wave of international licensing revenue for our cable segment. In addition, our new streaming services CBS All Access and CBSN have both exceeded our expectations representing additives ways for us to get paid for our existing content. At the same time, out-of-home rights have become more valuable and are now being negotiated with our MVPD partners. Plus, we're just beginning to license the domestic screening rights, for our non-serialized current hit shows like CSI. These new deals represent an extension of our evolving strategy in terms of how we monetize our content. We have hundreds and hundreds of episodes ready to go. So you can imagine, how lucrative this will be. Each of these new developments that I just mentioned, demonstrates the power of owning and creating the best premium content. This is our focus and it will remain so, as we do this returning value to our shareholders is also a top priority. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased $800 million of our stock, which is double what we did in the third quarter and here in the first quarter, we will repurchase $1 billion worth of stock, taking advantage of what we see as a very attractive share price. So that's $1.8 billion of share repurchases in six months. Clearly our commitment to our shareholders is stronger than ever. Now I'm going to give you some highlights about each of our business segment starting with entertainment and then I'll turn it over to Joe to tell you more about our performance, before we take our questions. Once again and you're right, I never get tired of saying this, the CBS Television Network is the most watched network in America and now by more than 2 million viewers per week. In fact, this May we will end the season as the number one network in viewers and 25 to 54 and despite not having the Super Bowl this year, we are very much in the running for the 18 to 49 crown as well. With 15 of the top 20 scripted series. The ones that really matter in syndication. CBS's total is three times all of the other networks combined. Something else that often gets overlooked or misreported is that we have a very balanced schedule of new and established hits. Consider this, off the 15 series in the top 20 that I just mentioned, six have been on the air 3 years or less, five have been on between 4 years and 6 years and four have been on 7 years or more representing some of the most valuable content franchises we own because of that stability of our schedule, we're able to use established hits to launch new content franchises. We put Madam Secretary on between 60 minutes and The Good Wife and hit a home run. We used the number one series NCIS, as they're leading for the new NCIS: New Orleans and it's become televisions number one new series and the most watched freshmen drama or comedy in 10 years. And with Thursday Night Football in our schedule, we were able to move the number one comedy, Big Bang Theory from Thursdays to Mondays of the start of the season, which provided a terrific leading to launch the very successful Scorpion. All three of these new series are top 10 scripted shows and we own 100% of each of them, there is more to come. Next month, we'll be launching our latest CSI Spinoff, CSI: Cyber, starring Golden Globes winner and Academy Award nominee, Patricia Arquette. CSI: Cyber explores the world of internet crime, which is one of most relevant topics out there, right now. Then in May, we'll announce a new schedule that we'll once again build off our number one line up and reload our content pipeline. There won't be a lot of turnover on our schedule, but the new shows we do open will be in protected time period once again giving them an excellent chances at success just as we did last year. Plus this year, we will launch the Late Late show with James Corden in March and the Late Show with Steven Colbert in September. We will own these shows for the first time, which will allow us to monetize late night in all sorts of new ways on a variety of emerging platforms. We will also have the return of Thursday Night Football , which means next year we will have the most powerful NFL schedule anyone has ever had culminating with CBS Broadcast of Super Bowl 50, by the way I'd like to congratulate NBC on achieving the highest rated TV event in history with Super Bowl 49. It's certainly won't hurt our sales for next year, $5 million to $6 million for a 30-second spot sounds pretty good to me. Meanwhile, our advertising picture is being helped by a broadcast marketplace that is been steadily improving week after week since the end of the first quarter. Given that, we're the number one network and that broadcast content has been strong overall, we're not quite seeing the same headwinds as base the cable. As we approach the upfront, the timing of this couldn't be better. I'm not making any predictions because we're just in February, but I feel very confident that we will once again lead the marketplace in pricing and volume and we will also see more advances towards the currency that better represents how people are watching our shows. This means, that the C7 deals will be the most common currency and there will also be deals that are longer than C7. It means the beginning of significant revenue from dynamic ad insertion. The fact is, we're making it easier and easier for viewers to watch our shows on their own timetable and it's paying off. On Monday, we announced that in the most recent week available Elementary added more viewers in 7-day playback than any other show on television. It went from 8 million viewers live to nearly 13 million viewers, when all 7 days were counted. That's about 4.5 million incremental viewers representing a lot of revenue. By the way, six of the top 10 shows that benefited the most from 7-day playback were on CBS. We're constantly finding new ways to offer this delayed viewers to advertisers and as we do, we should see tremendous upside ahead. Technology is also helping our base business in streaming, whereas I mention, we struck a significant deal to license CSI, into domestic SVOD for the first time. Those of you, who have followed us, know that we have taken a strategically conservative approach to streaming past seasons of current shows. Well, we're seeing more and more that streaming the right shows brings new audiences into the mix and then brings those viewers to the screen for the latest episodes and those viewers are often younger and more affluent because our library of current hits is so extensive, we have a lot of upside here. CSI is already a multibillion franchise and new screening deals will only add to that. Going forward, we have the whole NCIS catalogue in our arsenal as well to sell and discussions are already underway to license that show later this year. We are also reaching a new audience for our existing program, through our OTT streaming service CBS All Access. The average age of All Access viewers is considerably younger than network television and as I said, subscription is selling faster than we projected including the biggest surge of signups we've had yet surrounding the Grammies, this past Sunday. With lots of live events on CBS schedule throughout the year and access to more in seasoned CBS Shows than anywhere else, we will continue to grow subs in the quarter ahead. Plus All Access is facilitating new discussions and our retrans and reverse comp negotiations. This includes MVPD's who are increasingly seeking out-of-home rights from us. It also includes discussions that are well underway with our affiliates who are looking to join our O&O's and take part in this additional revenue stream from All Access. Our online news services, CBSN is off to a terrific start as well and there have been some very interesting developments. First while the service is popular on mobile and desktop platform, its largest viewership comes from internet connected TVs such as Roku, where CBSN has been the number one news outlet. We are seeing the most viewers doing breaking news events, which has led to three times as many people watching the live stream versus On Demand overall CBS N is in its early stages but we are very confident we've created a vital new companion to our network news operations at virtually, cost. Before we move to cable, I want to note the CW, is also having a great season is growing from last year in every single one of the demographics. We are especially proud that Jane the Virgin, received Golden Globe nominations for Best Comedy and Best Actress in a Comedy. This CW's first Golden Globe nominations ever. This was followed by the show star, Gina Rodriguez going onto to win the award for best actress in a comedy. That same night, the Golden Globe for Best Actress in the Drama Series and the Best Drama Series went to The Affair on Showtime another one of the own hits that we launched last year. Just as we've done it, the CBS Television we are driving our show time results by adding more owned original programming and monetizing it across platforms. The most significant deal in this regard is our new agreement with Bell Media one of the biggest media companies in Canada, the licensed Showtime. We sold individual Showtime series internationally many times before, but this is the first time the entire Showtime brand is being monetized in this way. And while the deal is financially important in its own right, what's really is encouraging is what is represents going forward. It shows our ability to monetize Showtime as a full network service in many other markets overseas. By the way, the reason we have been able to develop this new revenue stream is because we now own virtually our entire Showtime schedule. In publishing, we are also pleased with the hits that Simon & Schuster is creating. During the quarter, the novel, All the Light We Cannot See by Anthony Doerr was on more best of 2014 list than any other book. Thanks to these end of year accolades sales past 1 million copies in 2014 and have provided a boost here in the first quarter. In addition, following the success of CBS and Simon & Schuster's collaboration on Under the Dome we are now looking forward to the Dovekeepers in April, this CBS mini-series will be based Alice Hoffman's novel and once again, we own it 100%. In our local broadcasting segment, we are able to achieve strong growth with the help of political spending. This was particularly true, at our TV stations which also benefited from healthy gains in NFL sales and retrans. Looking ahead, the 2016 Presidential Election is right around the corner and thank god, The Ranker has already begun. Radio continues also to be profitable. Along with our TV stations, our local segment turned in a 40% margin for the company and we continue to build new audiences in radio by extending our big market content into the digital world. For example, last month we launched the podcasting platform called Play.it. This new platform features content from CBS Radio personality, CBS News, CBS Sports, Simon & Schuster and even outside partners. Plus, we built an ad network that allows sponsor to buy across multiple podcast. So from network to cable television to first-run syndication. From publishing to our local business and certainly at CBS Interactive, we are constantly monetizing our content in new ways that are benefiting our shareholders. Quarter after quarter, year-after-year we've seen how this high margin revenue streams can boost the solid performance of our based resistance and the good news is, that technological innovation continues to work in our favour. This includes the advents of the Over the Top services, the explosion of digital distribution internationally and the new ways we are just beginning to profit from advertising on delayed viewing platforms. In addition, CBS has never been in a stronger position than we are right now, as we progress towards $2 billion in retrans and reverse comp revenue. From Verizon to Time Warner cable to Cox to Dish, to all of our affiliate deals. We have proven time and time again that distributors can't live without CBS. This true for large bundles and small and we don't need any other assets to get these deals done on the best possible terms. The power of our own content drives our success both in negotiations and from an operating perspective as well. So there is no company in a better position to gain from the dynamic shifting market place than CBS and as we do, we remain focused on investing in the best content, controlling cost, enhancing our extremely strong financial position and returning value to our shareholders and with that, I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joe Ianniello: Thanks, Les and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'm going to give some more details about our fourth quarter results and discuss what we see ahead in Q1, but first I'd like to talk a little more generally about our financial performance and strategy. We grew revenue and EPS in the fourth quarter even as we continue to invest in the future of our company as a content machine. In fact, Q4 was our best ever fourth quarter for EPS. Despite foreign exchange losses that amounted to $0.03 per share and full year EPS also hit a new high and was our fifth straight year of steady increases. It's a true testament to the way, we are executing on our strategy of owning premium content and monetizing around the world on a growing array of platforms. As less said, we've recently created five new hits series across our television and cable network. Meanwhile, technology is evolving in such a way that we are selling our own hits more effectively than ever. New players are constantly coming in to the mix, both domestically and around the world and they're bringing more opportunities our way. In fact, during 2014 we generated more international SVOD revenue by selling to local streaming providers in overseas markets than we did from the two biggest US based SVOD players combined. So the cycle for our must have content will continue which in turn will drive our results in the years ahead. At the same time, we are returning value to shareholders like never before. As you've heard we repurchased $800 million of our stock in the fourth quarter and we're on track to spend another $1 billion on share buybacks here in Q1. Just to give you some perspective over the last two years, we've retired 151 million shares of our stock, which includes 106 million shares that we repurchased for $5.8 billion in cash and another 45 million that we retired in connection with the outdoor split off, that represents 24% of our share base and we still have the way to go. Once we hit the $1 billion in share buybacks in Q1. We'll have $3.8 billion still remaining on our current authorized program and you can be sure that we will continue to be very aggressive and opportunistic in our buybacks going forward. Now, let me get into some more detail about our fourth quarter results. Revenue was up 3% to $3.7 billion during the quarter. Advertising grew 4% driven by Thursday Night Football and political spending at our local stations and network advertising was up 2%. Affiliate and subscription fees grew 11% demonstrating the continue impact of our new retrans and reverse comp deals as well as further growth in our cable network. Content licensing and distribution was down 3%, as you know this revenue stream can fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter depending on when shows are made available. On a full year basis, content licensing and distribution came in at $4 billion matching a very strong year in 2013. OIBDA was down $30 million to $778 million during the quarter because of our higher investment in programming primarily for sports rights and EPS was up 8% to $0.77. As I mentioned, we were able to achieve this despite the FX headwinds during the quarter and for the full year, EPS was up 6% to an all-time high of $2.96. Now let's turn to our operating segment. Entertainment revenue in the fourth quarter grew 2% to $2.3 billion. Driven by increases in ad spending particularly from Thursday Night Football as well as higher affiliate and subscription fee revenue. Entertainment OIBDA declined to $287 million during the quarter again due to our higher investment in sport rights. In Cable fourth quarter revenue up $499 million was up 5%. The increase demonstrates the continued success of our strategy of owning more Showtime original series, which is leading higher licensing fees and increases in rates from affiliates. At the same time, the international appetite for Showtime branded content is a growing opportunity. As evidenced by our new deal in Canada. Cable OIBDA of $247 million was up 24% and our Cable OIBDA margin expanded 8 points to 49% a direct result of the growth of our high margin syndication revenue, as I before we look at our margins on a 12-month basis, so for the year our Cable OIBDA margin expanded more than 2 points to a very strong 46%. Turning to publishing, fourth quarter revenue came in at $215 million down $10 million from 2013, when we had several strong Duck Dynasty titles. In addition to All the Light We Cannot See, best-selling titles for this year's fourth quarter include Revival by Steven King and MONEY, Master the Game, by Tony Robbins. Publishing OIBDA was $27 million also down $10 million from 2013 and for the year, our publishing OIBDA margin was a steady 14%. In local broadcasting fourth quarter revenue was 9% to $785 million. The increase was driven by top higher advertising from political and Thursday Night Football as well as growth in retrans. TV stations were up 15% and radio was up 2%, other strong advertising categories during the quarter included travelling leisure for TV and order when healthcare for radio. Local broadcasting OIBDA grew 19% to $313 million and the OIBDA margins expanded 3 points to 40%. Turning to free cash flow in our balance sheet, free cash flow came in at $880 million compared to $280 million in Q4, 2013. A result of the timing of payment for our new NFL contracts, which we made earlier in the year. We ended 2014 with $428 million of cash on hand and as of December 31, our gross debt-to-OIBDA ratio was just under 2.2 times. As we've said before, we are comfortable raising our target ratio to 2.5 times. Also in January, we issued $1.2 billion in senior notes and we used the majority of these proceeds for stock repurchases here in Q1. Now let me tell you, what we see ahead in the first quarter. Network advertising continues to build off of Q4 levels and scatter pricing is up high single digits over the upfront. TV stations are pacing to be up low single digits in particular we're seeing strength from the healthcare category as well as our big event programming including the Grammy's, the Academy of Country Music Awards and the NCWA Men's Basketball Championships. Meanwhile, radio is also patient to up low single digits. Retrans and reverse comp will continue to ramp up, we have about 17% of our TV stations footprint set to expire later this year and 20% on the reverse comp side. This 20% is in addition to the 25% of our affiliate footprint that we just reset at the end of 2014. Every new deal we do, raises the watermark to a higher level and we look forward to continuing to obtain fair market value for our content as we work towards our goal of achieving or exceeding $2 billion in annual revenue by 2020. At the same time, we will remain vigilant on all cost as we always do. On a side note, now that we no longer have the outdoor advertising business in our portfolio. The GAAP between the run rate of capital spending and depreciation expense has narrowed significantly. So starting in the first quarter of 2015, we will be using operating income as a key metric instead of OIBDA for both our business segments and our company as a whole. So in summary, the media landscape continues to change in new and exciting ways, but one constant holds true. Our strategy of creating and owning of premium must have content will always come out on top. From the CBS Television Network to the CW, to first-run syndication to Showtime, we are producing critically acclaimed and highly rated programming that's in great demand around the world. This leading to an increasing number of new growth opportunities, many of which we are just beginning to realize. So we feel very good about the direction we are headed and we look forward to talking to you all on our next call. So with that, Gwen, lets open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] we will go first to Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley
Ben Swinburne: I've two questions. Les, can you talk about the Dish renewals, whether you're able to set another high watermark and if you got paid for the out-of-home rights and what's your perspective on the PSS outlook? Since I know you feel very confident in CBS position in sort of the new digital environment we are working towards and then I have a follow-up?
Les Moonves: The Dish deal, we don't go into detail about it, but as we've said every deal that we've made is higher than the next deal. We are very happy without the deal ended up, we are sorry we had to go dark for half hour, during that negotiations, but we were very pleased and the out-of-home rights, there is a path to negotiate for them. There is an opening to do it, it's not completed yet and as you all know and every one of these MVPD deals that we do, the out-of-home rights is sort of separate negotiation and as Charlie goes ahead with some of his OTT offerings, there is a path for us to discuss something they have not been done, so far. Regarding the spectrum obviously it's something that we are looking at and we are interested in it.
Ben Swinburne: Yes, that was my follow-up which is on the broadcast incentive auction, now that we've had these big numbers out AWS 3, how are you thinking about potentially looking at that as an opportunity for you guys it seems like it could be a $2 billion opportunity potentially?
Joe Ianniello: Yes, Ben its Joe. I'll take that, look obviously we kept a close eye on the AWS 3 auction that they had and last week, I'm sure you and others saw the updated Greenhill report. So we have lot of stations in our group, if we just looked at the four independence these are the non-CBS or the CW's. We have one in New York, LA, Dallas and Boston. If I just looked at those median values, not the maximum value in that Greenhill report. I mean that totals $2 billion for those four market. So obviously this is a hidden asset within our portfolio. We are looking at it closely. I mean, the financial term I would get it to think about it as a free call option. So we are studying it and we'll as we learn more about the auction and the process, we'll evolve our strategy.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Jessica Reif Cohen: I've question for, Les. You know with all the major changes that have gone in this industry, there could be some interesting combination for CBS and certainly there is been tons of speculation about what may or may not happen with the company, could you give us your thoughts on how CBS may or may not participate in consolidation?
Les Moonves: Yes, thanks Jessica. Look obviously there is been a ton of noise out there on CNBC and various magazines and newspapers. Our company right now is so strong, some of those who suggest the combination, say I'll give you more clout as the distributors potentially come together. We think we have quite a bit of clout, you know in every negotiation that we've done, be it, Time Warner Cable or Dish or whatever, when you walk in the door with the NFL, with the number one comedy in Big Bang, the number one drama, NCIS, the NCAA Basketball Tournament, we feel pretty good about ourselves as a company. There is a lot of noise and people say, oh! This and that some of it, with mistaken facts frankly. Look, at the end of the day, our board of directors is only going to do, what's good for the shareholder. In other words, we're - we feel good about ourselves. We think our stock price is going to go up considerably over the next few years obviously and the next few months and we're going to take all that into consideration and as we go forward, but as I said we're feeling pretty strong about ourselves and don't need any partners.
Jessica Reif Cohen: Fine. Just a completely separate question, but have you as you know HBO said their OTT service is coming later on the year, have you, can you give us any thoughts on how you're thinking about Showtime?
Les Moonves: Yes, we're obviously looking it at Showtime and the potential for that and there are various permutations that we are working at and we'll probably share as many details with you as HBO did, which is not many at all.
Jessica Reif Cohen: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to David Bank with RBC Capital Markets
David Bank: Couple of sort of penetration question here. Your cable network kind of extraordinary margins way beyond what we were thinking. Can you give us some colour, with respect to the key drivers, was it the deal in Canada, was it a particular content syndication deal, if so, what shows? And as follow-up to your comments on the CSI stuff, Les, what platform did you sell it into and what's the recognition of revenue timing, with they're like 300 episodes of this thing, even with third cycle type pricing. These are some, should be some pretty big numbers. So can you give as a little more colour around it? Thanks.
Joe Ianniello: David, Joe. I'll take the first one for the cable. What's driving that obviously is timing of theoretical releases quarter-over-quarter. So obviously we have benefitted from that and you're also seeing the benefit of owning more shows and so yes, I mean every deal we do internationally and domestically certainly again underscores the value of owning content, so we definitely benefitted from that, but I think again that's why we always say look at the margin on a full year basis and I steer you to the 46% margin as oppose to the 49% margin.
Les Moonves: Yes, David regarding CSI. We haven't yet announced it, there is a deal in place. It will be announced in not too distant future. You're right, it is north of 300 episodes. So the good news is, as we look towards the future that will be accounted. In addition, we have not yet sold NCIS into streaming, that's also hundreds and hundreds of lucrative episodes. So the future for these two franchises which have not yet been introduced into the streaming world, is going to be pretty tremendous throughout the rest of 2015 and beyond. So we are very excited about it and stay tuned for information in the not too distant future.
David Bank: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Michael Morris with Guggenheim Securities
Michael Morris: Couple questions. First, our network ads Joe you mentioned scatter up high single-digit versus the upfront in the first quarter. Can you talk a little bit whether based on what you can see now, whether you think that will lead to growth, at the network in the first quarter or what the kind of swing factors could be there that you're looking at? And then second of all, on the All Access product, I think that your NFL content is the biggest, most notable that's not on that. Where are you in the process of making that available on the product? And based on the rights that you have with the NFL does it matter whether the product is your own standalone over the top or whether it's a partnership through an MVPD similar to the Sling product, whether or not you can make it available. Thanks.
Les Moonves: Yes, I'll answer the NFL question and let Joe answer the other question. Obviously, NFL is not part of the All Access package. We are talking about, what potential content we can use and obviously with the NFL, we have a relationship with Thursdays and Sundays, so it will be an ongoing situation. Right now, our situation with All Access is obviously it all goes to us. As we negotiate with our affiliates. A piece of that will go to them, which will obviously expand the use of it and I imagine discussion would be, if there was any other platform that became part of it, there would be a potential share on that, but at the moment, that is not part of the game.
Joe Ianniello: Hi, Mike. It's Joe. On the network scatter, so yes scatter again, pricing up high single digits. I mean, we'll see where we end, the quarter. What I'll just tell you, did we expect it to grow? The answers is, yes, we do have one less Playoff game in Q1 of 2015 for the NFL under the new contract and it kind of rotates, we'll get it back in 2016, so it goes in and out. So that's the only kind of really big true comp on a national basis, that will affect the underlying advertising growth rate, but we do expect it to grow.
Michael Morris: Just last to be clear, your ability to show the NFL content on a non-traditional product, is there a difference whether it's a CBS driven product like your All Access versus let's say a product like the Sling over the top service, if your major content available through something like Sling because this is an MVPD would your rights allow you to show that, NFL content?
Joe Ianniello: Mike, its Joe. Let me just give you the detail to that one. The answer is, yes. Like in the Sony OTT deal or in a Dish OTT offering. The NFL is part of the CBS offering that we negotiate with those carriers and we do have those rights, this is slightly different and that's why, Les said those negotiations are ongoing.
Michael Morris: Great, thanks lot guys.
Operator: And we'll go next to David Miller with Topeka Capital Market
David Miller: Les, I'm just curious about what your vision is, say 2 years, 3 years, 5 years down the road for the production studio, the actual CBS TV production studio. I believe you said, 90 days ago or so that you finally sold a show a third party network. So, I mean are you guys taking sort of a game theory approach to this, where say 2 years, 3 years, 4 years down the road, you have kind of like one-third series you buy from other parties, one-third series you manufacture if you will and sell to other parties and then the other third you kind of keep for yourselves or is not that neat and clean? What's in your head with regard to that, CBS Production Studio?
Les Moonves: Yes, it is not that neat and clean. Obviously, in terms of the CBS Television Network, we do have very successful shows from outside studios and we will continue to do that, Big Bang Theory is a Warner Brothers show and it's making us a lot of money and making Warner Brothers a lot of money and that will always be the case, where there is room for top talent at other studios. By the same token, our production load as we mentioned. With CBS, the CW Showtime first-run syndication we're producing north of 30 shows that we own. At this point in time, we have development all over the place with other broadcast networks, with other cable networks and with MVPD's. So our attitude basically is, we're going to be in business with everybody. Ownership becomes more and more important back-end is becoming as important as the front end. So when we look down the road as we mentioned, owning these five shows is going to pay for many, many years to come.
David Miller: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: And we'll go next to Alexia Quadrani with JP Morgan
Alexia Quadrani: I'm sort of on the same line, so the question of content on the timing for content sales. Maybe its rule, it's down 4 years to 5 years out, you're going to syndication, you've got some great shows, obviously they're very young as you mentioned. I guess how should we think about the content sale pipeline for the maybe 6-year or 17 now that these shows are getting sold in this syndication and on much shorter timeframe, and then I'll follow-up, thanks.
Joe Ianniello: Alexia, it's Joe. Here's what we can about that, that's why we always say you know the timing of that you can fluctuate, but I think the true test, if you look at the pipeline and you just said there is more we're constantly reloading it, but I'm going to go through a quick list of shows that haven't gone through syndication yet, so whether it goes 16, 17, 15 you know Elementary, Madam Secretary, Scorpion, NCIS: New Orleans, Beauty and the Beast, Jane the Virgin, Rain, The Affair, Penny Dreadful, Ray Donovan, Masters of Sex, House of Lies, Nurse Jackie. So you see kind of my point, is that we have bunch of stuff that we are producing that hasn't begun to go through the revenue cycle yet.
Alexia Quadrani: Okay that is very helpful and then also a follow-up on your commentary about the very strong demand for international SVOD, I think in 2014 I guess the question is, will that grow year-over-year in 2015 and I guess, SVOD in general both domestic and international just total, SVOD, you'd see those revenues up in 2015.
Joe Ianniello: Yes, again internationally again is I think why we gave that data point, we really found it really telling in that, we focused obviously most of our time in the US opportunity, but when we look abroad the number, that the completion that's there from existing players in new entrants with again, since we own this content, it really opens up whole new marketplace for us that we're really just beginning to tap. So I think, we certainly expect, our international guides know their budget, so they're certainly for significantly more revenue than they generated in 2014.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Anthony DiClemente with Nomura
Anthony DiClemente: I've one for Joe and one for, Les. Joe on the increases that you guys are seeing on retrans and the retrans renewals. As we look out to the first quarter, 2015 in 2015 I would think that the OIBDA dollars from the retrans growth would be more incremental to the model, as oppose to 2014, where lot of that incremental growth was subsumed by or more than subsumed by the program it cost, a uplift from sports and the NFL, so are we thinking about that correctly, am I thinking about that correctly or are there other offsets within the entertainment segment in 2015, perhaps in the licensing side that you would call out that could observe upside from those retrans growth dollars.
Joe Ianniello: No, I think Anthony, let me just stop you there. I think, yes that's true. I think obviously we had a step up in our new NFL contract as well as Thursday Night Football, so that's kind of a new base, when if you're comparing 2014 versus 2015 and obviously all the incremental retrans dollar's fall to the bottom line. So that's how we manage the cash flow and I would say again, later this year we have two more deals with pretty big MVPD's and we expect to be successful with that and that will build into 2016. And on the reverse comp side, is really again be bigger growth rate because again just from the timing of when those deals expire. So as we look through 2015, 2016 and even into 2017 that continues to ramp. So we're clearly not, at the full run rate. I mean, we gave you $2 billion in 20, we gave you a $1 billion by 17, so you can understand the track, we're on of growth.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks and just one for Les, if I may, Les?
Les Moonves: Yes.
Anthony DiClemente: When you look out there at ad demand and the ad demand landscape a competition for ad budgets and you look at what Facebook is doing, you know they're dramatically growing the amount of video on the platform, they're merging it with targeting the ability to buy impressions using reaching frequency, those are things that Jo Ann Ross and your ad sell team, already do that. You know they're making a pitch to advertisers that the ROI of digital is superior to the ROI of broadcast TV and so I just wonder, what are you and your ad sells team doing to talk to ad buyers, to talk to agencies to play decent here?
Les Moonves: You know, what number one let me state that, we are in the digital business in a very, very big way as well. So the increase to the digital advertising also affect us and once again, the network group and the digital group are working very closely together, so these increases that Facebook is talking about in terms of video digital, we are getting the benefit of that. You know and I think what they have said is, they are taking away from television, not necessarily from broadcast and there is the big distinction that needs to be made, broadcasting is the big tent. We are not competing directly with digital. I think some of what you're hearing is the noise, is about basic cable. The smaller basic cable or the more niche basic cable networks are competing for those digital ad dollars, but to get the impressions that we're able to get, you talk to the big advertisers. They can't live without us. If General Motors wants to launch a new product, they want 20 million people watching NCIS rather than going on YouTube, it's not to say they won't buy YouTube later on, but the reason we're seeing increases in our pricing right now and every year the upfront is up from where it was before and generally scatter is up before, is network television can't be replaced, you can't do without those huge numbers. Look NBC got $4.5 million for a 30-second spot in the Super Bowl, we're going to get north of $5 million, those aren't dollars going to digital. They realize they want to get to a 120 million people at once and that's why broadcast will always be solid.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks, Les.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Doug Mitchelson with UBS
Doug Mitchelson: I wanted to ask about the upfront from Les, I think you just kicked it off in this call by offering Super Bowl inventory for $6 million spot.
Les Moonves: Exactly, are you interested, Doug? We've got a few available right now, but they're going fast.
Doug Mitchelson: I'll check with the ad guys, at [indiscernible]. I think, it's always interesting time of year and you have your finger on the pulse, so what's actually happening in the marketplace. How many pilots, do you think you will shoot this year and can you remind us what you did last year? How is the fight for talent, a lot of folks ramping their original efforts and do you see that in cost and availability of talent and how many holds do you have in your schedule and what type of shows are you targeting, any of that would be helpful?
Les Moonves: And the good news is, I said during the call, is our schedule is really very, very solid. There are very few holds, we are probably doing three or four or less pilots, this year. My guess is will be down to eight comedies and eight or nine dramas, right now and how many shows we launched, this year we only launched four new shows in the fall and as I said earlier, they're able to be launched in different places. Are there more, is there more competition out there, probably because everybody is doing original dramas and comedies, but that has never stopped us or we're not having trouble finding the kind of talent that we want and you know what, our batting average in terms of back-end syndication is so much higher than anybody else's. Cable, other broadcasters certainly the MVPD players, that coming to see to CBS is the story is yes, it's tougher to get on the air, but if you're on the air, your chances of success will be lot greater. So it's a very interesting year, but I think we're going to have more than enough to put it in our schedule.
Doug Mitchelson: If I could just follow-up with Joe. I mean, Joe when you think about shows that you and Les are putting up on the board. Do you start to get visibility around now, as to what production cost for next season might start to look like, when you think about sort of older shows that might be expensive that you're taking off versus newer shows? Is there any kind of visibility you're starting to get around that?
Joe Ianniello: Yes, sure. I mean, that's all part of that process, Doug. When we go through that, we're obviously looking at, a show cost X right now and its eight years versus you know Y in its first year that we own it. So we go through all of that calculation as we do it, but obviously as Les, said the best show will always get on the air, but it's a definitely part of the process.
Les Moonves: But unless Doug you should know that Two and Half Men after 12 years is going off the air. It's announced. So that's a pretty high ticket item, you may have heard about Charlie Sheen's salary and then Ashton Kutcher's salary, so by definition maybe the most expensive half hour in our schedule is coming off. You know and so as the result, I fully expect our cost for next season for 2015, 2016 to be less than they're for this season. Mentalist is going off the air as well, which is an older show, but so production cost wise, we're in very good shape.
Doug Mitchelson: Right. Thank you both very much.
Operator: And we'll go next to John Janedis with Jefferies
John Janedis: Les, I think the Bell Media deal initially flew into the radar and so I wanted to ask, are you going to recognize revenue on an upfront licensing and then on a success based basis and to clarify, how replicable is it across geographies, I don't know if there are any potential issues with existing rights? Thanks
Les Moonves: Joe, why don't you talk about how we're recognizing and then I'll talk about for the second.
Joe Ianniello: You know for the brand, John. It's recognized over the term of the agreement, you're going, we're not going to disclose the actual term, but I'll tell you it's a long-term agreement. So for the brand value, for the trademark it's a recognized and then the other part. Think about it more as an output deal, as we produce more and more shows for them. They'll buy those shows at an agreed upon price. So again it really speaks to the value that we were able to achieve hits type of deal to the quality of the content on Showtime. So yes, I think we can replicate this, obviously timing of rights have to line up, Canada is no different than other countries.
Les Moonves: Yes, I mean we talked about ownership of the shows and how much more of the product we own, than even a few years ago. When the thought of an international channel, an international showtime channel would have been impossible because the shows were all owned by other companies, now it's a very different story, as Joe mentioned the timing of these rights are important, but this is potentially a very revolutionary deal, for Showtime as it looks to expand throughout the world.
John Janedis: And that hits in, later in 2015 or in 2016?
Joe Ianniello: It starts 2015, you know it will start right in 2015 and again it will ramp as the shows go, they're launching their SVOD service I believe later in the year. So John, if I was thinking about this. I was thinking about this kind of building into end of 2015, 2016, 2017 and beyond, but because again of the output nature and the SVOD service that Bells is launching.
John Janedis: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll go next to Laura Martin with Needham & Company
Laura Martin: I'm really curious about this, have you guys ever thought about aggregating that awesomely deep library and offering it to consumers direct and sort of a competitive product to Netflix or is it the money coming out this SVOD players, just so much greater in cash flow strains than doing it yourself and building a global footprint out of that library of yours?
Les Moonves: Laura, actually you know what All Access is basically split into three parts. One is the live feed, where in the market set it's in, which will expand, two is catch up on existing shows that are on the air and the third part, is a big part of our vast library. So right now, for $599 a month you can get all the Star Treks and all the Mission Impossibles and all the I love Lucy's and all the Cheers that you may want. So we are, that is once again it is some of it, it is syndicated out, but it's not exclusive, but you will find that on All Access. So we agree with you, it's a very good idea.
Laura Martin: And those rights are also sold non-exclusively to Amazon and Netflix, right?
Joe Ianniello: That's right.
Les Moonves: That's correct.
Laura Martin: So my other question was on dynamic ad insertion. I'm so happy, this is finally coming and what I'm really interested in it, do you think dynamic ad insertion will be a material revenue driver in 2015 or do you think that has to take to 2 years or 3 years to become a meaningful upside?
Joe Ianniello: Laura, its Joe. I would say, look it certainly not going to be fully realized. It has a lot - it's not going to be realize its full potential there, but if you just think about the consumption and you applied some sort of average CPM, you could see, you could get hundreds of millions of dollars and you could see why we are excited about it. Obviously, when any market place develops, you don't reach the full capacity kind of in year one, year two. So I do think there is a natural ramp here, but again the good news is that, the consumption is there, we can prove it, we have the data. So the monetisation will follow.
Laura Martin: Very helpful, thanks.
Operator: And we'll go next to Jim Goss with Barrington Research
Jim Goss: I've got a couple also, first regarding I was wondering, if there is any trend you can talk about in terms of the international sale concurrent with initial program release and whether that dollar value is increasing as it is with the film industry.
Les Moonves: Yes, the answer is yes. The good news is, the international marketplace and we referred to the growth in competition with MVPD's and SVOD providers and all the normal people. The numbers are going up, the numbers, when we first launch a show as soon as we announced it, it's on our schedule our international sales team launches it and sells it and it basically goes on concurrently with our fall schedule and those numbers rare going up. There is a certain range for CBS shows, there are certain shows we have as part of output deals in certain territories, but the CW shows are going up, the Showtime shows are going up. So the market place is stronger and stronger every year.
Jim Goss: Okay, also I've been amazed in terms of the role of schedule as new as C7 looms and new distribution platform. So I'm wondering, if you could talk about how important it is and whether that's changing that all and whether it's the share of doing an original day in time?
Les Moonves: I mean, the number is over 70% who watched the show live day and time. So as I talked about before, when you take a show like Madam Secretary which clearly is an upscale show, it's an intelligent show putting that show after 60 minutes and before The Good Wife makes great sense and frankly, even though this is the age of everybody saying people want their shows, when they want it, scheduling still matters, having the strength of schedule that we have really matters. The reason, Thursday night was helpful in other ways. When we did our research on Scorpion, we said it's the perfect companion for The Big Bang Theory. The Big Bang is about five nerds, who do comedy. Scorpions is about five nerds, who do action adventure and they are very, very compatible shows. So we put them both on Monday night and Scorpion succeeded a great deal because we got the Big Bang people to watch Scorpion. Obviously, NCIS: New Orleans the people who NCIS, the idea is to keep them there. So scheduling remains an important skill and the strength of schedule and launching new product remains very strong, that 70% number will go down, but still a major factor today.
Jim Goss: Okay and lastly, I was wondering about the importance of news right now in your schedule and in terms of the destabilization that might be occurring with NBC, is there any change in landscape you might look at in that regard?
Les Moonves: No, I'd rather not comment on the issue that NBC is having obviously both of our morning news shows and the evening news Scott Belli have gone up over the last few years and it's rising in a terrific way. I love the product, we're putting on, it's very strong, its 'very forceful and we're looking for the news division to continue to increase.
Jim Goss: Thanks very much.
Joe Ianniello: Good thank you, Jim. And Gwen, let's take one final question, please.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, I've two. First of all, where are you in discussions with the affiliates for CBS All Access, have you started those?
Les Moonves: Yes, we have started them. We are fairly far down the road and I'm optimistic that most of the affiliates will be on board, I think they're very encouraged for the first time actually in this kind of service and over the top service, they're going to share. So we've received a very good reaction from our affiliates and we expect to be able to announce it in the not too distant future?
Marci Ryvicker: Okay and then secondly, with the renewed NFL Thursday night contract, is there anything you're planning to do or anything incrementally you can do to help the margins with that contract next year?
Les Moonves: Just get better games. We actually have terrible games. We have of our eight games like ridiculous blowouts. So we really believe if the schedule gets better and the games get a bit closer, we will do a lot better and the margins will get better and we fully expect that to happen next year and once again, having the Super Bowl, having the extra playoff game that Joe mentioned that we will have next year, it should be a lot of good NFL stuff for us.
Marci Ryvicker: Got it, thank you.
Joe Ianniello: Thank you, Marci and this concludes today's call. Thank you everyone for joining us. Have a great evening.
Operator: Thank you everyone that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-05 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President of Investor Relations Sumner M. Redstone - Founder and Executive Chairman Leslie Moonves - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Joseph R. Ianniello - Principal Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division Anthony J. DiClemente - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division John Janedis - Jefferies LLC, Research Division David W. Miller - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Laura A. Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Vijay A. Jayant - ISI Group Inc., Research Division James C. Goss - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CBS Corporation Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Release Teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead, sir.
Adam Townsend: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter 2014 earnings call. Joining us for the discussion are Sumner Redstone, our Executive Chairman; Leslie Moonves, President and CEO; Joe Ianniello, Chief Operating Officer. We will start with an opening comment from Sumner, followed by Les and Joe, who will discuss the strategic and financial results. We will then open the call up to questions. Please note that during today's conference call, the 2014 results and comparisons to prior year will be discussed on an adjusted basis, unless otherwise specified. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found on our earnings release or on our website. Also statements in this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, which involves risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's news releases and securities filings. A webcast of this call and earnings release related to today's presentation can be found on the Investors section of our website at cbscorporation.com. With that, let's start with an opening remark from Sumner.
Sumner M. Redstone: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the CBS Corp. event.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you, Sumner, and good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us. I'm pleased to tell you today, we reported another solid quarter. Revenue of $3.4 billion was up 2%. Adjusted EPS of $0.74 was up 6%, and reported EPS was up much more to $3.03, thanks to the gain we posted by splitting off our Outdoor Advertising business. We achieved these results because of the continued growth in our diversified set of revenue sources, including healthy gains in content license fees, strong underlying growth in affiliate fees and yes, higher advertising, which will increase even further here in the fourth quarter. And while advertising revenue grew during the quarter, our non-advertising revenue grew even faster and is becoming a bigger part of our results all the time. In fact, the third quarter was the first time that advertising made up less than 50% of our overall revenue. And year-to-date, we have now recorded an even 50-50 split between advertising and non-advertising revenue, which is a far cry from the 70-plus percent of advertising that we had a few years ago. What we are seeing is that the world of content monetization continues to expand across new devices and new distribution platforms. And as it does, we continue to invest in and to produce the best content, which, in turn, strengthens our financial position. This includes a number of recent developments that give us great confidence in the future. First, advertising is growing again here in the fourth quarter. Our local businesses have benefited from some tough political campaigns, which you saw yesterday, culminating in spending that accelerated right up through yesterday's election. And nationally, CBS is once again the #1 network in America and we're up versus a year ago. In fact, we are the only network that is up year-over-year in all 3 key demos: viewers, adults 25 to 54, and adults 18 to 49. We're even the only network that is up 18 to 34. All that this means we continue to get the first look at scatter budgets and capture the largest share of dollars of all broadcast networks. And while broadcast as a whole is having a solid season, basic cable is not doing as well. So any share shift towards digital is coming primarily at the expense of cable and print. Here at CBS, as is virtually always the case, scatter pricing is being written right now at a premium to upfront pricing. Another development that gives us great optimism is the series of reverse comp deals that we did during the quarter. Just like the Time Warner Cable deal a year ago, we once again proved the value of CBS this summer during negotiations with the incumbent CBS affiliate in Indianapolis. They did not want to pay market rates for our programming and so Tribune came in with a significantly better and fairer offer, and we did a deal with them instead. Soon after, not surprisingly, we quickly followed that up with a series of new reverse compensation agreements, first with Gray Television, then with LIN and then with Media General. All of these deals were done at extremely attractive and growing rates. So once again, the free market worked and we're now on track to easily hit our goal of $1 billion in retrans and reverse comp as we exit 2016. And we are more confident than ever that we'll achieve our goal of an impressive $2 billion in 2020. By the way, our next major deal in this area is with DISH Network. The end of our current deal is approaching soon and we're determined to get paid fair value for our programming. As you know by now, we know how to get this done, and rest assured, we will. The third recent development for us is the successful launch of our very own over-the-top service called CBS All Access. All Access is additive to the overall ecosystem in that it primarily addresses consumers who are not currently MVPD subscribers. It offers more top 25 current shows than any other SVOD service. Plus, it enables viewers to watch CBS live and to be counted outside the home. So we're expanding our reach to new audiences, especially younger viewers, and proactively taking advantage of the growing mobile marketplace. I'm also pleased to announce that we just reached a historic over-the-top agreement with Sony for rights inside the home. Sony, along with others who are getting into this space, represents yet another iteration of content distribution. And as new entrants, they will pay us higher subscription fees than what we've ever been paid before. So just like when telcos came along to compete with cable and satellite, broadband services will help expand the universe of opportunities for companies like CBS that make the best programming. All of these developments, along with the many other opportunities we have in front of us, are why we remain so confident about our future, and it's why, in addition to reinvesting on our content, we are returning more value to shareholders than ever before. Through the first 9 months of the year, we retired nearly $5.5 billion of our stock and raised our dividend by 25%, our second increase in 2 years. And with the expansion of our share repurchase program that we told you about during our last call, we have more than $5.5 billion to go. So there's a lot more to come, and returning value to shareholders will remain a top priority. Now let's take a look at each of our businesses, starting with entertainment, and then I'll turn it over to Joe for more color, followed by your questions. As I mentioned, the CBS Television Network had a terrific start to the new season. Our new programs batted 1.000 going 4 for 4, with all 4 of our new dramas being picked up for the full year. The good news is we own 100% of 3 of these new shows: NCIS: New Orleans; Scorpion; and Madam Secretary. Meaning, we have once again reloaded the content pipeline with new franchises that we will monetize around the world for many years to come. And we continue to beat the competition. In addition to being the only network that's up in all key measures, we also have the #1 drama and the #1 show overall in NCIS; the #1 and #2 new dramas in NCIS: New Orleans and Scorpion; the #1 comedy, Big Bang Theory; and the #1 news program, 60 Minutes. Plus, 4 of the top 5 prime time shows are on CBS as well as 6 of the top 10, more than all of the other networks combined. Thursday Night Football has clearly been a great addition to our lineup as well. Even with the number of blowout games, we grew CBS' strong Thursday ratings from a year ago, and we nearly doubled the ratings for the comparable games last year on the NFL Network. In our final prime time game on CBS, we beat Sunday Night Football with the highest-ranked NFL game of the week. This was the first time that a Thursday night NFL game has ever come in ahead of Sunday Night Football. The NFL continues to be extremely valuable for us on Sunday as well. This past weekend, we have the third highest regular season game in 16 years when the Patriots beat the Broncos. The addition of Thursday Night Football also allowed us to strengthen our lineup with some key scheduling moves, for example, by moving Big Bang from Thursdays to Mondays for the first 6 weeks of the season. We were able to create the perfect lead in for Scorpion, clearly contributing to that show's success. Scorpion, by the way, provides a good illustration of the growing trend across our industry towards huge increases in delayed viewing. As you've heard me say, and as the facts prove, overnight ratings are becoming more and more irrelevant all the time. Day of air, Scorpion averaged 13 million viewers this season. But after 7 days, its average increases by 5 million additional viewers to 18 million, all of which are being counted by Nielsen. And the bigger the show, the bigger the opportunity. Big Bang, NCIS, NCIS: New Orleans are all drawing more than 20 million viewers when you add in 7 days a week. 20 million viewers week in and week out. How many cable shows can say that? How many online shows or hits does it take to get that kind of reach in one place? Yes, those are rhetorical questions. I should also point out that the CW, which we co-own with Warner Bros., is also off to a great start. The debut view of The Flash was the CW's most-watched telecast ever, and Jane the Virgin, which we own, also had a strong debut in one of the most critically acclaimed shows of the new fall season. Our content continues to be in high demand overseas as well. We've already begun licensing all of our new owned hits in the international marketplace, including Scorpion, NCIS: New Orleans, Madam Secretary, Jane the Virgin and Showtime's The Affair. We also got a jump-start overseas with our new CSI, CSI: Cyber, which doesn't debut on CBS until mid-season, but has already been licensed in more than 200 international markets. That is 6 brand-new owned programs that are entering the never-ending cycle of syndication revenue. Plus, in addition to more traditional domestic and international outlets, CBS Studios has begun creating original content for SVOD distribution partners, too. So along with all of the content we create and own for CBS, Showtime, the CW and outside broadcast and cable networks, we can now add digital streaming companies to that list as well. More deals along these lines are coming soon. At the same time, CBS Studios is also expanding into late nights. Currently, our late night shows are owned by Worldwide Pants, but beginning next year, the Late Show with Stephen Colbert and the Late Late Show with James Corden will be produced and owned by CBS, meaning we'll have the right to license these programs in a number of ways we couldn't before. And as you know, late night shows are very popular and highly monetizable on digital platforms. And in another important development, tomorrow, CBS News is launching a new streaming service called CBS N, that will allow us to take all of the content we create across our news division and distribute it across the leading digital platforms without the costs associated with the Cable News Network. This service will provide programming 24/7 to a whole new audience, and along with All Access, demonstrates the way we are following our viewers with CBS content wherever they are. As digital media expands, CBS Interactive is growing at a fast clip, too. Advertising was up strong double digits in Q3, and we continue to post growth in profit quarter after quarter. Turning to cable. Showtime continues to be a truly remarkable story for us as well, and it is excelling both creatively and financially. On the creative side, our programming has never been better, including strong performances by Homeland, The Affair, Masters of Sex and Ray Donovan, which just concluded one of the best seasons of television we've seen in a long time. And we just announced the revival of Twin Peaks, which, by the way, has been one of the biggest television stories in social media. On the financial side, in addition to growth in affiliate fees, we continue to increase our ownership in original programming. We now have ownership in more than 10 series on Showtime, with several more to come. So in addition to rates and subscribers, syndication has become a major driver of Showtime's growth. Also in cable, we announced plans during the quarter to rebrand TVGN, our co-venture with Lionsgate. Beginning in the first quarter, the network will be called Pop, with more than 400 hours of original programming, including 6 new original series as well as a number of shows from our extensive CBS library. Since we made our investment in this network in 2013, ratings and key measurements have grown every single quarter, and we're confident that will continue into 2015 as well. In publishing, we are very pleased with the leadership Simon & Schuster showed in its groundbreaking deal with Amazon. This was a terrific deal financially for both Simon & Schuster and its authors, and it established the strength of our publishing business for the future. As we look ahead to Q4, we have a number of strong titles still to come, including releases from Stephen King, Tony Robbins and Mary Higgins Clark. In local, both our television and radio stations had very strong quarters. On the television side, political spending, retrans and NFL sales all contributed to double-digit third quarter growth, and Thursday Night Football has given a significant lift to our late local news here in the third and fourth quarter. All but one of our games featured teams from our O&O markets, resulting in late news ratings that were 20% higher in our key news demos -- demo of adults 25 to 54. Looking ahead, we're confident that going mobile with CBS All Access will help our television stations continue to grow in the digital future. Radio also had a strong quarter as we continue to focus on our big market strategy. Last month, we made an agreement with the Beasley Broadcast Group to swap 14 stations for 5 stations, exiting some of our midsized markets while building our presence in Philadelphia and Miami. We own television duopolies in both of these major markets, meaning our new radio stations are a terrific complement to our existing local portfolios. So across CBS, the creation and monetization of our premium content continues to drive our results, and nobody knows how to do it better than us. Each call we have with you, we tell you about all the new opportunities in front of us, thanks to the way we continue to reload our world-class content, and this quarter was no different. We launched 5 new owned hit series across our networks, including Scorpion, NCIS: New Orleans and Madam Secretary at CBS; Jane the Virgin on the CW; and The Affair on Showtime, with the sixth, CBS Cyber (sic) [CSI: Cyber] still to come. All of these shows will be monetized for years to come through multi-platform syndication deals around the world. In addition, CBS Studios is steadily increasing its output of shows that we own by distributing across a growing variety of broadcast cable and now, streaming outlets. We also launched CBS All Access, and we're about to launch a new streaming service in CBS News, and we're about to begin working with a whole new entrant in distribution, thanks to our Sony agreement. Plus, during the quarter, we continue to renegotiate retrans and reverse comp deals at much better rates, putting us at a clear path to $2 billion in revenue in 2020. And we've gone mobile with our TV stations, have traded up to beachfront property in radio and cut a terrific new deal at Simon & Schuster with Amazon. And remember, once again, CBS remains America's #1 network, up in every key demo, something none of our competitors can say. Through all this, we're returning value to our shareholders like never before, with lots more to come. So we continue to build on our position of strength, and we feel more confident all the time about our future. And with that, I will turn it over to Joe.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Thanks, Les, and good afternoon, everyone. In a little bit, I'll give you some more details about our third quarter results, and now, I'll talk about what we see ahead in the fourth quarter and into 2015. But first, I'd like to give you a final update on our Outdoor initiatives and discuss how we have set ourselves up for continued future growth. During the third quarter, we completed the split off of CBS Outdoor, culminating in a gain of $1.6 billion. The better news is the actual financial impact of our Outdoor initiative has been far greater than the $1.6 billion. All in, we delivered nearly $6 billion of total value. So we accomplished just what we said we would, which is unlock tremendous value for our shareholders and reshape CBS into a company that is solely focused on premium content. Let me give you some more details about these shareholder returns. In the first 9 months of this year, we have retired more than 90 million shares of our stock. This represents about 15% of total shares outstanding. Keep in mind that we were locked out of making any share repurchases for a good part of the third quarter because of the completion of the Outdoor split off. So the $400 million of cash that we used on buybacks in Q3 is just a starting point and you can expect to see an accelerated pace of quarterly share repurchases going forward. As Les said, we had $5.6 billion remaining on the program as of September 30, and we remain fully committed to returning that $5.6 billion over the next 12 to 24 months. The other key strategic reason for the separation of our Outdoor businesses was to further transform CBS into a company that is driven by the creation and monetization of the best content in the world. In many ways, the third quarter epitomizes the strength of this strategy. Our results benefited from the content licensing of our current hit shows, both in the U.S. and internationally, as well as higher revenue from reverse compensation. In fact, the 4 new reverse comp deals we made during the third quarter covered 53 stations, representing 22% of our affiliate footprint, and we have another 45 stations to renew in 2015. Even more than that, as Les mentioned, our investment in programming has led to 6 new content franchises that we own, including NCIS: New Orleans and CSI: Cyber. Both NCIS and CSI already represent multibillion-dollar franchises for us, and these new spinoffs, along with the other shows we launched during the quarter, will significantly add to that, potentially leading to billions of dollars in profits in the years to come. Already, the diversification of our revenue streams is having a big impact on our results. The third quarter -- during the third quarter, advertising made up just 46% of total revenue, and on a year-to-date basis, advertising was barely 50% of total revenue. Now let me give you some more details about our third quarter results. Revenue of $3.4 billion was up 2% during the third quarter, which spread across our 3 key revenue categories. Advertising grew 2%, helped by Thursday Night Football and strong political spending. Content licensing and distribution was up 4% led by increases in TV license fees and streaming revenues, both here in the U.S. and internationally as well. And underlying affiliate and subscription fees increased 6%. Strong growth in retrans and reverse comp offset the difficult comparison to last year when we had the Floyd Mayweather/Canelo Alvarez fight on Showtime, which was the largest pay-per-view boxing event of all time. OIBDA came in at $814 million, down 2%, reflecting our increased investment in programming, including Thursday Night Football. However, SG&A costs were down 7% for the quarter, yielding an overall OIBDA margin of 24%. We also posted EPS growth once again, just as we have for the last 19 consecutive quarters. Let me say that again. We have posted EPS growth for the last 19 quarters in a row. And for this quarter, EPS was up 6% to $0.74. It's also worth noting that foreign exchange rates cost us $0.04 per share due to the strengthening U.S. dollar. There were also 2 actions we took during the quarter that will result in future benefits. First, we cut costs throughout our businesses, resulting in restructuring charges of $26 million, and the payback on these cost-cutting measures is less than 1 year. Next, we refinanced high interest rate notes at much lower rates, resulting in a $219 million after-tax charge on the early extinguishment of debt. This refinancing, along with the debt we paid off in the second quarter, will reduce the run rate of our annualized interest expense by $35 million. Now let's turn to our operating segments. In Entertainment, revenue for the third quarter came in at $1.9 billion, up 1% from last year. The increase was driven by higher affiliate and subscription fees; growth in television licensing, which includes the domestic syndication sale of Hawaii Five-0 and Blue Bloods; and healthy gains in international revenue. Entertainment OIBDA was $335 million compared with $431 million last year because of the investment we made in programming. In our Cable Networks segment, Q3 revenue of $624 million was up 5%, driven by strong growth in Showtime licensing fees from the sale of Dexter as well as Californication. Plus, we posted higher affiliate revenue from increases in rates and telco subs. All of these gains helped offset the comp of last year's third quarter when we had that big pay-per-view fight, which, by the way, affected our cable revenue growth by 7 points. Cable OIBDA of $272 million was up 4% for the quarter, and our Cable OIBDA margin was a healthy 44%. Turning to Publishing. Third quarter revenue was $199 million compared with $224 million last year due to the timing of title releases, which we expect to improve in the fourth quarter. Digital book sales represented 28% of total revenue, up 1 point from Q3 of 2013. Publishing OIBDA of $43 million was even with last year, and as a result of lower selling costs, the publishing OIBDA margin expanded 3 percentage points to 22%. In Local Broadcasting, third quarter revenue of $680 million was up 6%, driven by strong political spending as well as higher affiliate and subscription fees. TV stations were up 10% while radio was up 2%. In addition, our local digital businesses continue to post double-digit revenue growth. Local Broadcasting OIBDA of $214 million grew 18%, driven by higher revenue as well as lower programming costs. In Local Broadcasting OIBDA, our margin expanded 3 percentage points to 31%. Turning to cash flow and our balance sheet. Our free cash flow during the quarter included payments of $360 million made in connection with the debt refinancing I mentioned, as well as additional NFL payments. We expect fourth quarter free cash flow to be much stronger than a year ago. Our gross debt to OIBDA ratio at 9/30 was 2.1x. And as we have said before, we are comfortable raising our target ratio to 2.5x as part of our capital return plan. So we still have plenty of debt capacity to utilize. We also exited the third quarter with $178 million of cash on hand. Now let me give you a few observations about what we see ahead in Q4 and into 2015. As we shared on our last call, we see revenue building through the end of the year, with the fourth quarter shaping up to be our strongest of 2014. Our TV stations are pacing to be up teens, and radio is pacing to be up mid-single digits. Looking out into 2015, we have some significant deals coming up in retrans and reverse comp. In addition to the reverse comp deals that I previously mentioned, we have about 25% of our retrans footprint coming up for renewal over the next 12 months. And as you know, each deal we do resets the bar for the next. So we are as confident as ever in reaching our stated goal of $2 billion in retrans and reverse comp in 2020. In addition, many of our distribution partners would like to offer more of our programming to their customers on-demand and outside the home. So with so many successful franchises at CBS, Showtime, we have lots of opportunities to further monetize our vast programming assets. Also in 2015, our hit show, Elementary, will become available in first cycle domestic syndication because of the multi-platform deals we already have in place. We are on track once again to have another record year of EPS in 2014. And as we move into 2015, we will certainly be expecting to do it again. So in summary, we are posting healthy gains year-after-year while setting up CBS for an even brighter future. As we continue to diversify our revenue base, our business model is only growing stronger. To that end, the best thing we can do is invest in and produce premium content. This is already paying off for us in a big way with the launch of new owned hits at CBS, The CW and Showtime. Given our track record, we are confident we will continue to reap the benefits for many years to come as we monetize our programming across traditional and emerging platforms. And all along, you can be certain we will continue to focus on driving shareholder value. So we are very pleased with where we are and where we're going. And with that, Tom, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Les, can you talk about the decision to pay for the NFL this year and how it's impacted your schedule and your results versus your expectations? And I think, the NFL has the potential to extend the contract with yourself next year. How are you feeling about that? Are you expecting and hoping to have that extended? And I just had a quick question for Joe on currency. You mentioned the $0.04. Any sense for where -- can you help us see where that's coming from, I'm guessing it's licensing? And what the Q4 impact might be?
Leslie Moonves: Yes, regarding NFL, we're extremely pleased. Unfortunately, there were 4 blowout games among those that were aired, but the ratings were still very strong. And obviously, it helps our entire schedule. We're able to, as I mentioned, move Big Bang to Monday with -- and our Monday numbers were up a lot because of that, and that certainly helped it. We're very pleased obviously with the 1-year deal. And the NFL does have an option. We hope they pick it up. The good news, and we said this last quarter, because of Thursday Night Football, we're going to have more original programming throughout the year. And as time goes on, that becomes more and more important, especially as we own that program. So you're going to see a lot less repeat programming, and we expect our continued success. So all in all, Thursday Night Football has been a big plus to us, and we hope to continue.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And Ben, on your second question regarding foreign currency, what that represents really is the translation adjustments as of 9/30. So the rate as of September 30 is basically converting our receivables mainly in Europe -- in euros and pounds to U.S. dollars, so we don't know where the rate will be as of December 31. Again, so we just wanted to point it out. We did not adjust it out of our result, but we just wanted to highlight it for you guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jessica Reif-Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I have a bunch of quick -- I hope quick ones. On CBS All Access, how big is that addressable market? I mean, did you think this is just going to be for like avid viewers or broadband only? How do you guys think about that?
Leslie Moonves: As we said, we think it is additive, and it shouldn't take away from -- and there's a -- there's many millions of people out there on college campuses, the cord-nevers, the cord-cutters who want the ability to have, and there are 10 million broadband-only consumers out there, and we expect to be able to get those people and reach those people, and we're very excited about our foray into it. As we said, this is not to hurt our partnerships with the MVPDs, that is not our intention, but it should be expansive.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And along those lines, what you announced today, the CBS News service, is that an advertising-supported service launching tomorrow?
Leslie Moonves: Yes, it is. It launches tomorrow.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I have 2 other really quick ones. But Showtime, in light of HBO's announcement at their Analyst Day a month ago, do you have any plans to go over the top, broadband, along the CBS All Access lines?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Jessica, it's Joe. Look, obviously, we see the same opportunity HBO does. We'll look to work with our partners on doing that, but as Les said, the 10 million broadband-only homes, to not make our programming available is certainly doing a disservice to those consumers. So we have to find creative and innovative ways to continue to have our content where the consumers are. So we're going to work with our partners to do that.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then, one last one. Just on DISH, can you just remind us, have you done your retrans deal with them, given all the noise around Time Warner?
Leslie Moonves: No. We're -- our deal is up at the end of November, and we are in discussions with them as we speak. And I know Charlie had some disparaging things to say about CNN. I don't think he could say the same about CBS.
Operator: Next question is from David Bank with RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, 2 questions. The first one, I guess, going back to the ad market on scatter. Could you guys talk about if you kind of carve out the impact of the NFL, which I know is really difficult, what does the sequential delta been like in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter? Did you see real softness in the third quarter? And did you see an improvement in that market like some others have, even on the broadcast side? And the second question is, can you kind of update us on the international licensing market? You sold Madam Secretary into Sky. You referenced the CSI: Cyber deal. What kind of numbers do those shows do? Are they like domestic first run SVOD type numbers? And where overall is your sort of run rate on international licensing right now?
Leslie Moonves: Joe, you want to do the first one, and I'll do the second?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, sure. Here's what I'd say, David, on the ad market. Look, Q3 ad trends are improving from Q2, like we said, and Q4 is accelerating. So I think, we said even on our last call, we see it picking up. It's hard to just say excluding the NFL when it's 3 hours of prime time on Thursdays for us. So what do I assume if we pull that out. So again, we're looking at it really holistically and just saying, we have the ratings and the content that consumers want, they're watching it live, and they're watching it delayed. So when we cume all of that, we are well-positioned to take these dollars. So as Les said, pricing is up, and demand is building. So we're very confident that we're going to continue to see that, and we like the hand we have.
Leslie Moonves: And David, regarding international marketplace, everybody knows that it's booming, and American dramas specifically are selling -- they're the best sold product there. We did $1.3 billion in revenues last year. We expect to increase on that this year. Once again, if you go selling a CBS drama, just about every single one of them is north of $2 million per episode. And that number at the CW comes down a little bit but because of what's happening with SVOD as well as new cable channels, the marketplace is very vibrant, obviously, the U.K., Germany, Canada, et cetera. So having more content is a real plus for us. We have many output deals and many deals where they're in the open market. So we're very happy having these own shows being in profit before they even hit the air, and then when they become successes on any of our networks, that only increases its profitability.
Operator: Next question is from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: You guys have great perspective in terms of what's going on in the industry with one of the strongest content stories but yet still healthy exposure to advertising. I guess, can you provide us with some perspective on how quickly you think the ecosystem is changing in terms of consumption of media and where advertising dollars are going? And what that means in terms of your priorities in terms of investments? I mean, does, for example, investing potentially in traditional cable become less attractive now?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, Alexia, it's Joe. Look, here's what we said. Our buzzwords around here are broadband and mobile, and I think, everyday, we see more and more consumption in those 2 kind of platforms, and so how we're addressing that is making sure the best content in the world, which we own, is there. And so we're mindful of the existing infrastructure, but this is additive and we want to evolve with that. So our thinking is the content is borderless. It goes domestically and internationally, and it goes to where the consumers want to consume it. So we need to figure that out. The good news for us is we have those rights. Because we own most of our content, we're going to figure that out and evolve with the consumers. This is being driven by the consumer, and so, again, we'll obviously do this with partners and help distribute that content, but it puts us in a very good position vis--vis the future business model of what it looks like. So advertising is a key component of our mix. It will continue to be a key component, and we're going to get paid for this viewership, and that's key. It's being measured, countered, and we expect to be paid for it. So I think, our expectations are very fair. We're the best at what we do and we expect to be paid that way.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And just one quick follow-up, if I may, on reverse compensation. It seems like you're getting right into the thick of things in terms of your affiliate renewals coming ahead. I guess, you mentioned your success in getting fair market value in some of these recent renewals. Given the growing value of the NFL and your content, has your view of what fair market value kind of inched up a bit recently?
Leslie Moonves: Of course, it has. Obviously, we've said this, and we feel this way. We're the #1 network. We have football on Sunday and on Thursday. We have the best content throughout. And as we said in our remarks, every new deal exceeds the one before, both in terms of reverse compensation as well as retrans. And the marketplace is treating us that way. It's -- we've always said, if you have the most eyeballs, you should get the most dollars. That has not happened yet. There's still a number of cable channels that get paid more than we do, but we're trying to change it, and with every new deal, we are changing it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Morris with Guggenheim Partners.
Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple more questions on the content side. First, you had -- you said the higher TV licensing and subscription fees this quarter in the entertainment segment, which was a positive given that, I think, you had a somewhat tough comparison. Can you talk a little bit about the entire back half of the year? I guess, the concern would be that we don't always see the timing of when things come through. So was there anything that was a fourth quarter phenomenon last year that was maybe kind of pulled into the third quarter? Or are you still well-positioned for the fourth quarter as well? And then, the second question, a little bigger picture. The new -- the successful new shows on CBS this fall. I don't mean to get ahead of ourselves. I know you're already licensing them internationally. How long do you want to see the high level of performance for those shows? Or do your partners want to see it before you start having the discussions about some more ways to monetize them domestically?
Leslie Moonves: Joe, why don't you do the first? I'll do the second.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Mike, I'll start with the first one on the content. Look, content licensing is definitely lumpy. There's no question about it. So this quarter, we sold Hawaii Five-0 and Blue Bloods. So it definitely had that. Again, I think that the point is we keep reloading. We have Elementary going. So we have nothing hitting first cycles domestic syndication next quarter. We did sell Dexter last year. So there'll always be different comps in and out. But just keep in mind, Mike, that we have a vast library. So we can sell other content. And so I think, I know that's hard for you guys to model and project out, so I appreciate the difficulty there, but I think, again, if you step back and just think about the library and the content we have, it's just timing. You might just be off 1 quarter or 2, but the fact of the matter is we're going to monetize it at higher and higher rates. So we want to make sure we do a good deal. So we don't really look at whether it's going to be in the fourth quarter of 2014 or the first quarter of 2015. We're trying to maximize the value of the franchise. And when the marketplace gives us that opportunity, we'll do it.
Leslie Moonves: And Mike, regarding the new shows, of course, we're having discussions. As you recall, I think, we sold Hawaii Five-0 like 3 days after it premiered. And having 2 already established franchises, having sequels to them with NCIS and CSI, we're already having conversations out in the marketplace domestically about what is possible and how you structure these deals. Fox did a very interesting deal with Gotham right after it went on the air and they sold it to Netflix, among other places, and did a very clever deal. Obviously, we're out there. We're talking to them about all our shows right away. So deals can be happening very shortly. It's a different world than you just have to wait a couple of years to see results, and I think, people anticipate where we are now in a few weeks.
Operator: Next question comes from Anthony DiClemente with Nomura.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: You guys have talked about the chance for bringing Showtime over the top like HBO's announcement. So you also announced in the quarter the sale of Dexter and Californication. So can you just talk about how you decide to license some of those Showtime shows as opposed to like Californication as opposed to keeping them in-house at Showtime so as not to potentially dilute the future value of potential Showtime over the top offering? And I have a follow-up.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, Anthony, it's Joe. Look, we've been very conservative with monetizing the Showtime content. I think, HBO now sells their shows after 3 years. That's on the air. We wait till the show is effectively off the air to sell it. So that's really been the rule of thumb that if no current content is available on any other service in Showtime. So that's where we've drawn the line to date. Obviously, we're getting more and more data, but Showtime as a service is a unique offering that has high-quality premium content. It has sports. It has movies. It's very -- it's unique in its offering, and we will always maintain that. I think, the one-off shows after they come into the library, we're going to just look to optimize it like we do any of our other pieces of our library.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, Dexter went off the air a little over a year ago, and Californication went off the air this year. In the HBO offering, remember, they said sometime in '15, they're going to offer an HBO service. We could say fairly definitively, sometime in '15, there will be some service from Showtime.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And just turning to Netflix. I know you guys announced a deal in the quarter with Netflix in Europe. Joe, can you just help us with the model on Netflix licensing revenues. Does that deal all get booked entirely in the fourth quarter? Does it spread into 2015? And then, also, just in the U.S. in terms of your renewal with Netflix, can you please update us on where the negotiation for that, the U.S. renewal with Netflix stands?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, look -- yes, sure. Look, we have ongoing conversations with Netflix all the time. So we're always talking to them about something. So you should assume that, that happens every single quarter. The international deal, we recognize the revenue once -- when the shows are made available. So if it's a library deal, the shows are recognized, again, upon execution, as long as we deliver the shows. If it's for new shows internationally where they're getting an earlier window, it's when the shows are made available. So that's the accounting recognition process. So that's what we follow. Again, it does cause lumpiness, but again, I think, Anthony, the takeaway is Netflix continues to do business with us because we have content their subscribers want to see, and as long as we have that dynamic, we're going to be fine.
Operator: Next is John Janedis with Jefferies.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Les, you talked a little bit about the ad market, and I'd say it's been a very long time since anybody's talked about broadcast actually taking share from cable. And I wanted to ask you, what are your advertisers telling you about the allocation of their broader TV budgets in terms of the shift? Maybe to what extent is it sustainable? Or it's just because of the weak ad market?
Leslie Moonves: We had a weaker market over the summer, obviously, and there was a slowness in the marketplace. But overall, broadcasting this year, of the 4 major networks, 3 of them in viewers are flat or up. So there isn't a decline yet. You do see in basic cable more of a decline across the board. So our advertisers are telling us, obviously, that, once again, to reach the broad marketplace, that we're still the best game in town, and we're seeing scatter grow. Definitively, I can't give -- I can't quantify how much is moving to us. Obviously, there's a lot of conversation about what is going digital. We don't think the advertising that's going digital affects the $20 million -- the 20 million viewer programs like we are. We think it affects more of the niche businesses that we're not in.
Operator: We'll go next to David Miller with Topeka Capital Markets.
David W. Miller - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Joe, I just want to understand the $52 million impairment charge. Was that just a pure programming impairment? Or I just want make sure you're not impairing any licensing or any other stuff in there. And then, I have a follow-up.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, sure, David. The $52 million is related to the Beasley swap for radio. So basically, again, the accounting rules, when you enter into a transaction based on the FCC licenses and goodwill values and where things are, is we record that charge there. So it has nothing to do with any programming assets at CBS.
David W. Miller - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. Great. And then, just a follow-up on retrans for next year. As we gear up to just kind of watch how this all plays out with reverse retrans in these negotiations you guys have coming up sort of in late Q1, early Q2, is the right way to think about how you'll negotiate this that you're just going to try to extract the highest number from the non-owned affiliates? Or will you actually help them? Will you help them in their negotiations with the MSOs and then try to take half? I'm just kind of wondering the style of negotiation you're planning to take.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, David, look, our style is we don't plan on negotiating deals for other third-parties. We're going to negotiate deals for ourselves, and we know what fair market value is for our content. Again, we have third-party deals that demonstrate just that. So we're going in, negotiating new deals for, call it, license fees for content we're providing, very valuable content, I might add, to these stations that allows them to go out and get retrans, as well as advertising, because remember, they're probably the #1 station in their local markets, and I suspect they're getting a whole lot of advertising dollars, and last I checked, when I see TV stations' OIBDA margins, they're pretty healthy. So we're going in with a number in mind, and we are determined, as Les said, to achieve it.
Operator: Next question comes from Laura Martin with Needham.
Laura A. Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: So my question comes -- I was speaking at the NAV yesterday, and a lot of those guys are saying that when you bring them the competition for All Access, they're going to cash for $1 or $2 from you. And so I'm wondering I know you started with your ONOs at 30% or 40% coverage, but as you think about trying to make that a national signal, which is what your customer is used to when he pays $6. How much are you going to actually end up with in the sort of 60% of country you don't own? And following on that, building on that, also, I'm very interested, Joe, in your thinking about kind of people follow your lead because you guys are the smart guy in the business and if somebody like a Food Network, which has always been $0.50 in the bundle spins off, follows your lead, goes over the top, then someone cuts the cord, you CBS lose sort of $1.50. So it feels like sort of a math is your upside is $4 since you've got to pay your affiliate $2, and you're going to lose $1.50 if Food Network follows your lead and somebody cuts the cord with you in it because they're just going to take Food Network instead. So walk me through how you think about the math there?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Whoa, Laura, that was a lot with a bad connection, but I'll take a shot at it. Look, for All Access, I think, we definitely see the affiliates joining in. I think, we've had lots of conversations with them already. I think, they're excited about it. They will participate in the offering. It is a national service. It's the live piece that we're talking to the affiliates about. We think, again, it's a compelling offering. As Les said, in this one service already, it has more shows than any other subscription service that's out there. So yes, obviously, it is priced at a significant premium to where we are in the retrans reverse comp methodology just for that, for, again, protection. We don't see it cannibalizing. We see it as additive, but again, it's priced as such that it is a premium product because the offering is deep.
Leslie Moonves: And Laura, just to clarify, it is now a national offering without the live feed. Now we're getting -- as Joe mentioned, we're cutting in the affiliates, and they're trying to -- we're making these deals with them to include the live feed, but the rest is available nationally right now.
Operator: Next question comes from Vijay Jayant with Evercore ISI.
Vijay A. Jayant - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to get your opinion from a strategic perspective. Obviously, Starz allegedly is trying to shop itself. I mean, you talked about over-the-top aspirations off Showtime in the future. Is that strategic? Is there huge cost savings you can see, even considered an asset like that? And a follow-up. I just want to get some color on political. I think, we had you guys doing about $180 million in the last midterm. Is that sort of the numbers that you got this year, too?
Leslie Moonves: Look, Starz, there are 3 premium cable networks, HBO, Showtime and Starz. Showtime is doing extremely well, and we've done the basis of that on our original programming. The Starz programming is based more on movies. It's a very interesting asset, but we feel content with what we have right now.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And on political, Vijay, look, I'm not sure where we ended yesterday. I would say, political, definitely, there was a frenzy towards the end and there was a lot of spending going on, so we haven't quite tallied it. Whether or not we set a new record, to be determined, but I would say it certainly accelerated towards the end of the election.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, we actually called the White House and asked them to extend the date for another week so we could take in more revenue but they wouldn't do that.
Operator: Next question comes from Jim Goss with Barrington Research.
James C. Goss - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Time Warner this morning was arguing for a broadcast model similar to that HBO and Showtime are implying with a lot of the program library available for SVOD. And I think, you do that, to some extent, but I'm wondering, how extensive it is right now? Who calls the shots in that area? And what is the monetization opportunity? Is it loyalty and then payback in retrans? Or is there some other monetization opportunity upfront?
Leslie Moonves: Jim, I'm not sure what -- I didn't hear what Time Warner said about a broadcast model. We're very careful about making sure that we don't cannibalize what's on the air and make sure our viewers got an opportunity to see our programming in as many ways possible. We have a very deep library, but I don't quite understand the question.
James C. Goss - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Well, it seemed like they thought if to the extent you can catch up with all of the series, which we can, I think, at least in some of your shows, is that something that's desirable to you? And how that would -- how you would get paid for that if you were to do that more?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Jim, if what you're saying is there's delayed viewing and consumers' habits are changing for binge or catch up, that's absolutely occurring. And I think, that's why Les has said, the live rating means a lot less today than it is even just a year ago. So we are making sure that, A, it's being measured, the ad loads are the same, and we can monetize it. So I just think that, again, the consumption is still ahead of monetization, so that's a good thing, but it creates an opportunity for us. So once again, that's why we have All Access and these other kind of platforms to be able to reach those consumers because they have changed their habits, technology has changed and allowed them to view the content on their terms, and we're going to embrace that.
James C. Goss - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: And as sort of as a corollary, as your own programming library becomes more and more robust, as you've described, do you either desire or even need another cable channel? Or could you repurpose one of the other ones you have to take more full advantage of that library?
Leslie Moonves: I don't think right now we need a cable channel. We're able to monetize our content in a tremendous way without having to acquire a cable channel.
Operator: And that question comes from Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I have 2. The first, you mentioned that CBS All Access will be nationwide. How long it's going to take you to ramp that up?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Marci, it is nationwide. Let's be clear, it's nationwide for all video-on-demand, library, all of that content, and in certain ONO markets, in addition to that, you get a live linear feed of what you're watching on the air. So just the live linear, it's in 1/3 of the country, but the rest of it, video-on-demand, you can watch the next day of the shows for the subscription fee, or our vast library, you can get for that $5.99 a month, today, not tomorrow, today. So that is available.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I'm assuming you're going to add the live feed.
Leslie Moonves: And the 1/3 will expand as we sign up more and more affiliates to join us. So hopefully, by next year, we have most of the country with the live feed, but as Joe said, if you want to watch any episode of NCIS or The Good Wife or Madam Secretary, you can get that today in any part of the country.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Clearly, you're not a subscriber yet, Marci, but we'll give you a free week to turn you on to the service so you can test it.
Leslie Moonves: Would you like us give credit card right now? We'll take it.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes, I'd love to. I can't wait. And then, just a bigger-picture question. There seems to be less of an appetite for off-network syndication. All the networks, cable networks that were buying this programming are focused on originals, and there seems to be a fear in the marketplace that international syndication and SVOD is not going to offset declines in traditional syndication. Can you speak to that?
Leslie Moonves: Well, judging from the numbers that we're seeing that we get between SVOD and all the various deals that we are getting from a variety of sources, we're not worried. The numbers we're selling our new product for are higher than what the old numbers are. And by the way, some of the cable networks that complain, they say they're not buying it, we're not quite seeing it. The Big Bang Theory is still the highest-rated show on Turner, and that's an off-network. But with all the variety of places that you can now sell your programming, the cable nets just become one small piece of it. And the numbers now for every single of our shows are more than they were when maybe cable syndication was a bigger part of it. So there's no fear on our part that we're going to be able to make more money on these shows.
Adam Townsend: Great. Thank you, Marci, and this concludes today's call. Thank you, everyone, for joining us. Have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-07 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President of Investor Relations Sumner M. Redstone - Founder and Executive Chairman Leslie Moonves - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Joseph R. Ianniello - Principal Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Anthony J. DiClemente - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division David W. Miller - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Laura A. Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division David Carl Joyce - ISI Group Inc., Research Division John Janedis - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division William G. Bird - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CBS Corporation's Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Release Teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead, sir.
Adam Townsend: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter of 2014 earnings call. Joining us for today's discussion are Sumner Redstone, our Executive Chairman; Leslie Moonves, President and CEO; and Joe Ianniello, Chief Operating Officer. Sumner will have opening remarks, and we'll turn the call over to Les and Joe who will then discuss the strategic and financial results. We will then open the call to questions. Please note that statements on this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's news releases and securities filings. A webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can be found on the Investors section of our website at cbscorporation.com. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found in our earnings release or on our website. With that, it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Sumner.
Sumner M. Redstone: Thank you, Adam. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm extremely proud of CBS's continued success. Our content is going extremely well. I'm confident we'll stay at the top of our game for many, many years to come. So it gives me great pleasure to turn the call over to my good friend and colleague, the man I rightfully call a super genius, Les Moonves.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you, Sumner, and good afternoon, everybody, and thank you for joining us. Needless to say, these are very exciting times in the media business. When you think about all that has gone on in these last 3 months and even, in fact, these last 3 days, it is truly astonishing. The good news is through all the change and all the noise, we continue to be extremely confident about CBS's growth prospects. We remain fully focused on executing our compelling growth strategy. This includes second quarter EPS that tied our record of $0.76 and adjusted EPS that came in at $0.78, up 4% from a year ago. In the middle of all this success and excitement, there were a number of key positive developments here at CBS since the second quarter began. First, we successfully completed the separation of our Outdoor business. This accentuates that CBS is a content company, and we are fully focused on what we do best. In addition, we are now much closer to a 50-50 split of advertising and non-advertising revenue. More importantly, thanks to this transaction, we were able to retire more than $5 billion of our stock. And in a moment, I'm going to talk about the significant amounts of additional capital that we will be returning to our shareholders per our announcement today. The next key development was the landmark Supreme Court ruling against Aereo. This removes any distraction from our stated $2 billion of retrans and affiliate compensation revenue by 2020, a goal that we are well on our way to achieving. We're very pleased that the highest court in the land reaffirmed the legal rights of content owners. And as we learned subsequently, what we suspected all along, Aereo only had about 75,000 subs nationwide. So a lot of attention for a service that virtually nobody was using. We also had a very successful upfront during the quarter. Yes, there were winners and there were losers in the upfront. And here at CBS, we did very well and better than most people anticipated. We brought in more dollars and commanded higher pricing than anyone else with substantial CPM increases. Yes, volume was down slightly. But given the strength of our fall schedule, we'll be happy selling that extra inventory in scatter. And for the first time, C7 was a major part of our upfront negotiations, including a number of breakthrough deals with key agencies. This will significantly drive our advertising revenue going forward, since more of our viewers will be counted and monetized. All of these developments will help our business, and all of them give us even more confidence in our future. It is because of this confidence and the continued strength of our operations that we have announced today a huge increase in the amount of capital we're returning to investors. This includes a significant expansion of our share buyback program. Our board has authorized an increase to $6 billion, and we will significantly accelerate its pace. This authorization is in addition to $5 billion of stock we already retired this year that I just mentioned. Taken together in a short period of time, this represents more than $11 billion of value and more than 30% of the shares of our company. And today, we also announced a 25% increase in our quarterly dividend, once again, reaffirming our commitment to return value and supporting our confidence in our business going forward. As we have shown, shareholder value is the core CBS commitment, and that is something that will not change. Meanwhile, you've heard recently about the challenges during Q2 in the advertising marketplace, which we saw as well. But we are now seeing pacing improve significantly here in Q3, both nationally and locally, and Q4 will be even better than Q3. Looking ahead, there are a number of additional developments that make us very excited about the back half of '14. For instance, after finishing first once again and, in fact, for the 11th time in 12 years, the CBS Television Network will have the biggest event on television this fall with Thursday Night Football. Never before in the history of network television has the NFL been on Thursday nights. National and local NFL sales are already pacing up strong double digits on Sundays, and Thursdays are doing phenomenally well as well. This, together with the upfront increases I told you about, means network advertising is accelerating nicely in the back half of the year. In addition, since we now have Thursday Night Football, we have the advantage of moving The Big Bang Theory to Monday, so we can strengthen that night as well. And of course, we are obviously pleased to have the cast back and the Big Bang Theory back into production as of this week. We are also very pleased that we lead all broadcast networks with 47 Emmy nominations this year. And this fall, we're adding our extremely profitable wholly owned NCIS franchise with a new spinoff that through prenegotiated licensing deals is guaranteed to make a profit right from the start. Showtime is also poised for a terrific back half, with the second season of Ray Donovan having a great summer and the return of Homeland set for October. This -- there will also be a frenzy of political spending this fall, ramping up here in Q3 and increasing in Q4. And we will have more international and domestic licensing and streaming deals on the syndication front, such as the new, recently completed extension with Netflix for our library of programming here in the U.S. So we feel very good about the quarters ahead and about our long-term growth prospects as a content company going forward. It all begins with the continued success as a CBS Television Network. In addition to winning this past season, CBS is the #1 network this summer. And with Thursday Night Football on its way, we are very confident we will remain #1 for the entire 2014, '15 season as well. And looking beyond that to next summer, we feel very good about our prospects, having already announced our 2015 summer event series, Zoo. Just as we did with Amazon for Under the Dome and Extant, we presold the SVOD rights for this series, this time to Netflix, meaning that Zoo will also be immediately profitable for us. In terms of advertising next season, we will be doing an increasing number of C7 deals, simply because it is a more accurate measurement of all the people watching our shows. The C7 deal will shortly become the only measurement of any relevance. Marketers want to get a more precise count of all the impressions, and overnight ratings and other daily ratings are totally antiquated. We now have VOD, SVOD, AVOD, it's a lot of letters, but it adds up to bigger numbers and viewers and revenue. New technologies are supporting our programs, and the winners are the content creators. In fact, these new platforms and new measurements are helping our whole ecosystem. Many people look at a show like our drama, Elementary, and only see a live plus same-day audience of 9 million viewers on CBS. We look at Elementary and see a big audience that grows to nearly 14 million, when you add in 7-day viewing on DVR, VOD and online viewing, plus a healthy demo boost as well. The audience across all these platforms has built an important program asset for our company that led to huge syndication deals with Hulu and WGN. There are many more examples. This summer, Under the Dome averages about 8 million viewers on the day of air. But after 7 days, that number increases to 13 million. And Extant goes from 9 million viewers to 12 million. And that's just domestic TV viewing. It does not include the significant viewers we get from streaming on Amazon and cbs.com. So clearly, we need to look at the world in a whole new way. What appears to be a moderate hit may actually be a big one. As these trends continue, we will get paid for every viewer bringing in hundreds of millions of new dollars. In addition, one of the things that clearly has changed about our business is that the back end of a show's revenue is now as important, if not more important, than the front end from advertising. Ownership of content is the key to our success. So we're very pleased to have increased the number of shows that we own on our prime time schedule. We will have ownership in 4 out of 5 of our new series on CBS this fall and in more than 70% of our total lineup. Also, in order to grow our portfolio of owned content franchises, CBS Studios is going well beyond the CBS Television Network. We're programming for Showtime, for the CW, for other cable networks and for other broadcast networks, including a straight to series order for ABC. Going forward, we will be producing more and more shows for more and more outlets, including major streaming companies and other emerging distributors. Turning to cable. Showtime continues to succeed on the strength of its original programming. In 2010, Showtime had 1 series with 5 million weekly viewers. In the past 12 months, we've had 6 of them. With Showtime's original content getting better and better, we have now launched 9 successful shows in a row. Our 2 sophomore series, Ray Donovan and Masters of Sex, are performing very strongly for us this summer. And with every episode, they're adding to our library of owned content. And as our collection of owned Showtime hits grow, so too will our syndication revenues, which is now becoming a very meaningful part of our cable segment. Looking ahead, Showtime will also have the highly anticipated return of Homeland in October, and we are very pleased with the continued growth of our Showtime Anytime and SHOWTIME ON DEMAND platforms as well. Turning to Publishing. We had a very solid quarter on the strength of some very big titles. And in the coming months, we're looking forward to some key releases, including books by Stephen King and by Walter Isaacson, whose last work on Steve Jobs was one of the biggest sellers anybody has had in years. Plus, we continue to find new ways to monetize our content digitally. During the quarter, we entered into 2 new deals that expand our e-book subscription business, and we continue to convert more and more titles to digital so that we can increase the ways we monetize them. At our local businesses, we're looking forward to the third quarter, where pacing is increasing significantly and is even better in the fourth quarter. Our improvement is largely due to live events, the NFL and, once again, political advertising. We're set for big midterm election season with gubernatorial elections in 14 of our markets, including what's figured to be hard-fought races in Florida, Illinois, Michigan and Pennsylvania, as well as a number of cantankerous House and Senate races and another wave of ballot measures and propositions in California and Colorado. In each case, both sides are willing to go to great lengths to get their messages out, with increases in super PACs funds fueling their resolve. We are glad to be the beneficiary of this. In addition, our local digital business continued to show solid double-digit growth in revenue and profit. And nationally, CBS Interactive had a terrific quarter, led by 93% growth in revenue at our CBS-branded properties in entertainment, news and sports. So across CBS, we are focused on moving forward as a great content company, with a growing number of ways to monetize that content, starting right here in the third and fourth quarter. Our Outdoor transaction, Aereo victory, strong upfront, #1 network, launch of Thursday Night Football, better measurement, C7 deals, impending political dollars, growing success at Showtime, Netflix extension, increasing ownership of content and on and on and on all give us great confidence in the back half of '14 and into our future beyond that as well. In addition, all of these factors contribute to why we are able to announce today that we've increased our share buyback program to $6 billion, accelerating its pace and also increase our dividend by 25%. Going forward, we will continue to make returning value to shareholders a top priority, and we will continue to run CBS in a way that achieves maximum shareholder returns on the strength of our content. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Joe.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Thanks, Les, and good afternoon, everyone. In just a bit, I'll be giving you some more details about our second quarter results and I'm also going to talk about what's coming up in the back half of 2014. But first, I want to take a moment to update you on the completion of our Outdoor transaction and provide more details on our capital return plan. Last month, we split off the remaining 81% that we own in CBS Outdoor. This entire initiative was a success from start to finish. Beginning with the sale of our European operations last fall to the debt we raised at very attractive rates in the first quarter to the launch of our IPO this spring to obtaining a favorable REIT ruling from the IRS and finally, to completing the exchange offer in July on an accelerated schedule. Please note that since we continue to own CBS Outdoor through the second quarter, its results are presented as discontinued operations in our financial statements today. And because the exchange offer closed after June 30, we will record a gain on the disposition in Q3. Now that the Outdoor separation is complete, we are now focused more than ever on managing our content-centric businesses to drive shareholder returns. Our mix of revenue has become a more favorable blend of advertising, content licensing and subscription fees, including a growing base of contractually committed retransmission revenue, as well as higher payments from our station affiliates. As a result, we will benefit even more from recurring and predictable revenue streams going forward, which will in turn increase our visibility on profits and free cash flow. Clearly, CBS's transformation provides greater financial flexibility and an improved capacity to return value to our shareholders, which will always remain a top priority for us going forward. Just to give you an indication of how the separation of Outdoor and our transformation overall are leading to higher shareholder returns, we spent $2.4 billion to retire 38.5 million shares of our stock in the first 6 months of 2014. Then in July, we retired an additional 44.7 million shares through our Outdoor exchange offer. So in the last 7 months, we have retired more than 83 million shares of our stock, which is approximately 15% of our total shares outstanding. Plus, as you've now heard, we are increasing our share repurchase program to $6 billion, which represents an additional 20% of our market cap at our current stock price. We also plan to significantly increase the pace of our share repurchases, and we intend to be aggressive and opportunistic about it. As part of our overall capital return plan, we are comfortable raising our target leverage ratio to 2.5x gross net to OIBDA, and we will continuously revisit this ratio as we execute on our revenue diversification efforts, which we believe will provide further capacity over time. In addition to all of that, as you've also heard, we are raising our quarterly dividend by 25%, starting with the next payment date on October 1 of this year. And with respect to all the talk about M&A, let me be clear, we obviously look at every opportunity that arises within our industry. But here at CBS, we will continue to be very disciplined in our approach to M&A, and we do not see anything out there that would change the capital return plan we just laid out. Lastly, I'd like to add, we continue to look for ways to optimize our debt portfolio by taking advantage of favorable capital markets to lower our interest expense and extend our maturities. Looking at the second quarter, there were 2 significant items that affected comparability with 2013. First, we had large international syndication sales of both CBS- and Showtime-owned content in Q2 of 2013. And second, last year, CBS broadcast the semifinals of the NCAA men's basketball tournament, which were on Turner this year. Because of this impact of these 2 items, our quarterly revenue came in at $3.2 billion compared with $3.4 billion in 2013 and why OIBDA was $801 million versus $848 million a year ago. Even with that, our OIBDA margin was steady at a healthy 25% because of our disciplined cost management efforts. And as Les said, our adjusted EPS, which excludes Outdoor, was up 4% to $0.78. Including Outdoor in our results, second quarter EPS was $0.76. And on a year-to-date basis, adjusted EPS was $1.61, up 7% from 2013. Turning to our operating segments. The 2 items I just outlined obviously affected certain business units more than others, including Entertainment, where revenue came in at $1.8 billion and OIBDA came in at $376 million. Specifically, we had large, international sales last year that included 684 episodes of all 3 CSIs, which boosted Entertainment revenues significantly. And in Local Broadcasting, the lack of the Final Four games this year, as well as the loss of a major sports contract, led to revenue of $665 million and OIBDA of $238 million. Our Local Broadcasting OIBDA margins still came in at a solid 36%. In cable, second quarter revenue of $516 million was in line with last year when we had several international syndication deals for Dexter. As we continue to own more and more of our Showtime content and license it around the world, we will recognize the revenue as we make those shows available, so looking at revenue on a year-to-date basis will be more meaningful. Year-to-date cable revenue was up 6%. Cable OIBDA for the quarter was also up 6% to $219 million, driven by growth in our high-margin affiliate revenue. And our cable OIBDA margin grew 200 basis points to 42%. In Publishing, higher print sales led to double-digit growth in both revenue and OIBDA. Revenue of $211 million was up 12%; and OIBDA of $24 million was up 14%, driven by a broad list of strong titles. Turning to cash flow and our balance sheet. Our quarterly free cash flow was affected by the timing of payments for our new, 9-year Sunday NFL contract, as well as our Thursday Night Football deal. We expect fourth quarter free cash flow to be the beneficiary of this timing. In addition, we exited the quarter with $261 million of cash on hand, and our leverage ratio was 1.9x. Now let me give you a few observations about the back half of 2014 in each of our revenue categories. In advertising, we see national trends accelerating. Meaning, we see third quarter better than the second and fourth quarter better than the third. This is driven by more original summer programming, the addition of Thursday Night Football and higher rates from this year's upfront. At the local level in Q3, TV stations are pacing to be up double digits, while radio is pacing to be up low single digits, led by political spending on midterm elections. Content licensing and distribution will get a lift in the second half of the year from the syndication sale of Hawaii Five-0 and Blue Bloods, as well as the new domestic Netflix library agreement that Les mentioned. And in affiliate and subscription fees, we will continue to show steady increases in retrans and payments from our station affiliates, as well as in premium cable fees. As mentioned, we are well on our way to achieving $2 billion in revenue from retrans and our station affiliates in 2020. In summary, we said all along that upon the completion of our Outdoor transaction, we would increase our capital return policy. Today's announcements reaffirmed that commitment and demonstrate once again that returning value to our shareholders is our #1 priority. We're also confident that our continued success will come from the significant organic growth we see ahead from our existing assets, including the strategic steps we are taking to own more of our content and monetize it across emerging platforms. Taken together, our commitment to aggressively return value to shareholders and to fully capitalize on the strength of our content, position CBS to drive EPS well into the future. And with that, Tom, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from David Bank with RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Two quick ones. The first, Joe, just to follow up on your commentary on the target leverage ratio. Would -- if you're currently 1.9 and you're sort of comfortable going up to 2.5x, would the full exercise of the newly expanded program to $6 billion by year-end fiscal '15, would that kind of get you to the 2.5x range? Or is there more room? And what would you do with the dry powder, is the first question. The second one is probably more directed at Les. I don't know if you guys listened to the Time Warner call yesterday. But Jeff Bewkes commented on the fact that the original programming is kind of getting higher ratings in something like 20% of the schedule right now and the Turner nets is original moving toward 40%. And so my question -- and at the same time, you're seeing new players come in like WGN America buying some of your higher quality off-net syndication. So I was kind of curious as to your view net-net, is the demand for sort of traditional off-net syndication, is it going up? Is it staying the same? Or is it declining as you look at the way the off-net guys -- or the cable nets are programming?
Leslie Moonves: Let me do the second one first. It's a little ironic that Jeff would say that when the highest-rated show on Turner is the Big Bang Theory, which is off-net, and they are running the sprockets off it. So by the way, Time Warner also owns that show. So it's a little -- that is an odd statement. I know people are doing more original programming, but the big hits are still selling very well in off-net. And there's so many other places to do it now with SVODs. So we have little concern about that. And then when you judge by what we've done with some of our other deals with Blue Bloods and Elementary and Good Wife, we've been able to syndicate them across the board in multi-platform to the maximum usage.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And David, on your first part of -- as far as the target leverage ratio, what I would say is look, we're going to be -- we're going to get there in short order. But obviously, as we grow EBITDA, it would be creating additional capacity. Again, at these stock price levels, again, we said every dollar of excess free cash flow is going back to buy back our stock. So you should expect that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Joe, I'm sure you won't mind if we take another stab at that because it is a big announcement on the buyback. I guess, maybe a pointed question, which is when do you look to reach that gross leverage target? Because as you mentioned, you're at 1.9 and obviously you've got a big back half. So in our numbers, you'll be 1.7, 1.75 by the end of the year. When do you plan to raise that additional capacity to reach 2.5 gross?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. Look, I think what we said, $6 billion. Just to give you a time frame of the $6 billion, we think that's, again, Ben, somewhere between 12 and 24 months. And again, we're going to look at the EBITDA and the additional capacity we'd grow over time. So we'll look at and we'll continue to revisit the 2.5. I think the 2.5, we're comfortable with given our mix of assets now. And so I think, again, just saying, if you're looking at $6 billion over 12 to 24 months compared to an underlying -- what we were doing historically of $1.2 billion, I mean you get a sense of the massive increase that is.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: That is very clear. And then, Les, there is certainly some concern out there around the licensing business growing over time. It's about 1/3 of your revenue. It's very high margin. It's been a tremendous story the last few years. Can you just spend some time on particularly international, what's going on there? It's a big -- probably a bigger business than maybe people realize. And then how you think about -- what you've learned on the SVOD front historically about whether there's some cannibalization of the core business as you release more and more product into the SVOD window because I think people have some concerns there as well.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. Look, the international business continues to grow substantially. One of the things that has changed obviously is the great expansion internationally of both Netflix and Amazon. So it becomes a much more competitive marketplace in just about every one of the international territories. So you're seeing huge international numbers, bigger than I've ever seen before. When you announce a new fall show that's a drama, the numbers are truly extraordinary with rarely a number being below $2 million per episode for a brand-new drama and north of $3 million for some of the more established hits. So that's fairly substantial. In terms of the SVOD marketplace, once again, we are able to make deals consistently. As we said, we've expanded our Netflix library. We are extremely pleased that our current 2 summer shows have deals with Amazon and the next year show has a deal with Netflix. Plus each one of the shows that go into syndication, we devise new ways of selling it. So each one is done very differently than before, where you sell it to cable, you sell it to other -- to syndication channel, as well as doing SVOD. So the future is extremely bright in those areas. And every single piece of product we've been able to maximize, which is why we say when we announced NCIS: New Orleans with a huge international deal and already in place, so they know what it is, and sort of guaranteed deals domestically as well. That's why we confidently say we're going to be north of probably $5 million an episode before the show even goes on the air, not including advertising, which is partially why it's on the air because it's a huge profit maker from day 1. And the market -- so people who are worried about the marketplace, I think those are the cable networks who are trying to shave pricing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I have 2 questions. Given the events over the last month and the hyper-focus on HBO -- you obviously have Showtime, which has turned out to be jewel. It's amazing that it almost went to Viacom. But you do have Showtime. And I'm just wondering, are you thinking about changing anything in the model to either accelerate growth from -- granted a very high pace, but accelerate growth or do anything to highlight the value of this asset? And then I'll ask my second question after.
Leslie Moonves: Showtime, the great news about Showtime is truly every single year, their subs have gone up, and obviously their fees have gone up every single year. Plus, as we mentioned, we have added the syndication element to it because more and more of the programming on Showtime is owned programming. Look, Showtime Go -- Showtime Anytime was a little behind HBO GO, but we've now sort of caught up. We're in most of the country. And the SHOWTIME ON DEMAND platform is growing. So we are also looking at opportunities for Showtime to expand on different platforms. It's been a great growth story, and we plan on continuing it as long as we continue to do the kind of programs that we're doing, and I think we have more coming up in the fall.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then on content, which -- I mean, you clearly emphasized that CBS is now or has become a content-centric company. You're clearly scaling up. You mentioned all the companies -- internal companies you sell to or it's companies that you have an interest in, and now outside companies, third parties. How tough is it to sell to other networks when everybody else is trying to sell internally to themselves?
Leslie Moonves: For the first time, we sold the show to ABC. It's the first time we have done that. And I think it's about the content. Obviously, our studio looks to sell to CBS first and obviously a different kind of programming to the CW. But I think the world -- look, as soon as the new Fox team was announced, I got a call from Peter Rice saying, "We want to buy programs from you." So I think there's an openness to doing that, and our studio is selling to other cable channels. Plus, I think shortly, you're going to hear us being in business with some of the SVODs with original program. So there's still a great deal of growth. I think we have over 30 shows in production, and that's only going to grow.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony DiClemente with Nomura.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Les, you guys were presumably a logical candidate to acquire CNN if that would have come up for sale as part of Fox, Time Warner. My guess is that there indeed was some meaningful industrial logic there. You probably thought about it given the redundancies of news bureaus globally. So I guess the question is with Fox having withdrawn their bid, is this still possible on the CNN front? And then I have a follow-up.
Leslie Moonves: Yes. Obviously, when the Fox announced, was they said, "Oh, they'd have to sell CNN." We would be a logical place since we don't have a cable news network. We thought about it. We talked about it. It's obviously something that's not going to happen. So it becomes irrelevant. The numbers they were throwing around were sort of silly, and we wouldn't have looked at it on that basis. And so it never became a very serious conversation because until Fox was going through with this deal, and it absolutely became available, would we have looked at it. But once again, as Joe mentioned, we're pretty happy with our assets right now, and I doubt we would look to do anything with something like that.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And then for Joe. Joe, could you just remind us of the cadence of your reverse comp renewals and how they come up over the next couple of years? Wondering if you can just update us on kind of the nature of complexion of your conversations with the independent affiliates, particularly now in a post-Aereo, potentially stronger retransmission content ecosystem?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. We have a few major ones coming up at the end of this year, Anthony, with LIN and Gray. But a majority come up, really, in '15 and '16. So we'll get a shot to reset to fair market value on the station affiliate side. And on the retrans side, obviously we have DISH up this year and we have another 2 major deals up next year for about 13% of our footprint. So I think, again, we're going to have a nice shot to really adjust some pretty old deals to fair market value.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Morris with Guggenheim Securities.
Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Two questions. The first one, obviously, you've been very committed to returning capital. It's a big part of your use of cash flow. I think it does raise some concern about reinvestment in the business. So you talked about programming. Can you help quantify a bit what the investment in programming looks like? How -- does that grow? What's the gating factor to that growth? As an investment, is it just the appetite out there from your partners? How do you push that? So I guess, what does the trajectory of growth in programming look like versus growth and your return of capital? And then secondly, just with respect to Aereo, the numbers were somewhat surprisingly low, given all the hype that there was around it. And I'm curious to your take on the mobile demand for your products. You made some investments, but is it -- are we still just well too early for that to become a revenue driver, and Aereo was kind of evidence of that? Or is it something that you can push now that, that's behind you?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. Mike, it's Joe. As far as the growth in programming, look, first and foremost, the best ROI we can deliver to shareholders is create another hit. And so that by far is where the dollars go. You've seen an NCIS spinoff, a CSI spinoff. We're going to try to continue to create billion-dollar franchises. So we never starve investing in our business. You're seeing that with our costs. It's demonstrated with the NFL Thursday Night package. So rest assured, reinvestment in the business is ahead of our excess returns. I think the reinvestment is what drives the excess returns, quite frankly. And obviously, the summer programming, you can see many more original hours in which we own that content. So I think, again, it's really across the board. It's a core part of our strategy we've been very consistent with. As far as Aereo, look, the demand for our content, I think speaks for itself. I think we see that. And as consumers evolve and want it in different forms or shapes, we're going to make sure our content's there. And so -- but we own those intellectual property rights. And if we want to do that with a partner, they have to negotiate with us for those rights to do that. So we're very open to those types of conversations, but we need to be paid fair market value.
Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Do you think a move for more mobile has to come from the MVPD side? Or is it something that you can start pushing a bit given some of the investments that you make?
Joseph R. Ianniello: No, I don't think it needs to come from the MVPD side. If history tells us anything, they move actually kind of slow. So I think it may be coming from other technology companies or others that push that. But I think it's really driven by the consumer. And I think the consumer demand is saying that when we look at broadband only homes, et cetera, around this country. So again, very exciting for us for owning all of this content. And now that it's evolved, I think more and more of it should come back to the people who create it.
Operator: Next question comes from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just circling back to your commentary about the C7 deals and the upfront. Could you give us a sense about how substantial they were? And do you think that they may have depressed sort of the headline CPM increases in getting some of those deals done?
Leslie Moonves: Yes. You know what? It's hard to quantify how many of them, and we're not going to say how many of them. But once again, it is moving that way. I expect by next year's upfront, it to be 70% -- more than 75% of the deals will be C7s. So we are well on our way to that a year from now. And once again, it's the right way to be. Advertising agencies want it because it's a more accurate way of counting people who are watching our shows. And you saw the lift. I mean, the lift in certain shows is more than 50%. So it's pretty substantial. As I said, we as programmers, have to look at the world in an entirely different way. Nobody should even be looking at overnights anymore. The C7 number is really the number that matters, and it is a substantial amount of money that's gone into it. That's all I could say.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And Alexia, it's Joe. I'd just add that even if a certain amount of advertising is only paid for C3, we have now dynamic ad insertion that we can insert new advertisers to generate more money. So we're going to monetize the consumption one way or another.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And I guess to that point, looking at the world in a whole new way and monetizing this consumption one way or the other, I guess if you fast-forward a couple of years from now and the viewership patterns have really evolved even further, do you think you guys come out in the same place or ahead than you did maybe 10 years ago when everything was more traditional, standard day ratings and CPMs on that?
Leslie Moonves: Alexia, at the end of the day, it's all about content. And clearly, we're heading towards the universe where people are going to watch it when they want it, how they want it. As long as they're counted, as long as we keep being sort of dominant in being the premier supplier of network programming, we're always going to win, we're always going to be fine monetarily. So we're very excited about the future. We're very excited how technology is changing what we're doing. But it still depends on if -- people won't watch bad shows on good devices. It still depends on having a good show.
Operator: Next question comes from David Miller with Topeka Capital Markets.
David W. Miller - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Joe, one question for you. I just want to make sure I have this straight in my head. So I've always thought of CBS's return of capital program as being kind of 3 levels of buyback, okay? There was the $6 billion organic buyback that you guys announced in your second quarter call last year, okay, May of last year. Then there's the $2 billion ASR, which you announced in, I believe, February of this year. You did that very quickly. That's done. Then there's the share exchange, which you did all in one tranche, which is pretty incredible, if I might add that. The $6 billion today, I just want to make sure I understand, is that just absolutely purely organic again? Or does that include a portion of the first level that wasn't as of yet completed as of today?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. Look, the way -- it's a timing thing, David. I think you've got to look at the $6 billion as a fresh $6 billion, $6 billion kind of from today over the next 12 to 24 months. And as necessary, along the way, if we need to reload, we'll reload again and again and look at the ratio. So I think, again, you've got to look at more in actual than what we did over the last 7 months. That's done. The amount we bought back the year before is done. And we're going to execute. So yes, it's a little bit fungible in the authorization. But I think we were clear in that the pace in the buyback is going to increase significantly again because we have the capacity.
David W. Miller - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then, Les, on this whole C3 versus C7 sort of vernacular that's going on, we had thought just going into the upfront process that maybe you guys would sacrifice price and then sell more volume on the lower price. And it looks like what happened was you did sacrifice price, but volume just didn't come up to the level we thought because you guys sacrificed price. So what gives you the -- it sounds like you're very confident about the second half in terms of a lot of dynamic soaking up that scatter inventory. Is it all football? Is it football soaking up that inventory? Is it higher ratings? Is it the economy? Well, just what gives you that level of confidence that you talked about in your prepared remarks?
Leslie Moonves: All right, number one, David, I respectfully disagree. I don't think we sacrificed price, particularly. I was very happy with our CPM growth, which was fairly substantial. And in terms of volume, I think we went from selling 78% or 79% of our inventory to approximately 74%. So all it means is I have 5% more of my inventory to sell in scatter. Now that could be football at very high pricing or other programming. Once again, we are not worried because I think in 10 of the last 11 years, scatter pricing has been up and, in most cases, substantially from upfront pricing. So we view that only as a positive thing. And going into the fall, especially with Thursday Night Football and more original programming on the air because of that, we're going to have no trouble selling our scatter pricing when you compare the amount that we have and what we have to our competitors.
Operator: Next question comes from Laura Martin with Needham & Company.
Laura A. Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: I love that these numbers you gave on Elementary, Under the Dome and Extant, talking about this 35% to 50% audience lift within the 7-day window. My question is, as we think about economics, the legacy [ph] trends to digital platforms are higher than the network CPM because the audience is younger, but I also understand that the digital platforms are much less [indiscernible] because the monetization generally is weaker. So I'm interested in whether this lift punches above its body weight. Is it actually more additive to economics in the audience lift? Or is your gut feel that today it's less additive [ph] because of the immaturity of the nascence of the platforms?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Laura, it's Joe. I'll take that. It obviously helps it because obviously the younger viewers that are watching it on these other devices and in mediums is obviously going to be very attractive to advertisers. So I think once you count it -- you count that in, I think you're going to see the broadcast rating skew younger and larger. And the gap between broadcasting cable will be further demonstrated. So I think that's a -- it's going to be a nice point for advertisers to really get behind as that audience grows.
Leslie Moonves: And you made a very valid point. As those numbers are up 35% to 50%, a large chunk of them are in the younger demographic. A bigger chunk that watches it live. So it will be, by definition, more valuable viewers.
Laura A. Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, Joe, just on the back half, like you say, you are very confident on the back half. Can you give us any margin guidance for the second half versus the first half?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. Look, we don't give margin guidance, Laura. I think we've demonstrated that we're able to manage our margin. I think, again, as I said, we are investing in our product. Obviously, the new Thursday Night NFL contract wasn't cheap. But again, we think it was the right thing to do. So look, we're going to continue to manage our margins and grow the top line and be focused on that. But again, I think overall, you've seen margins be accretive as these new incremental revenue streams become more and more meaningful.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Jayant with the ISI Group.
David Carl Joyce - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: It's David Joyce here. Just had a couple follow-ons to a couple other questions. One on the reverse comp. We had kind of the earlier working assumption that you would get half or a little more than half of the retrans fees from the non-owned TV stations. Is that going to be creeping up given the investments in the programming now? And where do you see that getting to by mid-2020? Secondly, on the dynamic ad insertion, I was just wondering how widely distributed is that at this point for you. And when do you think that capability for CBS will be fully distributed?
Leslie Moonves: I'll take the first one, and then Joe can take the second. In terms of reverse comp, initially when reverse comp came into play, everybody sort of said, "Well, it should be 50-50." And that was sort of the rule of thumb. It's changed quite a bit since then. Obviously, the retrans numbers have gotten higher that some of our affiliates have gotten. And obviously, our programming is stronger. So we don't use that as a basis. We actually are now calling it a program fee, which is a more appropriate term to acknowledge that. And that 50-50 no longer is even a base that we use. We decide what we think is fair. It generally is higher than the 50% number. And we negotiate on that basis. And once again, we're looking at the station groups. They're all doing very well. And they're doing well primarily because of network programming, both in prime time and in sports. So we feel it's a fair proposition for both sides.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And for DAI, we have deals with all of the major players now. And so you're going to see that kind of roll out and scale up with the new season.
Operator: Next question comes from John Janedis with Jefferies.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Les, how bifurcated is the ad market? You talked about some softness. But I mean, on properties like the NFL on Thursday and I assume many others of yours are selling well. So is the impact on you more so that there's some big categories that are weak and affecting sell-out and pricing across the market? And is the pickup in the third quarter broad across categories?
Leslie Moonves: It's -- the pickup is across all the categories. And the pacing, as I said, nationally and locally is going up quite a bit. The second quarter was a softer quarter, which happens from time to time. It also involved a lot less live programming and events like that. So yes, the NFL is selling something like -- on Sunday, the package is up 30% to 40%, and the Thursday Night package is up substantially. In addition, because of Thursday Night, we're going to have more live programming and that goes on in the third quarter and the fourth quarter. And that's going to help us quite a bit. So I wouldn't call it bifurcated. I'd just say, look, occasionally there's a soft quarter. The important thing for us is that picking up substantially in the third and the fourth would be better than the third.
Operator: Next question comes from Alan Gould with Evercore.
Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I've got 2 questions. First, Les, in this new on-demand world, it seems like the repeats aren't playing as well as it used to unless it's a megahit, like a Big Bang Theory. Does this mean that you, besides the summer season, will have to have program -- more original programming and less repeats?
Leslie Moonves: Yes. I'm mean, we're already doing that. Yes, there's no question, the repeats aren't doing quite as well as they used to. So we are definitely trying to pack in our schedule with as many original programming. That's what's sort of launched our summer programming idea when the repeats are in the summer weren't doing very well and we were able to get such good pricing both internationally and SVOD. So that will go on throughout the year that you get a better ROI on original programming, especially when you have ownership, and you can cash in on the back end. So you're seeing that. One of the advantages of Sunday night football, Thursday Night Football once again, you're talking about 24 hours of original programming that can be pushed back into the rest of the year, which will lead us to have more original programming throughout the year and less repeats and more live programming. So it's definitely changed somewhat, but we've taken advantage of it.
Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: And if I could follow up with a second question. The Netflix extension, can you give us some idea how this -- or the new Netflix deal, I should say, as opposed to extension, how this compares with your original deal from 3 years ago?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Alan, it's Joe. Yes, I would just say, look, it's not as large in terms of the number of titles. But I think -- again, I think it's critical to emphasize how Netflix -- we continue to extend our relationship with Netflix and broaden it, again, domestically and internationally. So again, I think they -- if they want some less product, we're happy to do that. But they still have to go through CBS because of the amount of volume we do have and our shows are working on their platform.
Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Now is this just U.S.? Or does this include also the 6 new countries they're going into?
Joseph R. Ianniello: This was just U.S.
Operator: We'll take our next question from William Bird with FBR.
William G. Bird - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: First, I was wondering if you could talk about Nielsen's move to multiscreen currency and whether or not that changes your windowing strategy. And then separately, x Thursday Night Football, could you talk about how network is pacing in the September quarter?
Leslie Moonves: Obviously, everything Nielsen does is a positive for us. They have been a little behind in their ability to account for C3, C7, online, other areas. They are doing a full court press to improve that, and a lot of the advances that they're doing clearly are beneficial to us. So we're very pleased with that. In terms of the pacing, without football, it's very good. It's much higher than it had been, and we're pleased with it.
Operator: And that question comes from Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Joe, I have 2 for you. And I'm sorry, I'm going to ask another share repurchase question. I think... So I just -- are you going to have a more opportunistic pace per quarter instead of just a flat pace per quarter? I think we're just trying to figure that out.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. I think the answer is yes. I mean, I think that's why in our prepared remarks, we didn't want to just kind of buy just if the sun comes up. So I think we're going to be smart about this and look for opportunity. But again, that being said, is we are going to be aggressive because we do have the capacity. So I don't think you should look for an even quarter each and every quarter to doing that. Obviously, in this third quarter, the first 45 days here -- the first whatever days that's gone, we were out of the market with the Outdoor exchange and earnings. So by definition, we're going -- it's going to be a little bit spread differently over the quarters. But if there's an opportunity, we're going to go in heavy.
Leslie Moonves: And we're going to restart immediately.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then a question on the TV side. The stations I think were down 6% in the quarter. And I know you mentioned some tough comps. Do you have an apples-to-apples growth number?
Joseph R. Ianniello: For Q2?
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. Underlying, Marci, was probably down low single digits.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Can you remind us how much exposure you have to national versus local?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. I think our stations skew a little bit more national. I think local did perform a little bit better. I think one category, in particular on auto, probably shifted money to live events, maybe the World Cup or other things in Q2. I think the good news is we're seeing that come back in Q3 with all of the live events and originals we talked about. So it is our largest category, auto, for local. So we're excited that it's -- we see it accelerating.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And I have one last small one. With the consolidation of the affiliate groups, is that going to have any impact on what you can get from them from reverse comp?
Joseph R. Ianniello: No, we don't see it have any impact of what we ask for or what we get. We hope it gives them more strength to go get higher retrans dollars on that end. But we have a view of what fair market value is for our content, and we get those same fees in markets where we own stations. So we're feeling really good about our position in those negotiations. And obviously, they're doing that to get some more financial strength and wherewithal. So that means it's -- they have the ability to pay. So that's got to be a good thing.
Adam Townsend: And this concludes today's call. Thank you, everyone, for joining us. Have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-08 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President of Investor Relations Sumner M. Redstone - Founder and Executive Chairman Leslie Moonves - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Joseph R. Ianniello - Principal Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division Anthony J. DiClemente - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division David W. Miller - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Laura A. Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CBS Corporation First Quarter 2014 Earnings Release Teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. And at this time, I'd like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead, sir.
Adam Townsend: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter 2014 earnings call. Joining me for today's discussion are Sumner Redstone, our Executive Chairman; Leslie Moonves, President and CEO; and Joe Ianniello, Chief Operating Officer. Summer will have opening remarks, and we'll turn the call over to Les and Joe, who will then discuss the strategic and financial results. We will then open the call up to your questions. Please note that statements on this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed on CBS Corporation's news releases and securities filings. A webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can be found on the Investors section of our website at cbscorporation.com. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial measures related to this call can be found in our earnings release or on our website. And with that, it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Sumner.
Sumner M. Redstone: Thank you, Adam. Good afternoon, everyone. CBS has begun the year 2014 in a position of great strength. I couldn't be more pleased. We are building for another terrific year. Les and his team are doing everything right, creating long-term success for our shareholders. Here to tell you about it is CBS' President and CEO, my good friend and colleague, the man I rightfully call a super genius, Les Moonves.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you, Sumner. Good afternoon, everybody, and thanks for joining us. I'm extremely pleased to tell you that CBS has turned in record first quarter profits across the board once again. OIBDA was up 2% to $930 million. Operating income was also up 2% to $818 million, and EPS was up 7% to $0.78, matching our all-time high for any quarter in our history. In addition, we had a very strong revenue quarter, given that we are competing against the Super Bowl 1 year ago. If not for that, our revenue would have been a record as well. And remember, last year's Super Bowl was also very profitable for us, which makes today's record profits all the more impressive. So we have begun 2014 in very good shape, and we are poised to perform even better in the back half of the year. In a few weeks, we will launch a summer schedule featuring a great deal more original programming than ever before, almost all of which we own. Then in the fall, we will build our position as the top-rated network in all of television with the addition of Thursday Night Football on CBS. And also in the back half of '14, political spending will ramp up significantly, providing even more growth to our local stations. Along with the strong performance of our base business, we continue to successfully grow our recurring high-margin revenue streams. This year, we've already licensed Blue Bloods and Hawaii Five-0 into syndication across multiple broadcast, cable and streaming platforms, and you will see the benefit from those deals later in '14. The demand for our content overseas is also a terrific story, with first quarter international licensing revenues up 22%. And in retrans and reverse comp, we're increasingly getting paid fair value from all of our distributors. Each new deal we make resets the bar for the next one. This revenue source is rapidly growing, and we are on track and building momentum towards our stated $2 billion in 2020. At the core of all of this success is our content. We took a significant step towards becoming a pure content company when we successfully completed the IPO of CBS Outdoor last month. Joe is going to give you more color on this later, but above all else, the separation of this business will do 2 things for us. First, it will allow us to focus even more on investing, producing and distributing the best content. Second, it will unlock significant value for CBS Corporation shareholders, especially with the recent IRS ruling that enables CBS Outdoor to convert into a Real Estate Investment Trust, a REIT, which means it will return more than 90% of its profits to shareholders in the form of dividends. Thanks in part to this successful Outdoor transaction, CBS Corporation is on track to return about $6 billion in value to our investors this year. As you've heard us say many times, returning value, returning dollars to our shareholders, is a top priority for us, and 2014 will be the biggest year ever in that regard. Now let's take a brief look at each of our businesses starting with Entertainment, and then I'll turn it over to Joe before we take your questions. The CBS Television Network will end the season as the most watched network in the country for the sixth consecutive year, and for the 11th time in the last 12 years. And if you take out sports, we'll win in 25 to 54 and 18 to 49 as well. We'll finish with the #1 drama, NCIS; the #1 comedy, Big Bang Theory; the #1 new comedy, The Millers; and the #1 news program, 60 Minutes. Over the last 9 weeks post-Olympics, CBS has won in viewers every single week, even when we've had repeats up against originals on other networks. And we've won 6 of those 9 weeks in 18 to 49. We are approaching next year's schedule from the same position of strength that we've had for years. 20 shows from this year's #1 lineup have already been renewed, meaning that the bar for new shows to get on to our schedule is much higher than any other network. And the chance of success for our new shows is greater than anywhere else as well. I am extremely excited about the new shows we will introduce next week at our upfront, many of which we will own. Our advantage only increases when you put Thursday Night Football into the mix. The addition of the NFL in prime time will tighten up our schedule, allow us to have more original programming throughout the year and provide us with the best possible platform to promote the rest of our lineup. So suffice it to say, our leadership position is going to continue. This is why I believe CBS will once again lead the marketplace in upfront pricing and volume next season. We have the ratings, the broad-based strength of schedule and the stability that agencies and our clients need going forward. In addition to our success in C3, we are monetizing commercials beyond 3 days as well. Just as we've said would be the case, more and more deals are and will be done in C7. Plus we're beginning to benefit from dynamic ad insertion, which allows us to resell inventory at a later date. If there are advertisers who don't want to pay beyond 3 days or beyond 7 days, we have a solution. We will simply sell that inventory to other advertisers on the fourth day and beyond. Viewing beyond 3 days or 7 days adds millions of viewers and represents a 9-digit opportunity for us. The bottom line is that advances in measurement are catching up with how people are watching our content. And as a result, we're in the early stages of realizing a whole new source of incremental revenue. Looking beyond the fall, another exciting development for us will be the arrival of Stephen Colbert in 2015. This will be a bittersweet moment at CBS because David Letterman has been a huge part of our success for so many years. The good news is we expect Dave's final year to do extremely well as we say goodbye to the man I think is the greatest ever in late-night comedy. Of course, Stephen Colbert is also as talented as they come, and we are extremely confident he can be the best of his generation as well. In our more immediate future, as I said earlier, we're ramping up our summer programming like never before. Last year, the runaway success of Under the Dome surprised even us. And this year, we're expanding to 90 hours of original programming in the summer, including 4 original dramas that we own 100%. Leading the way will be Season 2 of Under the Dome in June, and then in July, we'll have the premiere of Extant starring Oscar-winner Halle Berry and produced by Steven Spielberg. Thanks to our streaming and international deals and the strength we're seeing in ad sales, both of these shows will be profitable from Day 1. And of course, we'll continue to monetize them for years to come. All of this success, along with our roster of long-term sports franchises and our growing ratings at CBS News, is the reason retrans and reverse comp has become such a force for us. Any programming distributor be it cable, satellite or telco, a local broadcaster or over-the-top service provider, needs our lineup of premium content to offer a viable service to its customers. This is why we're so confident in the $2 billion figure we've laid out for you, and it's why we're positioned for continued growth in the years to come regardless of the way audiences choose to view our content. I suppose this is the time to save you the question later by briefly addressing a topic that has gotten way more attention than it deserves, and that is the lovely Aereo. Aereo is theft. Pure and simple. Some are trying to shift the issue by erroneously suggesting it has to do with our prevention of the cloud or either future innovation. This couldn't be further from the truth. We have confidence that the court will find Aereo to be illegal. Regardless of the outcome, though, our growth outlook will be unaffected. We have long-term deals with our MVPD partners, and down the road, we'll distribute our programming in the ways that make the most sense to us financially, all of them attractive. So I am not losing any sleep over Aereo. Moving to Cable Network. Showtime continues to thrive both creatively and financially. We're filling the pipeline with compelling original programming, and more and more we are owning this content. On Sunday, we'll be premiering Penny Dreadful, which is a very classy entertaining thriller. And in 2 months, we'll bring back our 2 highly rated freshman series from last year: Ray Donovan and Masters of Sex. We have ownership in all 3 of these shows, and you can expect they will be driving our Cable Network's results for years to come. As will Emmy-winning Homeland, which also returns for Season 4 this fall. Showtime sports also continues to perform very well, led by our greatly expanded boxing franchise, which had a very exciting fight on Saturday night between Floyd Mayweather and Marcos Maidana. In addition, we continue to expand the reach of our Showtime Anytime service. Subscribers can now watch Showtime programming where they want it, when they want it. Thanks to deals with virtually every MVPD and with streaming partners like Roku and Amazon's new Fire TV. In Publishing, content remains at the center of our success. At Simon & Schuster as well, we had 70 bestsellers during the quarter, including 5 #1s, and we continue to benefit by selling them in the more profitable e-book format. Looking ahead, we have a number of upcoming releases that are getting a lot of buzz and will drive our results in the quarters to come. This includes Hillary Clinton's upcoming memoir called Hard Choices and Stephen King's latest, Mr. Mercedes. Turning to local. Our TV stations continue to benefit from growing retrans fees. And as I mentioned earlier, we're looking forward to a surge in political spending from the many competitive midterm elections where we have major market CBS-owned stations. This includes gubernatorial contests in Illinois, Florida and Pennsylvania; and senate races in Colorado and Michigan, as well as the number of issue campaigns in California. We also had a good quarter in Radio with steady revenue growth in each month along the way and another strong performance by our CBS Sports Radio Network. I also want to update you on the continued progress on our local digital businesses. These sites, including cbsny.com, cbsla.com and 22 others, saw unique users grow by 23% in the first quarter, with mobile users now accounting for half of our total traffic. This continues to be a high-growth business for us with double-digit revenue increases quarter after quarter. So across our businesses, we're delivering terrific results and building our future from a position of great strength. And with the IPO of CBS Outdoor now complete, we have become a company even more focused on producing premium content. Right now, we have over 30 shows in production and are in talks for several more. You'll find these shows on CBS, Showtime, CW and on networks in development owned by other companies and soon on SVOD partners like Netflix and Amazon as well. Creating these shows in-house is the launchpad from which we are just beginning to monetize them. From new models of syndication, including digital streaming, to growing international deals to retrans and reverse comp, to ad sales that take advantage of time shifted viewing, you've seen firsthand how we have strategically affected change and created new growth opportunities. As we continue to manage the company in this way, we're not only posting record results, we're also generating healthy levels of free cash flow. And this is allowing us to return increasing value to our shareholders, including the $6 billion I told you about earlier. So we started this year extremely well, and 2014 is on track to be another record year. The good news is we're still in the early innings of this terrific growth story, and we look forward to updating you on our progress on all the exciting developments ahead. And with that, I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Thanks, Les, and good afternoon, everyone. In a few minutes, I'll be giving you some more color about our first quarter results. And then I'll talk about what we see ahead. But since a lot of the quarter was about Outdoor, I want to start by updating you on our transaction, which is progressing just as we planned. The steps we're taking to split off Outdoor are already unlocking tremendous value and at the same time, they are propelling the transformation of CBS in a way that allows us to focus on what we do best, which is create and monetize our industry-leading premium content. In the last few months, we reached several important milestones with regards to CBS Outdoor. We kicked off the year with the issuance of $1.6 billion of debt, which was primarily used to repurchase shares of our stock. We followed that up by completing an IPO of CBS Outdoor, netting $615 million, and the bulk of those proceeds will also be used to buy back our stock. In addition, we told you last year we were confident we would get a favorable private letter ruling from the IRS to convert this business into a REIT, and last month, we did just that. As a result, we are returning value to shareholders like never before. All told, we used $2 billion in the first quarter to retire more than 31 million shares, including $1.5 billion through an accelerated share repurchase program. And as Les said, at current market prices, we are on track to reduce our equity base by approximately $6 billion in 2014, which is about 17% of our market cap. Let me say that again. This year alone, we are on track to reduce our shares outstanding by about 17%. And as we said before, capital returns will continue to be our focus and our top priority going forward. Earlier today, CBS Outdoor reported its financial results for the first time as a new public entity and posted solid numbers, with constant dollar revenue up over 4%. I'm not going to get into any more specifics here, but we still do own 81% of the company, and we are focused on executing the last part of the transaction, which is a split off. The split off will likely occur in the not-too-distant future, as we work with our banks and the FCC on this last part of the deal. We are proud to say that we have hit every objective that we outlined for you when we launched this bold initiative in early 2013. Now I'm going to provide some more details about our first quarter results, and then I'll discuss what we see ahead for the rest of 2014. Total revenue for the first quarter was $3.9 billion compared with $4 billion last year. As you know, we were comping against the Super Bowl, which contributed more than $280 million from last year's first quarter. Not to mention we also had fewer NCAA March Madness games on CBS in this year's first quarter. Given these non-comparables, we turned in a solid revenue performance this quarter. Breaking down revenue by its components, content licensing and distribution was up 6% driven by 22% growth in international licensing and syndication. The overseas demand for our content continues to be strong, with NCIS and The Good Wife leading the way. Affiliate and subscription fees were up 9%, demonstrating the continued benefit of our newly renegotiated deals in retrans and reverse comp. We have a lot of momentum here, and we are on our way to achieving our stated $2 billion target. And in advertising, underlying revenue was up low single digits. And as I'll discuss in a little bit, we see advertising accelerating in the back half of 2014. And just to highlight our ongoing revenue diversification efforts, advertising represented just 56% of total revenue during the first quarter, even with CBS Outdoor still in our consolidated results. The strong growth in our fast-growing, high-margin revenue sources not only led to record first quarter profits, but it also drove the expansion of our OIBDA margin to 24%, another first quarter high for us. In addition, EPS of $0.78 tied an all-time quarterly record. Even though it included $12 million of interest expense, which is more than $0.01 a share from the nonrecourse debt issued by CBS Outdoor. So despite this interest expense and the comparison to last year's Super Bowl, we were able to achieve our best-ever first quarter profits. Now let's turn to our operating segments. Entertainment revenue was $2.3 billion compared with $2.5 billion in Q1 of 2013. Last year's Super Bowl and fewer March Madness games in this year's first quarter affected our revenue comparison by 11 percentage points. So underlying Entertainment revenue was actually up low single digits. Entertainment OIBDA was a very robust $457 million. And as a result of higher international licensing revenue, we expanded our OIBDA margin for this segment to 20%. In Cable Networks, first quarter revenue of $537 million grew 12%, led by 3 main items: the licensing of our Showtime programming, particularly the sale of the last 4 seasons of Dexter; higher affiliate fees; and our move into boxing, including a Canelo Alvarez pay-per-view fight during the quarter. We see continued growth in all 3 of these areas, as we increase our focus on owning more Showtime content, negotiating new affiliate deals and expanding our presence in sports. Cable OIBDA of $259 million also increased 12%, and the cable OIBDA margin held steady at 48%. Turning to Publishing. We continue to achieve higher profits from the shift to digital. OIBDA was up 8% to $13 million in the first quarter while revenue was down from $171 million to $153 million, principally driven by the availability of titles. The more profitable e-books represented nearly 30% of total Publishing sales for the first quarter. In Local Broadcasting, first quarter revenue was $626 million. Like Entertainment, the comparison for TV stations was affected by last year's Super Bowl and fewer March Madness games we had this year. Underlying growth for our TV stations were up mid-single digits. Meanwhile, Radio was up 2%, with double-digit increases in several categories, including travel, health care, telecom and Entertainment. Local Broadcasting OIBDA in the first quarter was up 1% to $200 million, and the OIBDA margin expanded to 32%. Turning to cash flow and our balance sheet. We're off to another strong start in terms of free cash flow, which came in at $485 million for the first quarter. We also exited the quarter with $311 million of cash on hand, which, by the way, excludes the proceeds from the Outdoor IPO, which closed on April 2. As I highlighted for you 1 minute ago, we will continue to use our excess cash to return value to shareholders. Beyond the Outdoor transaction, the visibility we have in our base business and in our fast-growing, high-margin revenue streams gives us great confidence in our ability to generate strong free cash flow going forward. Now let me give you a few observations of what we see ahead for the rest of 2014 in each of our revenue categories. At local, our TV and Radio stations, as well as CBS Outdoor, which is obviously still important to us, are pacing to be up low single digits for the second quarter. With political campaigns kicking into high gear later this year, local advertising revenue should accelerate in the third and fourth quarters. And at the network, we see momentum building throughout the back half of 2014 with more summer original programming, Thursday Night Football starting this fall and higher ad rates from this year's upfront, which we expect will be strong for us. In addition, the backdrop of a solid macro environment should bode well for the advertising industry in general. Content licensing and distribution revenue was also set for a strong 2014, with our syndication and streaming deals for Hawaii Five-0 and Blue Bloods kicking in later this year. We continue to successfully launch new own franchises for CBS, CW and Showtime, and you'll see more of this next week at our upfront. This strategy provides a pipeline for content-driven growth, both domestically and internationally, for many years to come. And in affiliate sales we are positioned to see continued growth from the new deals we signed last year, as well as increases in all existing deals. In addition, we have a retrans renewal with a major satellite company and a number of TV affiliates deals coming up later this year. We have great confidence in our ability to execute these contracts at rates that reflect the fair value of CBS. So in summary, as you can see, with the many growth prospects before us, 2014 is shaping up to be another record year for profits. And with the completion of our Outdoor initiative in sight, 2014 will also be a transformative year in the evolution of CBS. Once the separation of our Outdoor business is complete, CBS will derive nearly half of its revenue from fast-growing non-advertising sources, including content licensing and affiliate compensation. As a result, CBS will become an even stronger company with a more diversified revenue mix and many opportunities to grow our business. We see a clear path for success and we're feeling very confident about our future. And with that, Tom, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Les, can you talk a little bit more about the upfront, particularly the move to C7, as well as the NFL? How does that change, if at all, how you guys are going into the negotiations, and how you think you're going to be pricing your inventory? And maybe you can expand the answer to thinking about how the increase in measurement on time shifting actually turns into real revenue growth. I mean, I think we all have a realistic view that it takes a long time for the ad market to shift how people behave, but can you give us a sense for your optimism level on sort of really driving revenue growth from those changes?
Leslie Moonves: Yes. I'm not going to come out with a prediction on the upfront. Suffice it to say, we're very encouraged by what we see out there. There's going to be winners and losers, as there are every year. We're looking forward to the upfront. Obviously, having the NFL on Thursday Night tightens the inventory a great deal for us, and obviously, sports is sold somewhat differently. But prime time football will be a very high number. In addition, we'll spread out more originals throughout the season, and that should go on. More and more of the viewing obviously is increasing to a C3 number. So post live viewing, we're seeing -- like on a show like Elementary, it's more than 4.5 million people are watching it after the live broadcast. And we have more than 6 or 7 shows that get more than 3 million viewers that's just on C3. When you start adding in C7, that number will go up significantly more as well. What's happened -- and frankly, advertisers adapted fairly quickly to the shift to C3. Advertisers -- what people don't understand is, they want -- they want the large audiences. They want every viewer counted, because it means their advertising are being watched by more people. As the world expands, and once again as I said, you're going to see more and more C7 deals. They're going to want those extra 4 days. And when that doesn't occur, once again, we can sell it in different ways. So we can't wait to get the selling season starting. We're only going to have 6 nights to sell plus football. So our numbers are going to go up significantly because of that. And when you look at what we're going to do with advertising in the summer, and more originals throughout the year, I expect our numbers to be up quite a bit.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is for Les. So much of your success has been, and should continue to be, coming from your success in programming. And in part, it's because the programming's worked, in part because you've done like such innovative deals -- just thinking like Netflix. Before you did this deal, everybody was so worried that it would kill the business, and then -- I mean, you made such a great deal. The same thing with syndication, The Good Wife, you sold to multiple buyers. So I guess the question is, as you think about the next 3 to 5 years, how do you think about, I guess, a couple of things, the additional buyers like OTT, whether it's DISH or DIRECTV how you're thinking about that, more originals -- are CBS and Showtime at peak? Or can you scale it further? And even digital rights, you did that hard fought battle with Time Warner Cable 1 year ago. How do you kind of, I guess -- how do you resolve the differences between the Time Warner Cable and the Comcast contract?
Leslie Moonves: Yes. Look, what's been great about our company, I'm really proud, is we've been very nimble. There are more buyers getting into the ballgame every single day. So now when you look at the SVOD players that are becoming a big part of it, you're right. At the time when there literally were people out there that said, "If you do business with Netflix, we're going to sell your stock." To people realization -- the people's realization that what a great new revenue stream. And as we take out any product to market, there's a whole new world out there of buyers, and now we're looking down the road at other people getting into the marketplace. SVOD's becoming bigger. Cable is still buying. TV stations are still buying. So I think innovation is the right word. We take a property, and we acknowledge how quickly do we want to sell it to SVOD, what our cable prosperity for the shows, and each show is a different animal. Once again, our capacity is continuing to grow, because as we've shown in the summer, the back end is now becoming as important as the front end. That's something that was unheard of 5 years ago. So with Under the Dome and Extant, these are deals we couldn't have made 5 years ago. We couldn't have afforded to do it. And as I said it with both of these shows, they are profitable from Day 1, as you enter the marketplace. Let me go back to saying we are nimble. We do an analysis. There are new buyers, there are new people that want the content, both online and over the air. We are looking at OTT in every way, shape or form. But as you know, and we've stated this, unless we get paid appropriately for it, we won't do those deals. But it is definitely our intent to increase the amount of content that we own. You will see that next week in our schedule. You'll see it with Showtime. We just announced some new shows with The CW. And as I said, we're developing 4 other places. So content is our product. We are programmers at our core. We are product people. And as the world evolves, we're going to be well positioned for the future.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And can you discuss the Time Warner Cable, like how you resolved the differences in the contracts?
Leslie Moonves: Yes. Once again, we're in discussion with Comcast about that and obviously, there are certain things in one contract and certain things in the other, both -- there are advantages and disadvantages. But we expect, as we've done in the past with Comcast, to come to resolutions that are satisfactory for both parties. And that's our expectation as we go further.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just one quick one to Joe, how are you thinking about leverage? Like in a post CBS Outdoor world?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, I think, Jessica, look. We're obviously creating a lot of financial capacity. We're focused on getting the Outdoor deal done, and we're going to do that. I think, again, even if you looked at the weighty agency calculations, you see sufficient capacity there. So within our ratings. So we're going to continue to look at that in the coming months. But that's going to be my focus over the next couple of months.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Bank with RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I guess I have 2 questions. The first is, can -- Les, Joe, can you remind us what the gating factors are on timing for the exchange offer? I mean, like is there a legal regulatory or sort of tax requirement that you wait a certain period of time? Or is it just kind of as soon as practical? And the second question is, I know you always have a -- you have a pretty good track record of sort of underpromising and overdelivering on this kind of stuff. It seems to me that there might be a bit of conservatism built on the capital returns trajectory to me. You have $2 billion of cash that you raised from the IPO and levering the company for the IPO, $3 billion from the exchange, and so your trajectory would imply like $1 billion of cash buybacks from cash generated from ops. So you'd actually end up with lower leverage than where you ended last year, I would think, which was a pretty conservative starting point. So is there -- do you think there's additional capacity in there maybe to -- does it seem conservative? Or can you give us some perspective around the trajectory?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Sure, David. It's Joe. I'll take that. First off, we're very pleased with the performance of CBS Outdoor. And as it relates to the timing, we've always said we were going to separate them in 2014. But we always have an option to accelerate it, but that decision is really going to be based on market conditions, the FCC registration process and a discussion with our bank. So hopefully, that gives you some context around the timing. But as far as capital returns, the $6 billion, again, it's really -- a lot of that -- a big piece of that is driven on the exchange offer. So obviously, it's relative. So we have to decide what the stock prices are going to be for the absolute value of $6 billion. So I think, again, yes, math implies, again, I think we're not saying we're done. We're not saying we have no more capacity. I think what we're just saying just kind of approximately $6 billion. So could it be north of $6 million? Sure. So we're going to continue to focus on that and look at that, but I don't think you're hearing us today tell you what our leverage target is going to be. I think what we're focused on is doing this deal, and relooking at the business. But one thing is for sure. We're creating financial capacity. That we absolutely know.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Sort of a follow-up to that last question. I guess when you look at your -- a couple of things, one, you're focused on being more of a pure play content company and then the fact that your balance sheet is going to be so strong even after this very generous sort of capital returns. I guess has your thinking has changed a bit in terms of your priorities for use of cash? Are you -- can we assume going forward, maybe in '15 it might be bit more of a balanced approach between acquisitions versus share buybacks? Any color on that would be great.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, Alexia, it's Joe again. Look, I think we look at all acquisitions. Again, we sit here, we feel strategically complete. If there's something out here, we always look at it. We obviously can figure out the financing of an acquisition at the appropriate time. But as we sit here today, our best and highest use of excess cash is to buy back our stock because given the growth opportunities we laid out for you and the $2 billion in retrans and Les laid out all these emerging platforms, we see no better use than buying back our stock at these levels.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And just a follow-up, if I may. You and a couple of your peers made a big effort to sort of move programming to more of a year-round kind of model versus more the traditional fall to spring. I was wondering if you can give us some color for the advertisers who historically have not sort of been as focused in the year-round model or beginning to follow the strong program that you're putting on in the summer and you're seeing ad dollars actually follow that programming.
Leslie Moonves: Yes. I mean, look, the ad dollars were not used to broadcast networks putting on summer programming. So the assumption was, it was going to be repeat theater or some crummy reality shows. I think we have changed that entire profile. Going in last year, Under the Dome was pretty much of a shocker for everybody, when they were anticipating a low number. And once again, as we said, because of our deal with Amazon and our huge international sale, we were in profit if that did a 0.1 rating. When it sort of went through the roof and did extraordinarily well, the advertisers were very happy to be on board. And obviously, we sort of set the pattern for this year. So when we came in with Under the Dome 2 and Extant, obviously, our advertising rates are significantly higher than they were a year ago. And advertisers now view us as a 12-month a year programming machine. And as I said, we have 90 hours of original programming. Four years ago, there would have been maybe 2.5 hours, and that would have been a country music special. And that would have been -- or the extent of our summer programming. Now there are series throughout the summer. And it's pretty exciting, not only for what it's bringing in revenue, but as it leads up into the fall.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Morris with Guggenheim Securities.
Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Two questions. Les, you mentioned the ability to sell advertising from Day 4 through Day 7 or beyond, sort of separately if it came to that. I'm just curious the mechanics of how something like that would take place. It seems that a lot of the viewing may be on DVRs and you wouldn't have access to that, but maybe I don't understand how it would work or how much actually is being viewed on VOD. And then secondly, just on affiliate fees. In the trajectory for the year, last year was a bit lumpy with some boxing on Showtime, maybe some other factors. As we look at the trajectory for this year, is there anything we should be thinking about in terms of lumpiness? And the distribution agreement you discussed, as you get to year end, would that impact this year's results?
Leslie Moonves: Yes. Mike, I'll do the first question. I'll have Joe do the second one. In terms of C3, there are a lot more advertisers that were looking at C7 and now that the counting that comes from DVRs will be counted in terms of that. And then more and more of it is online. And when you look at that at cbs.com, and I'm sure for some of our competitors on Hulu, you will see that the dynamic ad insertion, that's where that comes into play, and once again we have an entire sales force that's in charge of doing that. So that's an additional revenue stream that comes out of our interactive group. Once again, as measurement gets better and better, for DVR viewing, we will be able to get paid from our advertisers for that as well.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And Mike, on your second part of the question, the major satellite deal that comes up, it really will impact 2015 forward because it comes up at the end of the year. And as far as the affiliate fees, well I guess I'd say, whenever Floyd Mayweather fights, not only will somebody's head be lumpy, but some of the revenue at Showtime might be a little lumpy too, because of the way we record the revenues. It's a gross method as opposed to a net method. But we love when Floyd fights.
Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Sure, sure. So the boxing is the one thing to keep our eye on. And otherwise, the first quarter results should be pretty indicative of what the pace looks like for the year?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. I think that's fair. And I think, again, obviously, the Dexter sale also fueled revenue growth and continued that pretty steady margin of 48%.
Operator: Next question comes from Anthony DiClemente with Nomura.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: A question for Les on the lovely Aereo. Let's just put on the table the undesirable scenario that the Supreme Court deems Aereo legal, right? So it seems to me that there are 2 logical arguments as to why CBS shareholders should not worry or panic, right? So reason number one would be, Aereo is not a compelling product to begin with, right? So if customers want the signal outside of the cable bundle, they would have gone to RadioShack. They would have bought a digital antenna. They would have done it already, right? So that will be one. Reason number two would be, like, we shouldn't worry because CBS owns its own content. You guys have the ability, the weapons to counterattack commercially, right? You can launch your own app. You can move your programming to cable. But it strikes me that in some ways those 2 arguments are mutually exclusive. So if Aereo is not a compelling product, there's really no reason for you to take any radical commercial action. So I just wonder, Les, how do you think about those 2, logically, in terms of how much traction would Aereo have to gain for you to move forward in terms of making more aggressive commercial countering?
Leslie Moonves: So you make a valid point. They've been legal. They've been used in New York City for many, many years. I haven't heard any results. All I heard was they ran out of antenna. So that didn't seem that it was a viable product. And obviously, it was something we would keep an eye on. But as I said, we have deals with most of our MVPDs for a long, long time to deliver our content. If we would see the commercial viability, there are things we can do. We're talking to people about OTT. We're talking to people about delivering it directly to our consumers. We are thinking -- we're talking about doing Aereo amongst ourselves, if that became viable. So as I said, I don't lose sleep out of it. We don't think it's a viable product. We don't think we're going to lose in the court. We don't think it's a viable product. And if it was, it won't be viable because it won't have our content.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Got it. And then a follow-up question for Joe. I guess another Supreme Court-related ruling this year. You talked about political in the back half. I think there aren't any limits this year to campaign contributions, whether it be individuals or corporations. And so, do you expect political revenue into CBS to grow off of the 2012 cycle? Or do you have a view on the limits being struck down in terms of contribution?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. Anthony, thanks for your question. I do think it's going to grow from 2012 in the midterm elections, because where our stations are and where these campaigns are, we're better positioned. So traditionally, we have done better in the mid-term cycle. I think removing that cap can only be a good thing. We'll see how big, big can be. But as you know, we generate about 75% of political revenue in the back half of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Miller with Topeka Capital Markets.
David W. Miller - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: A question for Les and a question for Joe. Joe, I'll start with you. Let's just say, for sake of argument, that when you guys do your share exchange between CBS parent and Outdoor Americas that the demand is weaker than you expected or just not there just given market dynamics or whatever the reason. What would be your inclination then to dispose of the remaining 83%? Would it be kind of a series of bought deals or just a secondary offering? Any color around that would be great. And then, Les, I'm sure you are aware that on August 14, ESPN is launching the SEC network. It's not really direct competition to your package, just because they get to pick the game, and eyeballs are just going to flow to your game. But are you thinking about that package any differently competitively, strategically, just given the launch of that network? Any color you can provide would be great.
Leslie Moonves: I'll go first, because it will be a quick answer. ESPN has had the other SEC games for many, many years. We get the premier game, just about every week, except for maybe 1 or 2. So our package is by far the best over the air schedule, you see the numbers. It's a pretty extraordinary deal. It goes on for more than 1 decade. So we actually view SEC viewing on ESPN as a positive and just additional promotion for our premier Alabama, LSU, Auburn, Texas A&M, you name them, Tennessee, Kentucky. I don't want to offend anybody who may be listening. We have the premier game. And that's only going to be a good thing for us.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And, David, it's Joe. On the split, the first thing I'd say, we're going to price it for success. So I don't think we plan on having a failed exchange. But in the unlikely event that we don't get all the shares in, we certainly can do a follow-on. We can also do a follow-up pro rata spin-off. So again, I think we have a couple of backup alternatives to make sure we get our ownership down to 0, which was part of the ruling that we received from the IRS.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Laura Martin with Needham.
Laura A. Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: A couple of things. So on the local digital, I was really interested to hear your say that mobile is 50% of users. I was wondering is that also tracks by monetization, or what's the monetization on that mobile 50% of users? And then, Les, I'm really interested on the content side, given that I know you're doing 30 original series now. Given that some of those are for these SVOD players, I'm interested in your preselling international rights. Is the nature of the content changing in some way, either becoming longer or more serialized or more binge-y? How is content changing with these new platforms demanding from your original content guide?
Leslie Moonves: Yes, Laura, we -- actually regarding the SVOD players, we're in discussion with them. We have a few projects in development. There is nothing directly there yet. But you are absolutely right, the SVOD players like the more serialized content, less [ph] more so. They've done extremely well with that. And obviously, House of Cards has been a significant hit for them. I think the international marketplace has changed every way we look at things. Because now the SVOD players are part of the conversation. So when our international guys go out with whatever series there is, SVOD becomes part of the original conversation. How does that fit with cable or over the air? And where does that deliver the most money for us? As I said, we have a few projects in development. We're looking forward to doing originals for Netflix and Amazon, and the idea that Microsoft and Yahoo! are now getting into that, we'd be happy to sell to them as well.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And on local digital, Laura, people are absolutely consuming it on mobile devices, tablets, iPhones. So we really think we have a competitive advantage here on kind of traveling with your local brands. And so we're clearly seeing usage up, consumption, and we are monetizing it. And again, we do think that's still a big -- another growth driver that is still untapped.
Operator: Next question comes from Alan Gould with Evercore.
Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Two quick questions. Joe, is the timing of the exchange offer, is it just getting away from the lock up of the 180-day -- waiver of 180-day lockup period?
Joseph R. Ianniello: No, Alan. It's obviously, we have to file a Form 4 and a tender offer document. So there's an FCC registration process also involved.
Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, Les, with respect to the cost of the premium content, sort of a good news, bad news issue, as you're both a buyer and seller of programming. Are the costs going up dramatically for high-quality 1-hour programming?
Leslie Moonves: Not really. Not really. It's very funny, we just did an analysis of next week's potential schedule that we're going to announce on Wednesday, and the actual cost of that schedule is less than this year's schedule, because a lot of it has to do with the aging of shows that cost more later on, put it on with new shows. So the -- if you know the Production business as well as we do, I think you can contain your costs and still put out the top premium content. And that's what we're doing.
Operator: Next question comes from Tim Nollen with Macquarie.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: I wanted to pick up on the issue of international growth. I wanted to ask about where the real opportunities are. Is there a way you can sort of size for us the penetration opportunity in countries, i.e., how much content you have out there versus what you have here. I know it's a very general question. Also about pricing and also about your strategy, which appears to be mainly by content licensing rather than about obviously setting up your own networks. But how do you approach that? And in that vein as well, what could you do with Showtime internationally?
Leslie Moonves: Well, content licensing is growing significantly, and it's growing in a variety of markets. Obviously, in our strongholds, which are Europe, they are growing because of the increase of cable networks. And there is a great deal of competition. We're also greatly aided by the increase in Netflix and Amazon as well, internationally. As soon as Netflix opens up in new territory like Germany, they did recently, there is a great acquisition that they will do from us by definition. The licensing is the majority of our revenue internationally. However, we have expanded our channels as well. Other territories are opening up, more significantly Eastern Europe, the Far East, as well as Latin America. South America is growing substantially. So the good news is we are virtually selling everything we own everywhere. And that means soap operas, talk shows, game shows, in addition to the premium stuff you see in prime time. And you can see David Letterman all over the world in about 200 markets. And hopefully, Stephen Colbert will be in 220. So there is a great future internationally.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: With Showtime, can you let us know what is available if anything? And opportunities to expand the network there or sell Showtime content?
Leslie Moonves: Yes. Well, Showtime content, as you hear us referenced many times in these calls, we mention what we own. And over the last 4 or 5 years, it's been a priority for us to own a majority of the content. So we own Ray Donovan. We own, partially, Masters of Sex. We own all of Penny Dreadful. We own Dexter and Californication, House of Lies. So the majority of these shows owned by Showtime are now owned by us. That wasn't the case 4 or 5 years ago, and the ability to sell these shows is now growing as premium cable is growing throughout the world and has great demand for these programs. And it's led by HBO and Showtime.
Operator: And that question comes from Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I have 2 questions. The first is just a clarification for the Q2 pace of the buyback. I think you received $550 million of cash on April 2 for Outdoor. Is this all in the Q2 buyback? That's the first question. And then second, just bigger picture, how important is the health of the affiliate bodies to you? Because there's a fear that if the FCC continues down a certain path and hurts some of these broadcast TV groups and they break up, the whole broadcast business can be under pressure. How would that impact you in terms of your 2017 and 2020 goals of $1 billion and $2 billion in retrans and reverse comp, if at all?
Leslie Moonves: Well, Marci, I'll answer your second question first, and then I'll turn it over to Joe to do the other one. Look, the health of our affiliates is very important to us. Remember, going in, however, we own almost 40% of the country, of our owned and operated stations. I was with the FCC this past Friday. There is no attempt to hurt the affiliates obviously. There's some controversy over the JSAs, and certain affiliates are objecting to that. But by and large the FCC wants a healthy affiliate body. When you look down the road and say what would happen if affiliates weren't able to perform? Remember, almost 90% of our people that watch CBS, watch it through satellite, through telcos or through cable. If an affiliate wasn't there, there's obviously a way to get our programming to those people. Having said that, we believe in localism. We believe in our affiliates. The CBS affiliate body is very strong, and we don't view this system as in jeopardy in any way, shape or form.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And as far as the buyback, Marci, look, we tried -- we did $2 billion in the first quarter and we said again, approximately $6 billion for the full year. So at the turn, if we're at $2.5 billion plus or minus, we don't want to get too caught up into quarterly buybacks. But again, the target's there. So we're going to be opportunistic and buy our stock attractively throughout the year.
Adam Townsend: Great. Thanks, Marci. And this concludes today's call. Thank you, everyone, for joining us. Have a great evening.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-12 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President of Investor Relations Sumner M. Redstone - Founder and Executive Chairman Leslie Moonves - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Joseph R. Ianniello - Former Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasurer
Analysts: Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division Anthony J. DiClemente - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Laura A. Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division David W. Miller - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CBS Corporation Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead, sir.
Adam Townsend: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2013 earnings call. Joining me for today's discussion are Sumner Redstone, our Executive Chairman; Leslie Moonves, President and CEO; and Joe Ianniello, Chief Operating Officer. Sumner will have a few remarks, and turn the call over to Les and Joe, who will then discuss the strategic and financial results. We will then open the call up to your questions. Please note that during today's conference call, the fourth quarter and full year 2013 profit measures will be discussed on an adjusted basis unless otherwise specified. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found in our earnings release or on our website. In addition, statements in this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, which involves risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's news releases and securities filings. A webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can also be found on the Investors section of our website at cbscorporation.com. And with that, it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Sumner.
Sumner M. Redstone: Thank you, Adam. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm extremely proud of CBS [indiscernible] as well, across the company, great content is driving our success, but it's not enough to have great content. You have to have the right strategy and the right leadership to make it all work. That's why I'm so pleased to turn this call over to my good friend and colleague, a man I speakably and rightfully call a super genius and a miracle worker CBS's President and Chief Executive Officer, Les Moonves.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you very much, Sumner, for that very nice introduction. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us for our first earnings call of the year. We have a number of great things to talk about today, starting with CBS's tremendous year and terrific fourth quarter. For the year and the quarter, we had all-time highs across our key financial metrics, including revenue, OIBDA, operating income and EPS. Quarterly revenue was up 6% to $3.9 billion, OIBDA was up 7% to $927 million, and EPS was up 22% to $0.78. Again, all of these were records in the fourth quarter. For the full year, we performed right along the same lines. It was our best year ever in every key financial metric. In fact, for the first time, our EPS came in above $3. Remember, just a few short years ago, we were just at $0.70. Clearly, CBS is on a tremendous run. Year-after-year, we have told you that this is a golden age for content companies that have the best programming. And year after year, quarter after quarter, our shareholders are taking part in the benefits of that. The good news is that we are just beginning to find a whole new way -- set of ways to monetize our programming on new platforms. There is a lot more to come in this regard. Through it all, will continue to focus on our core strength, which, of course, is our content. Our base business is doing phenomenally well, and in addition, our non-advertising revenue streams continue to be a tremendous area of growth for us. Streaming, domestic and international syndication, retransmission consent and reverse compensation, all played a huge role in our success in 2013. In fact, even with our extremely strong Super Bowl ad sales last year, 42% of our annual revenue was from non-advertising sources, the highest it's ever been. The trend continues as we speak. Already here in 2014, we have announced a series of innovative deals that put our programming on a variety of platforms and enable us to grow these recurring and dependable revenue sources. These include a brand-new deal with Amazon to license Extant, our upcoming summer series with Halle Berry. With Extant and another deal with Amazon for the second season of Under the Dome, we have created a new model for summer programming. And we have opened up a whole new time period to launch new content franchises that we can sell around the world. We also recently extended our library deal with Amazon well into 2016. We have also cut deals to license Elementary to the WGN Cable Network and Hulu Plus' subscription service. Thanks to these 2 deals, Elementary will generate more syndication revenue per episode than any show ever has. In addition, we just did a multi-platform deal with WGN, Hulu Plus and ION to license Blue Bloods also at extremely attractive pricing. And on Monday, we announced a new library deal with Hulu Plus. CBS content has been performing very well for Hulu Plus in our smaller previous deal. So we have greatly expanded the partnership and now have another large-scale SVOD library partner along with Netflix and Amazon. Amazon, Netflix, Hulu Plus, Streampix, WGN, ION, the list goes on and on, and it continues to expand across new platforms every single day. All of these deals are a direct result of the increasing appetite for our content. The good news is we keep starting the process over and over again with every new hit show we create. And in addition to CBS Showtime in the CW, we're now launching new owned content franchises on other broadcast and cable networks as well. In the last few weeks alone, we have received a series order from ABC for a new drama and a pilot order from Fox for a new comedy. We also just did a series for the USA Network, and we're having conversations with many others as well, including original shows for SVOD and other emerging platforms. Plus, as we head into our development season, we are very excited by the shows we will be producing for the CBS Television Network led by the New Orleans-based NCIS spin-off that we just announced for next season. So, as you can see, we're building the value for CBS across the company, and that certainly extends the great strides we are making with our Outdoor initiative as well. We are right on track to launch an IPO in the first quarter, just as we told you we would. We look forward to receiving IRS approval to convert our Outdoor business into a REIT, which will unlock the value of this business and significantly enhance our ability to return value to CBS Corporation shareholders. Once the full separation is complete, we will be very close to our goal of a 50-50 split in terms of advertising and non-advertising revenue. And we will be able to be even more focused on growing CBS as a content company first and foremost. Our Outdoor transaction and the continued strength of our company are why we're pleased today to announce plans for the accelerated share repurchase of $1.5 billion. This new ASR means we will use $2 billion in the first quarter to buyback our stock, which is nearly as much as we did in all of 2013 and nearly double as much as we did in 2012. We are doing this because of the visibility and confidence we have in our continued growth prospects. Going forward, as you know, returning value to shareholders will remain a top priority for CBS. Now we'll take a brief look at the performance of our businesses, starting with Entertainment, then I'll turn it over to Joe to give you some more analysis, followed by your questions. The CBS Television Network is having another outstanding season. And yes, as you've heard many times, is the most watched network in the country once again. We have the #1 program in NCIS, the #1 comedy in The Big Bang Theory and the #1 new comedy, The Millers, which is 100% owned by us. Plus we have more top 10 and top 20 shows than any other network. In addition, the value of the biggest live event on television continues to grow. Last month's broadcast of the GRAMMYs brought in more than 28 million viewers. This was only eclipsed in the last 21 years by the GRAMMYs that followed the death of Whitney Houston a couple of years ago. The biggest event of all though, continues to be NFL programming. Our AFC Championship game averaged more than 51 million viewers, the second highest in 32 years. And our AFC divisional playoff game drew an average of 41 million viewers, which is among the highest we've ever had for that game too. I also want to congratulate Fox for having the most viewers in the history of television during the Super Bowl last week. The Super Bowl and the playoffs followed an extremely strong regular season for the NFL on CBS. More people watched our coverage than any other network. All of this is why we're so excited to have won the contract to broadcast Thursday Night Football this fall. We submitted a very responsible bid that was greatly helped by our position as the #1 network in America and the best possible platform to grow the NFL's Thursday night audience. We will now have 32 hours of additional NFL programming to strengthen our schedule across the week and the greatest promotional platform in the business to launch our fall seasons. We are very pleased that the NFL chose us as their partner, and we happen to agree with the New York Times, which said, "Ultimately, the victory went to the strongest network in prime time, which, it could be argued, needed the games the least." Turning to CBS News. Our broadcasts continue to gain ground, thanks to their commitment to quality original programming. CBS This Morning, CBS Sunday Morning and Face the Nation, all delivered their best fourth quarter ratings in 2 decades. Season-to-date, the CBS Evening News is delivering its largest audience in 7 years. And of course, 60 Minutes continues to dominate as the #1 news show on television. With entertainment, sports and news hitting on all cylinders and the NFL on Thursdays, we are once again very encouraged heading into this year's upfront. I feel confident saying right now that we will lead the marketplace in pricing and volume, but no, I'm not going to make any exact predictions just yet, which of course, will be a major source of relief to our sales department. But suffice it to say, it's going to be a great upfront for CBS. Meanwhile, we continue to negotiate deals that will give us proper value for the C3 window and beyond. The world of audience measurement is making great strides right now, including recent announcements we've made with Nielsen, Red Track [ph], then others. Nielsen is getting better and better at counting all the eyeballs that are viewing our content, and we look forward to the financial upside this will bring. As I mentioned earlier, our shows are selling extremely well in the syndication marketplace too. For example, our innovative deal for The Good Wife is not only paying off in syndication dollars. It's also helping the show's first run on the broadcast network as well. During the fourth quarter, The Good Wife was the most-watched television series on Amazon Prime. Lots of this was catch-up viewing, which is translating to even more interest for the show's current season, and CBS's ratings to the show are now up double digits. Of course, it also helps that The Good Wife may be the best show on broadcast television right now. The multi-platform success has led us to sell other shows in new ways as well, including the terrific value I told you about for Elementary and Blue Bloods. Plus, Hawaii Five-0 is also going to syndication later this year, which will lead to another whole new source of syndication revenue for us in the quarters and years to come. Meanwhile, retrans and reverse comp continue to be a very compelling growth story for broadcasters right now and represent another key way we are monetizing our content and growing our business. As you have all heard about, there are those who are illegally taking our content and seeking to profit from it without paying their fair share. CBS and others in the industry are challenging this and expect to prevail. But no matter what happens, we have a whole host of compelling business alternatives that will build our financial prospects. We can adjust and thrive no matter how this situation unfolds. I do want to point out here that we believe in over-the-air broadcast television, and it remains our first option. What's important for investors to know is we have many retrans and reverse comp deals in place right now. And when you combine these deals with all of the options we have to sell our network lineup into the future, we are extremely confident in our ability to grow this revenue stream. In fact, we've been telling you for a while now that our goal is $1 billion in retrans and reverse comp in 2017. Well, today we are announcing a new goal. Our new target is $2 billion in 2020. Clearly, that's quite a jump, but we've exceeded our target every time we've given you one. And we have tremendous confidence in our ability to realize the full value of CBS going forward. $2 billion in 2020. Strong new and existing deals for Showtime are also driving our Cable Network segment, which continues to be extremely healthy. Showtime has added 1 million subscribers each year for 6 of the last 7 years, and the number of subs is now at 23 million. Just like at CBS, it's the strength of our shows that is allowing us to negotiate better and better deals. During the quarter, Homeland ended its third season with its best ratings ever, up 21% over the second season. And as you know, Season 4 will be back later this year. And in their first seasons, Ray Donovan and Masters of Sex both finished with ratings better than Homeland's freshman season, Ray Donovan by 31% and Masters of Sex by 10%. Obviously, both of these shows will be coming back later this year. We have a number of other exciting projects coming to Showtime this year as well, including the May debut of a tremendously entertaining thriller called Penny Dreadful and a new drama we recently scheduled called The Affair. We own 100% of both of these series and they will add to the library of shows in which we have ownership, including Dexter, Californication, Nurse Jackie, House of Lies, Episodes, Ray Donovan and Masters of Sex. These shows are, or will be, monetized all the platforms we mentioned earlier in all the ways that have been so successful for CBS. Simon & Schuster continues to produce great content as well. During 2013, we had 326 New York Times bestsellers, with 37 making it to #1. Both of these rankings were ahead of last year's number. And sales of our more profitable digital books continue to grow quickly and now represent 27% of our total revenue. Meanwhile, at our TV stations, nonpolitical revenue was up 9% helped by the NFL, CBS's strong performance in prime time, including big events like the GRAMMYs. In fact, local revenue for the GRAMMYs came in 50% higher than it did just 3 years ago. In Radio, we continue to put an emphasis on great local programming, which is leading to bigger audiences. During the most recent ratings period, we had double-digit ranking gains in the highly coveted 25- to 54-year-old demo in many of our major markets, and nontraditional revenues from special events was up double digits over 1 year ago. Our strategy to combine the company's local TV and Radio websites into a single online presence in every market also continues to pay off. In 2013, revenue was up 21% over the year before, and the momentum is continuing here in '14, including a new record of nearly 57 million unique users in January. I'm also very pleased with the success of our CBS Interactive business. Revenue was up 14% during the quarter, and we continue to see very rapid growth in mobile ad revenue, which was up 118%, and it helped to increase profit substantially. So as you can see, we continue to drive our base business forward, while strategically capitalizing on new opportunities. These opportunities are all around us. We're selling our hit shows into domestic syndication at record rates, while also partnering with the biggest players in the SVOD to maximize the value of our programming. We're continuing to forge new deals with cable and satellite operators at fair value, while also resetting a large number of reverse comp deals that are coming up for negotiation. Every single day, we're leveraging the power of the CBS Television Network, Showtime and our major market local assets, to tap into new innovative revenue streams. And it's all born out of the same idea that creating, owning and broadcasting the best content lends itself to infinite possibilities. So given our track record of success in that regard and our drive to keep doing what we do best, it stands to reason that we think our future as the content company is very, very bright. I'll close by reminding you of 2, $2 billion numbers. First, our $2 billion of share repurchases here in just the first quarter; and second, $2 billion of retrans and reverse comp in 2020. So there's a lot to be excited about here at the CBS Corporation. Thank you. And with that, I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Thanks, Les, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll start with giving you -- by giving you some more details about our fourth quarter and full year results, then I'll update you on our Outdoor transaction and discuss what lies ahead in 2014. After that, we'll be happy to take your questions. As you know by now, we delivered our best-ever results in 2013, driven by the healthy performance of our base business and the growing strength of our non-advertising revenue streams. These results are indicative of the ever increasing number of opportunities we have to monetize our content, and it's a trend we see continuing for many years to come. During the fourth quarter, revenue of $3.9 billion was up 6%, with strength in every one of our key revenue types. Content licensing and distribution was up 28%, driven by growth in both traditional syndication, as well as SVOD. CBS, Showtime and CW content all contributed to the strong performance and international content sales grew 20%. Affiliate and subscription fees were up 7%, thanks to the continued increases in retrans and reverse compensation, as well as higher cable affiliate fees. And in advertising, a 4% increase at the CBS Network during the quarter offset local political spending in 2012. As Les said, our profit measures in the fourth quarter were up across the board. Operating income of $813 million was up 9%, and EPS of $0.78 was up 22%. It was our highest quarterly EPS we have ever recorded. For the full year, our results were very consistent with the quarter. Revenue of $50.3 billion grew 8% with solid gains in all 3 of our major revenue sources: advertising was up 4%, content licensing and distribution was up 15%, and affiliate and subscription fees grew 16%. We also delivered strong annual gains in profits, trending right in line with our quarterly results. Full year OIBDA of $3.74 billion was up 7%. Full year operating income of $3.28 billion was up 9%, and full year EPS of $3.02 was up 18%. Now let's turn to our operating segment performance for the quarter. Entertainment revenue in the fourth quarter grew 11% to $2.2 billion. This segment benefited from our fast-growing streaming and syndication revenue, both in the U.S. and abroad, as well as 4% growth in network ad sales led by our NFL programming. Revenue at our CBS Interactive unit was also up 14% for the quarter. Entertainment OIBDA of $418 million was up 27%. Network advertising, retrans and reverse comp, as well as content licensing fees, drove a margin expansion of 240 basis points to 19%, all while continuing to invest in content. At Cable Networks, fourth quarter revenue of $477 million was up 9%, fueled by growing subscriber counts, as well as higher weights per sub. It was also driven by the international licensing of Showtime original series, which is becoming a meaningful new revenue generator for us, and one that will continue to grow, as we own more and more of our shows. Cable OIBDA of $199 million was up 8%, and our cable OIBDA margin held steady at a healthy 42%. Turning to Publishing. Fourth quarter revenue of $225 million was up 5%, due to the strength of our titles across both print and digital platforms. e-books represented 23% of total Publishing revenue for the quarter. Publishing OIBDA of $37 million was up 19%, and Publishing OIBDA margin grew 2 percentage points to 16%. In Local Broadcasting, nonpolitical revenue was up 4% for the quarter, with TV stations up 9% and Radio even with last year. Reported results were obviously affected by last year's political spending. In terms of top categories, healthcare and auto grew solidly in both TV and Radio. Because of the lack of political ad dollars, Local Broadcasting OIBDA came in at $263 million and still delivered a solid margin of 37% for the quarter. At Outdoor Americas' reported revenue in the fourth quarter of $347 million was up 2%, and in constant dollars, revenue grew 3%. The U.S. led the way with a 5% increase with growth in both billboards and transit. Outdoor OIBDA of $120 million was up 28%, driven by revenue growth and a gain from the disposition of some bus shelters. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet. Free cash flow came in at $382 million for the quarter compared with $199 million in Q4 of 2012, when we made a $200 million discretionary pension contribution. For the year, free cash flow was up 13% to nearly $1.8 billion, and we do not anticipate making any significant pension contributions in the near term. Also during the quarter, we used $364 million to retire more than 6 million shares of our stock. At the end of 2013, we had $5.4 billion remaining under our current buyback program. As Les said, we plan to use $2 billion to repurchase our stock during the first quarter, through a combination of the $1.5 billion ASR we announced today and an acceleration to the quarterly pace of our ongoing repurchase plan. This announcement once again demonstrates that we are committed to returning capital to our shareholders, and that we have continued confidence in our future cash flow. Also, at the end of the fourth quarter, we had $397 million of cash on hand. Next, let me give you an update on our Outdoor transaction. We've come a long way since we first announced our Outdoor initiative about 1 year ago. We filed our private letter ruling request with the IRS, submitted multiple filings to the SEC, hired a new public company management team and recently completed a $1.6 billion debt offering at a weighted average cost of debt of 4.2%. We feel very optimistic that we will receive a favorable ruling from the IRS to convert our Outdoor business into a REIT, and we remain on track to launch our IPO later this quarter. Now let me give you a few observations about what we see ahead in Q1. Network scatter pricing remains strong, up double digits from upfront pricing. Local Broadcasting is showing stability. Our underlying TV stations are pacing to be up high single digits, which excludes the impact of noncomparable sporting events, and Radio is pacing to be flat to up low single digits compared to last year. Meanwhile, Outdoor is pacing to be up low to mid-single digits. So in summary, we're managing our business for the long term and diversifying our revenue mix by growing our high margin, non-advertising revenue streams. In content licensing and distribution, our first cycle syndication deals for Blue Bloods and Elementary demonstrate the strength of our programming and the way our multi-platform approach is increasing our content value. We continue to find a huge appetite for CBS content, both domestically and internationally, as well as on traditional and newer platforms. And looking ahead, we have set up a strong syndication pipeline with contribution from CBS, Showtime and the CW. In affiliate and subscription fees, we'll continue to do more retrans and reverse comp deals to realize the fair value of our content. In 2014, we'll reap the full benefits of the deals we signed last year, as well as from escalators in existing deals. As we mentioned, we see a path to $2 billion in total retrans and reverse compensation revenue in 2020. And for advertising revenue, we'll benefit in the back half of 2014, from a strong upfront marketplace, our new NFL Thursday night package and political spending. Add all of that to the completion of our Outdoor transaction, and CBS is well on its way to becoming a content-centric company, one that is fueled by more predictable, fast-growing revenue streams. With so many exciting opportunities before us, 2014 will make for another terrific year for CBS. With that, Gwen, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: As we get our arms around that $2 billion number, guys, can you spend a minute talking about your outlook on the reverse comp front? And I asked because that's typically where there's more debate or controversy, and in particular how do you think, Les, those smaller CBS station groups can go out and get their own retrans, which you need them to get to pay you? And then there's been sort of this focus on a 50-50 split historically. I'm guessing that that's not something you necessarily subscribe to, but maybe you can comment on that as well?
Leslie Moonves: Yes. Look, we -- not one size doesn't fit all, and once again, the -- we wish our affiliates well in their retrans conversations, but that really doesn't affect us greatly. As you can tell, there are a lot of very large station groups out there that are gobbling up a lot of the smaller markets. So they can do fairly well in their retrans side. The reason we get to that number is as we look at the contracts that are expiring at the end of this year and many more in '15 and '16 and so on, looking down the road, we don't think it's a tough puck to get to that $2 billion. We want our affiliates to be strong, we believe in them. But we also know, with the product that we're providing with them, they're able to get revenue from the MVPDs as well.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. And, Joe, sort of taking this retrans conversation further, the balance sheet. I noticed you guys are levered, I think, like 1.6x here on a trailing basis. How do you think about leverage after this Outdoor transaction? I know I can't pin you down on a number, but at least directionally, and can you help us -- or remind us about the off-balance sheet liabilities that rating agencies look at and how that may be exiting with the spin-off how that could help your leverage picture?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Sure. Look, the bottom line is, as we're increasing our cash flow and the mix and the quality of that cash flow, clearly, we're creating lots of financial capacity. As far as the off-balance sheet things, obviously, lease is a big part of that, and I think again the rating agency -- that will mostly go with the Outdoor deal. And our pension, as we sit here today, is 95% funded. So there's not a whole lot of off-balance sheet adjustments that the rating agencies, I think, will make. There are some, but again, Ben, as we execute on this Outdoor deal, we'll continue to refine our thinking on what's the appropriate leverage ratio for CBS. But clearly, we're creating significant capacity.
Operator: And we'll go next to Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I have a couple of questions. First, you've done a ton of deals in the last few weeks and the last year or so on content deals. As you look at your pipeline, can you talk about other stuff that could be coming off the network and going to the pipeline? Like, maybe CSI: Las Vegas, and what that could mean? Second, it's amazing that though TV advertising came down as much as it -- I mean, given the political comps came down, and yet you were able to basically maintain margins. Just wondering how you did that? And then I have one follow-up.
Leslie Moonves: I'll do the first part, Jessica, and Joe could talk about the margins. Once again, remember most of these deals, with very few exceptions, include any current shows on the air or past seasons of current shows. So there is a huge capacity for that, which we are very excited about. In addition, owning The Millers, the #1 new comedy on television, is something we own 100%. We haven't had a hit comedy, since Everybody Loves Raymond, that we were a participant in, in a major way. So the fact that The Millers is going to be around a while and clearly is doing very well, leads to a fairly big number. In addition, once again, we're only talking about some first cycle stuff. The pipeline will continue. There are more and more players. I remember when we started with Netflix. Everybody said, "Oh, is there anybody else going to be there?" And then Amazon can along. Then Hulu expanded to Hulu Plus. You see Streampix coming along. So with the amount of library and current show contracts that we own both on CBS and Showtime, we are very encouraged that the pipeline at this level is going to continue for many, many years.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And, Jessica, the only thing I would add to that is we still have a lot of shows that we have not sold that we've held back, such as the CSI that you referenced, Criminal Minds, NCIS. So we still have a whole lot of our content that we have not yet monetized as well. For local, Jessica, the 37% margin, it's actually down. Obviously, we pride ourselves on managing our cost infrastructure nicely. So it's still a very healthy margin, but that also kind of ties back to what Ben's question was, is why do we feel confident about reverse compensation number is, you know we own TV stations too. So we see them having 37-plus percent margins. So this isn't about an ability to pay. They certainly have the ability to pay, and the value we see we provide to CBS affiliated stations that we own when we compare them to independents or CW is quite significant. So I think we look at that holistic.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then just the follow-up is, Les alluded to the coming Supreme Court decision. I was just wondering what -- can you give us any color on options like medium or longer term if the Supreme Court rules in favor of Aereo?
Leslie Moonves: We've already mentioned it, a number of them. Number one, most of our current deals was MVPDs, would not allow them to accept an Aereo-like service. So people are forgetting that even if Aereo was available. Look, we obviously are coming before the Supreme Court. We feel fairly confident that we're going to become victorious. You never know what's going to happen. But if something goes the other way, there are so many other alternatives we can form our own Aereo with the other networks. We could go over the top ourselves. We can go directly with cable. There are a number of ways that we could do things. We prefer the current system. We prefer a system where local television can get into their marketplaces there. But if that doesn't happen, we're not going to be financially handicapped at all.
Operator: And we'll go next to David Bank with RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Kind of a follow-up to the last question that's a little more modeling oriented. In what is kind of a high-class problem, the sheer magnitude of deals with respect to both the online stuff, the broadcast stuff, the cable stuff that you've been announced, it's so big it's getting hard for us to follow, right? And generally, I think it's getting to the point where we really can't follow specific deals anymore. So and -- shows, so to make it easier, is there a way you can give us sort of a run rate, at this point, for digital over the next few years in aggregate Hulu, Netflix and Amazon, and then kind of a ballpark for monetization on first run traditional syndication for '14, '15, '16? And if you can't, just a sense that there really is no hole, that this is kind of a steady revenue stream that -- or if it's not, can you clarify? Are there big lumps?
Leslie Moonves: David, you're making the question more complicated than our deals. Look, the key to all this, and I'll let Joe finish the end of it, talking about some of the modeling and the financials is each deal that we do is very different than the last one. So we did a deal for The Good Wife, which got a lot more money than anybody ever imagined we would get for a softer female-oriented show. And we did that by putting together SVOD and cable and station groups. And we just did the same thing with 2 different shows. Elementary. For Elementary, I think it surprised a lot of people the amount of money we got, but suddenly here was Hulu Plus as the new SVOD player. Here was WGN, which hadn't been a major player in the cable syndication marketplace before, as well as ION. So once again, we found a new way to do it. And as you look down the road, once again, domestically, we haven't even made these sorts of deals with CSI, which has over 300 episodes and NCIS, which has over 200 episodes. And the sky's the limit, which is why we feel very comfortable that the pipeline is still going to continue in a way that's going to make sense. And these deals may look -- there may be a new guy involved in this that pays us a lot more money than we've received already. So...
Joseph R. Ianniello: And, David, so obviously, you know we don't give guidance. So what I would point you to is instead of looking at individual deals if you look to the content licensing and distribution revenue as where these syndication deals fall and the affiliate and subscription really where the retrans and reverse comp deals are falling, just look at that growth rate in total. So for 2013, content licensing grew 15%. It is now a $4 billion number, and affiliate and subscription fees grew 16%. It is now a $2.2 billion number. So you're talking about $6.6 billion of non-advertising revenue. So when Les and I talk about 50-50 mix, we anticipate growing advertising, but growing these non-advertising revenues at a faster clip. So I would guide you to look at them when we report revenue by type.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Morris with Guggenheim Securities.
Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Two quick ones. One, the goal for 2020, can you talk about the trajectory between now and then? Is it lumpy? Is it back half weighted? Is it relatively straight-line? That would be helpful. And then also with Netflix entering more and more European markets, can you talk about what of your content is already sort of spoken for in markets outside the U.S., and where there could be additional opportunity from here?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Mike, it's Joe. I'll start with the $2 billion number. It is lumpy, unfortunately. It's just really predicated on the timing of when deals expire. So it's not linear. So it will have some lumpiness. Obviously, last year, we renewed about 17.5% of our footprint. This year, we have less than that to renew. But remember, we have a huge amount on the reverse comp side coming kind of in '15 and '16. So you're going to see a nice leg up there. But again, that's going to be somewhat lumpy.
Leslie Moonves: In terms of Netflix, obviously, every territory they've opened in, we have been a major player there. And as they expand, we're very happy doing that. Once again, handled by our international people as a -- Netflix being part of the international syndication sales. And in certain territories, replacing these main syndication partner. But it's sort of impossible to give you numbers, but all I can say is every time they expand, we're very happy about it. And it does well for us.
Operator: We'll go next to Anthony DiClemente with Nomura.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I have one for Joe and then one for Les. Joe, on the last quarterly call, you talked about split-off transaction in the third quarter. Are the plans for that exchange offer intact? I'm wondering if there's a way for you to quantify for investors the potential reduction in shares from that? And then, Les, on the NFL deal, congratulations on getting that deal done. I wonder, do you expect that deal to be profitable out of the gate? Or was it more of a strategic -- is it more of a strategic rational there as it pertains to either programming schedule or longer-term kind of making you guys the incumbent on Thursday night? I think investors would want to know if you expect to be profitable out of the gate on that.
Leslie Moonves: All right. Joe?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Okay. All right. Anthony, let me do the first part, the split off. Yes. So the IPO we're planning for later this quarter, as we said. And then that stock will trade and we think, again, roughly 5 to 6 months. So it brings us into the kind of third quarter, and then we would anticipate doing an exchange offer. And obviously, what that means is the holders of CBS will exchange their CBS per shares of Outdoor company at a ratio, and that is a transaction that has to take 20 business days. So that's a month. So we are on track for that but -- so it's dependent upon the value, the equity value of the Outdoor business, which we're quite bullish on. So I can't give you a sense of exactly how many shares we would retire, but clearly it's going to be a significant reduction in shares.
Leslie Moonves: On the NFL deal, we're thrilled to have it, and as you know, the competition was pretty fierce. At the end of the day, it really wasn't about money. The NFL was more interested in establishing their Thursday night and being in partnership with a brand, a company, a network that would do a better job of establishing that into the future. Now obviously, we ascertained what our network sales are going to be. In addition, our local affiliates are contributing. Our station sales, remember, we have an awful lot of O&Os that are in the NFL market, should be extremely high. Plus it's impossible to speak more highly of how it promotes everything else in our fall schedule. Is this strategic? Absolutely. Do I hope we get it longer? Sure, but so does everybody else. We hope to have it. We hope to extend it for a longer period of time. But as it is, I am extremely pleased to have this. It means so much to us. Look at what our schedule looked like at the beginning of this year without the NFL. Then you add that Thursday night to tighten up an already existing schedule, and it's a pretty sensational thing. So it's a good short-term value and a good long-term value.
Operator: We'll go next to John Janedis with UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Les, there's been some concern over the past couple of years that there'd be some pressure on pricing and syndication. But based on the Blue Bloods and Elementary deals, that doesn't seem to be the case. Are these one-offs or do you think the bar has been reset? And how does international look?
Leslie Moonves: Number one, as you get more and more players in the marketplace and more and more ways of selling it, the sky is the limit. You're right. Everybody said, once upon a time, people gave 0 value to domestic on dramas on ours. Now when you look at the fierce competitiveness and the different ways of selling these things, both exclusively and non-exclusively, these aren't one-offs. As I go back to the last 4 or 5 deals we've done between NCIS: L.A. and Hawaii Five-0 and Blue Bloods and Elementary, you look at them, and every single deal was vastly different with different partners. And the sky is the limit. And with all these players demanding our programming, the more good stuff we have, the more good deals we're going to make. And the marketplace is exploding. It really is. And internationally, once again, from a few years ago, where we were making $400 million, last year our international folks brought in over $1.2 billion in revenue from our products. So that marketplace also is exploding. Remember, per an earlier question, the Netflixes of the world are also going international, and they're also bidding up the competition, plus internationally, there are more markets that are getting more aggressive for our content. Asia's opening up. South America's opening up, and Eastern Europe's opening up. So once again, that marketplace is growing as well.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And, Joe, one quick one for you. Going back to the buyback. I'm sorry if I missed this, but should the increased pace in the first quarter now be viewed as a new run rate for the year?
Joseph R. Ianniello: No, I think look, John, we're going to take it -- as you said, we're going to go into the Outdoor transaction. We're going to be raising, obviously, IPO proceeds. So I think, again, it's going to be part of an overall strategy, as we fine tune it. Right now, we just want to get this $2 billion executed in Q1.
Operator: We'll go next to Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: My question's on the SVOD revenues. You gave a lot of detail and talked about the pipeline and a lot of recent deals you've been signing. A couple of questions on it. I guess, do you think the SVOD revenues will actually be up year-over-year in '14 versus '13? And then also a lot of the announcements we've seen more recently and you've touched on is Amazon and Hulu, Hulu Plus, are you seeing, I guess more so at Hulu, because Amazon's a big player in the market for a while, Hulu becoming a much more competitive bidder and I guess have deeper pockets now?
Leslie Moonves: Well, once again, we distinguish between Hulu and Hulu Plus. Hulu Plus is an SVOD. And obviously, we're not part of Hulu, and there's a big distinction there. But clearly by this last deal, they were a competitor to Netflix and Amazon. They're now over 5 million subs. So they're a big, big player. And yes, SVOD will be up substantially in '14 over '13.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then just a follow-up, if I can, on the NFL Thursday Night Football, which looks like a great win for you guys, do you think there is -- I mean, is there a possibility that could turn into a multi-year deal? I know it was initially for just 1 year. Is that part of your thinking?
Leslie Moonves: Look, the deal is for 1 year, and we're hopeful that we show them how great we are. And as I said, we're very flattered they chose us because at the end of the day, it wasn't about the money. It was about who would be a great partner. So our goal is, at the end of next season, they say, "My god, CBS did a sensational job. We want to continue with them." But there's no guarantee of that.
Operator: We'll go next to Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A couple of questions. First, for Joe, what's the margins we should expect on these incremental retrans revenues? Now they're giving 7-year guidance for retrans revenue, we figure we'd try for 7-year guidance on some other metrics. What's the flow-through on the incremental retrans growth these days?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Just -- when we look at retrans, there's 100% flow-through. I mean, our thought is we're spending this programming as part of our overall strategy. So when we went after the NFL Thursday night package, it wasn't -- we're not saying predicating incremental retrans. Obviously, we think we can get it, but when we look at the retrans dollars, all we're trying to get on retrans of is fair value for the content we're providing today. And I think the statistics and the viewership and the audience justifies that. So we look at those as hundred set dollars, Doug.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: On the ASR, is that already partly executed, fully executed? Is that just getting started now? How does that work?
Joseph R. Ianniello: It's just getting started now. So we announce it today, tomorrow is a cooling-off period. And we'd put it in effect on Friday.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Les, help with the scatter market. I know you guys talked in your prepared remarks about scatter pricing double digit over the upfront. There was a volume issue in the fourth quarter that seems better in the first quarter. Is there anything -- when you look at the breadth of categories, which ones are growing versus shrinking, sell-out at this point in terms of volume versus this point last year for the first quarter? Is there any depth that you can give us to how you feel the health of the scatter market is today?
Leslie Moonves: All I can tell you it's -- that it's very healthy. It's not something -- I speak to our sales guys a couple of times a week, and there is a lot of activity going on. The GRAMMYs sold through the roof. Obviously, the NCAA tournament's going extremely well. We're very pleased with the pricing there. And as we head into the rest of the season post-Olympics, everything for us is looking great. And the Olympics, we're just doing a holding pattern, and then we explode again.
Operator: We'll go next to Laura Martin with Needham & Company.
Laura A. Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Yes. A couple. One is, you guys were saying after you spin-off Outdoor, the mix of revenue will be 50-50 advertising, non-advertising. What do you think the normalized rate is, longer term? Because we're getting really fast growth in non-ad revenues. So I'm interested in your normalized. And then kind of building on Anthony's question. Now that we have the NFL on Thursday nights, which is predominately male, and historically, you guys were the strongest ratings on Thursday nights, predominately female. Does this: A, change when you introduce your new fall schedule, and do you go to a more of a year-round introduction? Or do you go to shorter seasons? And what does it do to your upfront numbers? Doesn't it add a bunch of men to your guarantee, which typically is somewhat higher CPMs. So do you end up with a lot higher upfront number, but don't get into trouble with your sales force, Les?
Leslie Moonves: I'll answer the second first. And then, Joe, you could answer the first. Regarding the NFL, yes. It is a large percentage males, but there's still a lot of women that do watch it. This just tightens our schedule. What happens is, our Thursday night schedule will come on at the end of October, early November. So we will have very high rates. And yes, there will be more men watching on Thursday, but still, a lot of women watch football. What we will do with our Thursday night is we have some big shows, such as The Big Bang Theory, which leads off Thursday night, and we're not going to wait until November to launch that. That's going to be on the air on some other night, which will grow the ratings and the rates on some other night for The Big Bang Theory. And we have that possibility with Elementary on the other end of the schedule. So what it will mean is, we will have more original programming on throughout the year, a few less repeats. And I think the upfront sales, as you know, the NFL sells better than anything else, the volume will be extremely high. And the male-female balance is not something that we are even slightly concerned about.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And, Laura, on your question, mathematically just so you're clear, it does not get us to the 50-50, we're just taking out Outdoor if you looked at it kind of for 2013. So what Les referred to, that was our target, that's our goal. So we'll be still slightly higher, but with the non-advertising revenues growing faster, that is our goal to get to 50-50 organically.
Operator: We'll take our next question from David Miller with Topeka Capital Markets.
David W. Miller - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Yes. Two questions for Joe. Joe on the $1.5 billion ASR, the way I've been thinking about your buyback program this year is you've got the $6 billion organic buyback then you've got the future extraction of cash from the CBS Outdoor transaction, and then you've got the share exchange, which you talked about just a few minutes ago. Should I assume or should we assume that the $1.5 billion ASR effectively, sort of de facto, represents the extraction of cash there before you even extracted cash? Or is that something else? And then I just -- I have a follow-up.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. Look, cash is fungible. The way we kind of look at it, which $1.5 billion is it? We obviously -- just the $1.6 billion of debt on the Outdoor transaction. So we're sitting obviously flush with a lot of cash here in February. So again, it's part and parcel of the underlying $6 billion program, as well as the onetime Outdoor transaction. So the Outdoor transaction rate debts are going to raise IPO proceeds. That gives us cash, plus our free cash flow, but it's all part of the program that we look at, David. So we just -- we're focused on the share count. We're being smart about how we're buying back our stock. But again it is our top priority.
David W. Miller - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. Perfect, and then maybe, Les, you can chime in on this one if you like. You guys are a large organization. You know a lot of people in Washington. You sort of have your ears to the ground with a lot of regulatory bodies. You obviously have a lot of well-paid attorneys. I mean, what are all these bodies kind of telling you about the process within the IRS? What's the IRS thinking? What are your attorneys telling you with regard to just level of confidence in terms of PLR approval and timing thereof? Anything you could tell us would be great.
Leslie Moonves: You're right. We are paying a lot of attorneys a lot of money, way too much. No, guys, guys...
Joseph R. Ianniello: Look, David, I think we've remained consistent on this point throughout from the time we announced this. We feel our position is right squarely within the rules of the IRS for this. We think there's some precedent for this. Obviously, we also have another peer of ours taking the same position. So the timing is really kind of up to them, and we'll continue to respond to any questions they have. But we're feeling very good about our position.
Operator: We'll go next to Alan Gould with Evercore.
Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Les, you said that this year -- or Joe said, this year would be a record -- a significant increase in SVOD revenues in 2014. Were you up north of 20%? And can you give us some idea if you're close to the $450 million already in SVOD?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Say the question again. Who said $450 million?
Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Sure. How much was your SVOD revenue in 2014? And what percent increase was that roughly?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Look, Al, we don't give guidance for 2014, obviously...
Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I meant 2013, I'm sorry.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Directionally, you'll -- okay, directionally, it's hundreds of millions of dollars. Again there's new deals we're doing all the time to grow that. So really, it's just a function of the content we make available. So we have a lot of flexibility, kind of in choice on what series -- for instance, as an example, we have 250 episodes of CSI.
Leslie Moonves: 300.
Joseph R. Ianniello: 300, see. 300 episodes of CSI. So we have a lot of flexibilities at how and when we do that. So we don't want to get boxed into a growth rate percentage SVOD over SVOD. I think an earlier question said, if you just look at the content licensing, and you look at that number growing, I think that will be the best kind of guidance we can guide you to.
Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Can you give us a base number of what that -- I guess you gave the licensing revenue.
Joseph R. Ianniello: You got it.
Operator: We'll take our last question from Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I have a couple. The first, we've heard from a lot of the broadcasters that the pace of business in the first quarter has been pretty significantly impacted by the weather. So just wanted to know if you're seeing the same thing across your local TV, Radio, Outdoor and networks. So in essence, your core might actually be stronger than your pacings would suggest. That's the first.
Leslie Moonves: No. Marci, we're not seeing that. Actually we like the bad weather, because more people are at home turning on their television sets. So that's why our ratings are so good, and we see it when there's snow. Our ratings -- now, sincerely, we have not seen -- I think the advertising -- we sell advertising by the telephone or online right now. And so, we have not seen that. We saw the reports by some of our competitors, but we haven't felt the same thing. We don't feel like that's been a factor.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And I just want to confirm the accounting for syndication in SVOD. It's my understanding that you recognize revenue when these shows become available. So can you confirm that with all of the new deals it's actually you, CBS, that determines the timing of the availability of these shows?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. Marci, it's Joe. It's in the contract. So, for instance, the first cycle stuff is when we make that available. So Hawaii Five-0 and Blue Bloods are later this year. Elementary is going to be '16 or '15. Library deals, it's when again, as you said, the shows are made available, and we'll work with our partners to see how they want to stagger availability. So it's really contract by contract. But again, the trigger for revenue recognition is when they're made available. But the cash flow, which is equally important, coming over time.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And I have one last quick one for Les. If Aereo does win the Supreme Court case, is there any risk to your $2 billion retrans reverse comp target for 2020?
Leslie Moonves: No. We will hit that number regardless of what happens with Aereo.
Adam Townsend: And this concludes today's call. Thank you, everyone, for joining us. Have a great evening.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-06 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President of Investor Relations Sumner M. Redstone - Founder and Executive Chairman Joseph R. Ianniello - Former Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasurer Leslie Moonves - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Laura A. Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division David W. Miller - B. Riley Caris, Research Division Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Vijay A. Jayant - ISI Group, Inc. Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CBS Corporation Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Release Teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead, sir.
Adam Townsend: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter 2013 earnings call. Joining me for today's discussion are Sumner Redstone, our Executive Chairman; Leslie Moonves, President and CEO; and Joe Ianniello, Chief Operating Officer. Sumner will have opening remarks, and we'll turn the call over to Les and Joe, who will then discuss the strategic and financial results. We will then open up the call to questions. Please note that during today's conference call, certain 2013 actual results will be compared against 2012 adjusted results. Reconciliation for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found in our earnings release or on our website. In addition, statements in this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's news releases and security filings. A webcast of this call and the earnings release for today's presentation can be found on the Investors section of our website at cbscorporation.com. And with that, it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Sumner.
Sumner M. Redstone: Thank you, Adam. Good afternoon, everyone. I am, once again, extremely pleased for CBS's third quarter. We are clearly on our way to have an outstanding year. Our contents commands a premium across every platform. And with Les and his team leading the way, we've got a long, long way to go. So without further ado, I'll turn the call over to my good friend and colleague, CBS's President and Chief Executive, the man I could call a miracle worker.
Adam Townsend: Thank you, Sumner, for that nice introduction. Good afternoon, everybody, and thank you for joining us. I'm pleased to report today that CBS has currently gained its best third quarter in our history, in all key metrics including double-digit revenue growth and healthy increases in OIBDA, operating income and EPS. Revenue was up 11% to $3.6 billion. OIBDA was up 4% to $941 million. Operating income was up 5% to $828 million. And EPS was up 19% to $0.76. These results are very consistent with what you've been seeing all year long. We've had a record-breaking first half followed by this best third quarter we've ever had. And we're well on our way to a record full year in 2013. As you'll hear today, we're also extremely confident we'll have a terrific 2014 and many years beyond that as well. The reason we continue to post such strong results and have such great confidence on our future is because in addition to the vitality of our base business, our fast-growing nonadvertising revenue streams are getting better all the time. This concludes continued healthy increases in international syndication, digital streaming, cable affiliate fees and of course, retrans and reverse comp. Speaking of that, I know you've all been focused on the Time Warner Cable dispute, the factors that the blackout did not negatively affect our company's third quarter results, and obviously has led to dramatic gains in retrans, which is now up 50% year-to-date. And you'll see even bigger increases in the years to come. In addition, and very importantly, we also retained full digital rights to our content, giving us the flexibility to do a number of deals since we struck the Time Warner Cable one. These include our first major streaming deal for Showtime series with Netflix, a deal with Comcast to license our content to its online Streampix service, an agreement to bring the Smithsonian network to Apple TV and expansion of our CBS app to include all of our primetime shows on both the iOS and Android platforms a new international streaming deal for Under the Dome with Amazon to go along with the domestic agreement we already have with them, our second streaming deal with Latin America and the Caribbean and others as well with more to come. But once again, these deals show the importance of retaining our digital rights. Plus, this constant flow of deals has brought our mix of advertising and nonadvertising revenue to a virtual 50-50 split for the first time ever. It's quite a different story from just a few years ago when it was more like 70-30. The good news is that our traditional advertising business is also growing strongly, including network advertising, which was up 13% during the quarter, the highest in many, many years. The driving force behind our continued strong performance is CBS's evolution into a company focused around content. And once the separation of our Outdoor Americas business is complete, you'll be seeing more quarters like this one with about 1/2 of our revenue coming from non-advertising sources. Plus, the moves we are making in Outdoor, as well as the continued health of our company will enable us to return more value to our investors. We've always said that returning capital to shareholders is a key priority for us. And you can be certain that it will continue going forward as well. Now let's take a look at the performance of each of our businesses, starting with Entertainment. Then I'll turn it over to Joe for more insight into our results followed by your questions. The company's terrific third quarter numbers were driven by our successful summer programming schedule on the CBS Television Network. We greatly increased our output of original programming, including the expanded schedule for Big Brother, new episodes of Unforgettable and the debut of Under the Dome. As you know, ratings for Under the Dome were beyond all expectations. And we own 100% of this new franchise, meaning we will continue to monetize it for years to come. Next summer, we'll have season 2 of Under the Dome, as well as another new original series called, Extant, which is also from Steven Spielberg's Amblin Entertainment, and stars, Halley Berry, in her first television series. Just like Under the Dome, we own Extant 100%. Through the success of our summer programming, we have in essence created a whole new day-part where we are now generating significant new advertising revenue, creating new digital streaming models to fund production and launching new own content franchises that will pay off for years to come. Our momentum has continued into the fall season where CBS is, once again, the most watched network. We have 3 of the top 5 shows on television and 14 time-period winning programs more than all of the other networks combined. We also have the top 3 new comedies in The Millers, The Crazy Ones and Mom. Plus, we have the #1 show on television, NCIS, the #1 comedy in The Big Bang Theory. Both of these the shows are pulling in more than 20 million viewers a week, and thanks to the strength of our schedule scattered here in the fourth quarter is up double digits above the upfront and double digits above this time last year as well. At the same time, there are also some exciting developments underway in the network television business model. We are moving towards the universal. And we get paid fair value for every impression we offer to our advertisers. This is still evolving, but it's inevitable and will benefit us in a number of ways. First, VOD viewing is now being measured by Nielsen. And we're getting paid for the viewing that occurs within the first 3 days of air. Next, as you've heard before, were having discussions about changing the standard measurement window beyond 3 days. We have already concluded deals with some significant clients for 7-day viewing. And we expect this to be the norm for next season. There is clearly value in advertising that's seen between days 4 and 7 and beyond that as well. We intend to monetize that viewing going forward. In addition, technology will increasingly allow programmers to insert clients up to the minute messages no matter when a program is watched. The current buzzword for this is dynamic ad insertion. And it's another great growth opportunity for us. Plus, all of this doesn't even take into consideration the ad dollars we generate when our programming is viewed on the Internet, as evidenced by another strong quarter of double-digit revenue growth at CBS Interactive. So from VOD to 7-day viewing to dynamic ad insertion to Internet streaming, we are on our way to monetizing every eyeball that's viewing our content. It's clear that in this era of ever-changing technology, the world can no longer be looked at as it used to be. And measurement continues to get more sophisticated, the future for us looks very bright. And that goes for live events, too, where we continue to generate bigger and bigger audiences. During the quarter, our broadcast of the primetime Emmy awards delivered the show's largest audience in 8 years. Meanwhile, our NFL football ratings are 5% ahead of last year's huge numbers, including the highest-rated games so far this season when the Broncos came back to win against the Cowboys. And our SEC football coverage is up 23% for the season, led by the Alabama-Texas A&M matchup, which threw our best ratings for a regular-season afternoon college football game in 23 years. These strong ratings, by the way, are being sold into a very healthy sports marketplace here in the fourth quarter. In addition, our live events are increasingly getting a lift from social media, which is proving to be a powerful complementary platform for us. And thanks to new deals like our amplifying initiative with Twitter, we're not only benefiting promotionally, but we're now beginning to monetize clips of these events as well. Speaking of big events, CBS Films is coming off a terrific opening for Last Vegas. With a modest budget, the movie exceeds expectations over the weekend by pulling in north of $16 million at the box office and has done significant business since then as well. Plus, it earned an A- in the score rating, meaning that it stands to have strong legs in the weeks ahead. And later in the quarter, we look forward to the premiere of Inside Llewyn Davis from the Coen brothers, which earlier this year won the Grand Prix of the Cannes Film Festival. Turning to news, quality continues to translate into quantity as exceptional coverage leads to high ratings. CBS This Morning, CBS Evening News with Scott Pelley, CBS Sunday Morning and Face the Nation are all delivering their highest ratings in years. And 60 Minutes remains the #1 news program overall. Plus, just a few weeks ago, CBS News won 12 Emmy awards the most of any network and far more than the other 2 major broadcast networks combined. So our content is hitting on all cylinders. And its success is fueling our ability to get paid in all sorts of other ways as well. For example, one of the key drivers during the quarter was the domestic syndication sale of both NCIS: L.A. and The Good Wife, which led to 18% growth in content licensing and distribution. We are now replicating this kind of syndication success at Showtime, which I'll talk about in a minute. And across the company, we are replenishing the pipeline with new owned franchises that will continue to drive our results. This includes the recently announced new spinoff of NCIS that will be set in New Orleans, and will also be produced by CBS Studios. Internationally, we're once again using our content as a form of investment and to new markets. During the quarter, we announced a deal with one of the largest media companies in Europe, the RTL group, to expand into 29 markets across Asia. Going forward, we will continue to take advantage of opportunities to expand our footprint through ventures like this. And as I mentioned, we are also beginning to receive fair value for our content in retrans and reverse comp. We are the #1 network. And we will continue to negotiate rates that are more in line with the numbers of viewers we bring to our programming distributors. It was, obviously, unfortunate, that we could not reach a deal with Time Warner Cable more quickly and peaceably, just as we did with Verizon FiOS. But we emerged with better rates, full digital flexibility and more viewers. And our record breaking third quarter results today speak for themselves. This is also the first time, remember, in over 100 negotiations in the past few years that we have ever gone dark. Going forward, we are optimistic that we will forge new deals that recognize the full value of CBS. And we also look forward to striking new agreements with our affiliates for reverse compensation, many of which are coming up for renegotiation at the end of next year. Meanwhile, in Cable, we also continue to make progress in rates as well as distribution. Showtime is growing subs for 10 straight years. And the CBS Sports Network is now in more than 50 million homes, with significantly more to come in '14. Of course, original programming is the core of our success at Showtime. Homeland remains the network's #1 show. A new season is 25% ahead of the last one. Our newest series, Masters of Sex, has also become a hit with ratings 31% higher than Homeland's fresh new season. And both of these shows have, of course, been renewed. In addition, as I mentioned earlier, we have begun licensing our Showtime programs just as we've done so successfully at CBS. A few weeks ago, we announced the deal to license Dexter to Netflix. And we're in the process of licensing the show to various cable networks and local broadcast groups as well. When it's said and done, we will have achieved the same sort of syndication value per show for Dexter as we have for NCIS: L.A. and The Good Wife. Plus, we will continue to make Dexter available to subscribers on our Showtime Anytime app. And now our latest hit, Ray Donovan, has finished its freshman season as Showtime's top-rated new series. And we own it 100%. So you can expect to see the benefits of this new series into the future as well. Meanwhile, our new boxing deal with Floyd Mayweather has taken Showtime Sports to a whole new level. Last month's Mayweather-Canelo Alvarez fight was the highest grossing pay-per-view event of all time. And we look forward to continuing to grow this franchise in the years ahead. Also, in Cable, our recent investment in the TV Guide Network has begun extremely well. Over the summer, we added CBS programming into the mix, resulting in triple-digit ratings increases. In Publishing, we also had a strong quarter, Simon & Schuster, turning solid revenue growth and even better profit growth. And digital book sales were up 39%. Meanwhile, excluding political from a year ago, Local Broadcasting revenue was also up during the quarter. And our New York duopoly, including our flagship station, WCBS, was up 10%. And that includes political from last year. This double-digit growth was achieved during a quarter when the station was dark during the entire month of August. Just to show how strong we came out of that in the month immediately following the blackout, WCBS was the top billing station in the country. Turning to radio, the CBS Sports Radio network continues to help drive our results. Plus, digital revenue was up 19% in the quarter. And nontraditional revenue, including our growing local events business, was up 9%. So across the company, this was a terrific quarter. The performance of our base business was extremely strong. And our newest, fast-growing nonadvertising revenue sources are having a dramatic impact on the results. As I said, we already know that 2013 will be CBS's best year ever. We're now fully focused on executing the same sort of success in 2014 and beyond. Here's why we're so confident in where we're headed. First, we have 2 more of our hit shows, Hawaii Five-0 and Blue Bloods, going into first-cycle syndication next year. And we have refilled the pipeline to the years ahead with shows like Elementary, Ray Donovan, Under the Dome, The Millers and more on the way. Next, we'll continue to renegotiate our retrans and reverse comp deals to recognize the fair market value of CBS. Our 2 major deals this summer reset the bar for just 20% of our footprint, meaning there's a lot more growth to come. As a result, we are now tracking well ahead of the $1 billion in 2017 that we've told you about in the past. In addition, 2014 is another political year. We fully expect to surpass 2012 because midterm elections, historically, generate more revenues for us. And we have a number of big elections coming up in our O&O markets. Considering the rhetoric in Washington, there will be a lot of money raised and spent next year. And as always, rancor equals revenue. Plus, we have closed on our sale of our Outdoor business in Europe and Asia. And the separation of our Outdoor Americas business next year will mean that roughly 1/2 of CBS's revenue going forward will come from steady and recurring sources. This move will also greatly solidify our ability to return value to shareholders. Joe will give you an update on all this in a little bit. Finally, as we continue to evolve into a company that is all about premium content, I'm particularly excited about the work we're doing across CBS to create and own new programming. Each new franchise we produce allows us to take advantage of the increasing financial opportunities afforded by technology. And this is what will drive CBS to continued future success. Thank you. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jeff.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Thanks, Les, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'm going to provide some more details about our third quarter results. Then I'll talk about what we see had and lastly, give you an update on our Outdoor initiatives. Let's start with the third quarter. Our third quarter results once again demonstrate the benefits of CBS's ongoing evolution as we continue to monetize our content across all platforms. During the quarter, our established hit shows fueled increases in streaming and syndication, while our new programming drove advertising revenue higher. And we replenished our content pipeline for more growth down the road. Our third quarter revenue of $3.6 billion was up 11%. And we had increases in every one of our key revenue types. Advertising revenue continued to accelerate and grew 4% for the quarter, driven by the success of our game-changing summer lineup at the CBS Television Network. Content licensing and distribution was up 18%, primarily a result of higher syndication revenue from NCIS: Los Angeles and The Good Wife. And affiliate and subscription fees were up 23% led by our Floyd Mayweather pay-per-view fight, higher retrans and reverse compensation and continued underlying growth at Showtime and the CBS Sports Network. OIBDA of $941 million was up 4%, which includes significant investment in programming with our 2 new franchise hits of the summer, Under the Dome and Ray Donovan, as well as the Mayweather fight. We turned that OIBDA increase into net income growth of 12%. And together, with the benefit of our share buyback program, we delivered EPS growth of 70 -- of 19% to $0.76 per share. On a year-to-date basis, the story is very consistent as well. Year-to-date revenue of $11.4 billion was up 9%. Year-to-date, OIBDA of $2.8 billion was up 7%. Year-to-date operating income of $2.5 billion was up 9%. And year-to-date EPS of $2.25 was up 18%. These results are the best we have ever reported in a 9-month period, and puts us in a position for another record-breaking year in 2013. Now let's turn to our operating segments. Entertainment revenue of $1.9 billion for the third quarter was up 12%, driven by strong gains in retrans, syndication and streaming, as well as a 13% increase in network advertising, the highest quarterly increase in several years. In addition, CBS Interactive revenue grew 15%. Entertainment OIBDA was up 12% to $431 million, driven by the healthy revenue increases that I just mentioned. And the OIBDA margin held steady at a solid 23%. In our Cable Networks segment, Q3 revenue of $596 million was up 37% year-over-year, driven by a number of factors, including the Mayweather fight, higher content licensing from Dexter and Ray Donovan and underlying traditional affiliate revenue growth with continued increases in both rates and subscribers. Cable OIBDA of $261 million was up 15%, reflecting strong revenue growth, as well as higher program costs for sports and original series. Even with the pay-per-view event, the Cable OIBDA margin was a solid 44% for the quarter. Turning to Publishing, third quarter revenue of $224 million was up 7% on strong digital and print sales, led by Doctor Sleep by Stephen King and our 3 Duck Commander titles. And yes, we also monetize those Duck Dynasty guys. Across the segment, e-books represented 27% of the total revenue, up from 21% in the third quarter of last year. The growth of the more profitable digital sales also led to a 10% increase in OIBDA to $43 million. And the Publishing OIBDA margin expanded to an all-time high of 19%, which demonstrates that we can continue to grow the margin as the business shifts to more and more digital. In Local Broadcasting, nonpolitical revenue was up 1%, with TV stations up slightly and radio up 2%. Reported results were obviously affected by last year's political spending. As Les said, in our largest market, New York, TV station advertising revenue was up 10%. And that includes the impact of the Time Warner Cable disruption. The 2 biggest advertising categories of this segment, Automotive and Entertainment, were both up low single-digits. Local Broadcasting OIBDA of $181 million was down 15% for the quarter due to the top political advertising comparison to last year and the benefit we received from a new music royalty agreement in Q3 of 2012. At Outdoor Americas, third quarter revenue of $341 million was up 2% led by the U.S. billboard and displays business up 4%. Outdoor OIBDA of $110 million grew 5% in the third quarter. And the Outdoor OIBDA margin expanded 100 basis points to 32%. Turning to cash flow and our balance sheet. Free cash flow came in at $402 million for the quarter. That's more than double the $182 million we had in Q3 of 2012, which also included a $60 million payment for our debt refinancings. Year-to-date, free cash flow of $1.4 billion is up over last year even with a $150 million discretionary pension payment. We continue to believe that the highest and best use of our excess cash is to buy back our stock. During the third quarter, we used $279 million of our authorization to retire more than 5 million shares of our stock. Year-to-date, we have returned more than $1.8 billion to our shareholders by retiring nearly 40 million shares at an average price of $46 per share. And from the time and share repurchase program was initiated in January 2011 through the end of this year's third quarter, we have returned more than $4.7 billion of value to shareholders. That includes $746 million in quarterly dividends, as well as $4 billion used to retire 117 million shares at an average price of $34 per share. So as of September 30, we had $5.8 billion remaining on our share repurchase program. And we expect to repurchase $2.2 billion of our stock this year, which implies an accelerated pace of buyback in Q4. Also, at the end of the third quarter, we had $226 million of cash on hand. Now let me give you a few observations of what we see ahead in Q4. Network advertising is performing strongly. As Les said, scatter pricing is up double digits at the CBS Television Network. Our Local Broadcasting on a nonpolitical basis, our TV stations are pacing to be up high-single digits. And radio is pacing to be up low-single digits. Meanwhile, Outdoor is pacing to be up low- to mid-single digits. Now let me give you an update on our Outdoor transactions. In January, we announced our intention to sell our Outdoor business in Europe and Asia and pursue the conversion of our Outdoor Americas business into a REIT. We already accomplished the first initiative as we closed on a sale of our Europe and Asia business during the third quarter. And we have made great strides in the separation of our Americas business as well. During the first quarter, we filed a private letter ruling request with the IRS. And in Q2, we filed a registration statement with the SEC, just as we said we would. In addition, we also brought in Jeremy Male from JCDecaux as our CEO to help lead the IPO. So the separation of our Outdoor Americas business is progressing well and remains on track for 2014. In summary, we are on a great run. We have many growth drivers ahead, starting with next year's political campaigns and the completion of our Outdoor initiatives. Beyond that, syndication and streaming will continue to thrive as we replenish our pipeline. And of course, higher retrans and reverse compensation will continue as we renegotiate our contracts to reflect the fair value of our content. We are successfully transforming CBS into a content-centric company with an increased emphasis on non-advertising revenue. As a result, we are diversifying our revenue mix, returning more capital to shareholders and driving EPS growth. So we are on track for another record 2013. And we're very excited about our future. With that, Tom, you can open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Les, you've been able to bring some pretty significant procedurals to syndication for a while here. And obviously, you got one -- a couple this year, a couple next year. And there's concern you'll run out of bullets as we head into '15. You made some comments in your prepared remarks that suggest you've got some more. Can you talk about sort of Elementary and where that is in terms of getting to that second cycle promise land? Is '15 realistic? And then on the colony front, it's been a long time, I think, since maybe Raymond, that you've had an owned comedy, make it to second cycle off net. How are you feeling about, I know it's very early days, but how are you feeling about the new comedies on the network? And do you think we can start thinking about what those could mean to the company over the long term?
Leslie Moonves: Yes. Regarding Elementary, Elementary is Thursday night 10:00. It's doing very, very well, especially the 10:00 shows when you take in the C3 and the C7 numbers. Elementary is one of the biggest jump-ups. It's almost a gain of 4 million viewers in the first weeks of that. So Elementary is going to be a very powerful tool. And obviously, since we own it, and since the world is changing rapidly, we absolutely have the ability to put it out into syndication in a variety of ways in '15. Regarding the comedies, I'm really excited about The Millers. It's performing very well. It's our first owned comedy, you're right, in a few years. And we think it has a terrific cast and a terrific off-season, great producer. And the numbers are hanging in there very nicely. And we expect that it's going to be there for the long run, which as you know, can turn into a major, major revenue stream. So we're really excited about it. Look, between CBS and Showtime, there's the constant drive to own more and more of our content, as exhibited by Under the Dome and what we have next summer. And frankly, I'm very excited about another brand-new NCIS, which the pilot's going to be on in April, and hopefully, is on the schedule next fall. And that begins once again when you have billion-dollar franchises, it's good to have the third brother in the lock coming up.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Sure. And then just as a follow-up for Joe, on the expense side. The incremental margins at Entertainment, Joe, were a little lower than they've been in the first half. I know there's a lot of volatility quarter-to-quarter, but can you just talk about any context you'd give us around the expense trends at Entertainment this quarter?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, sure. Ben, now look, I think it's more driven by more original hours of content. And again, we're comping against a lot of political preemptions of last year. So think about more hours investing in it. It's our best ROI when we can have these hit franchises. So we're, actually, I look at it, Ben, is we're able to maintain the margin. If I was looking at margin on a year-to-date basis, and if you look at the company, I think year-to-date, it's 25% compared to last year 25%, but we're building for the future. So I think, again, it's a very healthy mix.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Same thing, one for Les and one for Joe. So Les, obviously, the biggest value driver for the company has been the creation of very successful content. How much further -- you mentioned that you want to use both Showtime and CBS's platforms, maybe CW as well. But could you just talk about how much room there is to expand, how much more can you scale up?
Leslie Moonves: There's always -- remember, I said it's difficult for producers to say, "Well, gee, your schedule was pretty packed with a lot of hits." But guess what? We have -- we always have 4 or 5 that we put on the fall. We always have room for more there, as well as Showtime, can continue to expand. The same thing with the CW. We have a very successful production company at the studio, which has 20-some-odd shows in production. Showtime is doing their own production. Syndication continues to do very well. And we've created, as we said, a whole new day-part in the summer now. So the idea, Under the Dome, the economics are fabulous. We started out saying, "All right, how can we do original programming in the summer?" And when we took an international number and add that to the Amazon number, suddenly, we covered the cost of production. So we were in profit before the show even went on the air in the summer. And then when it ended up being a hit, that turned into all profit in the summer. We intend to do that with Extant and year 2 of Under the Dome, of which we own 100%. So it's sort of this fairly unlimited, what we're going to be able to produce. In addition, we're starting to produce 4 other services as well. We are producing some cable shows. And so the sky's the limit.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then for Joe, I just want to go back to the Outdoor disposition. You mentioned the IPO is Q1. How should we think about the use in timing of proceeds? And what is the potential to lever up now that revenue, once you -- once it's separated, revenue from advertising is 50% or so?
Joseph R. Ianniello: I got it. Sure, Jessica. Look, our expectation is in Q1, we will have the IPO. So the Outdoor business would lever up. And so the cash we receive, CBS receives via dividend from that plus the IPO proceeds, we will look at that to reduce shares outstanding and accelerate our share buyback. Then we will follow that up, probably Q2, Q3 with a split-off transaction, which will act again as a another share buyback, whether it will be in exchange of preferred 20 business days. So that's the current plan and intention. So we're feeling pretty good about that. Obviously, as Les said, we are changing the mix of this company to 50-50. So we're absolutely creating financial flexibility on the balance sheet. And we're feeling, again, also very good about that. So 2014, I think we get the kind of -- reshape the capital structure here with Outdoor and looking at, again, our leverage capacity.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Bank with RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I think you guys syndicated NCIS: L.A. after 6 episodes. Does that mean NCIS: New Orleans before you even have it, they expected to be [indiscernible]
Leslie Moonves: Yes. We're going to wait until the first commercial break. And then we're going to syndicate, depending on the ratings.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So I think one of the most interesting things about the deal with Time Warner is sort of no secret that you didn't have to give up authentic -- digital authentication TV Everywhere rights, even though you got a pretty hefty price reportedly. So why is it that you -- why didn't you kind of have a TV Everywhere authenticated product? And what are your plans to do with those exclusive authenticated rights?
Leslie Moonves: Sure, David. Look, we're open to TV authentication. So we wanted to preserve the flexibility to pursue that. We just want to be paid for that. The right of our content traveling with the consumer, we think we should be getting paid for that. And it's not -- everything can't be included in the one rate that we negotiate with the MVPDs. Those are rights -- rates for inside the home. And that's what we kind of bargain for. And so we're opened to having all sorts of conversations and maintain flexibility doing that. But it's our content. We spend a lot of money for that intellectual property. And we want to fully monetize that.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So would that imply that there's kind of upside to the new run rate, retrans number if they were to include the TV Everywhere authentication rights?
Leslie Moonves: Sure. Look, to me, again, that's new distribution outlets, different forms. And again, that's all incremental.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Morris with Guggenheim Securities.
Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Two questions. First, on the 13% ad growth to the network in the quarter and the creation of the new day-part that you referenced, Les, I'm curious where did those advertising dollars come from? I think, I mean historically, there probably hasn't been as much content in the summer because the ad demand hasn't been there to support it. So what has changed there? I mean it's one show, so it's not huge in the grand scheme of things, but over time, I mean is there a lot more opportunity in that, that space you haven't really tapped into yet? And then I have a follow-up.
Leslie Moonves: The share of the audience, as I said, the reason we did the model the way we did for Under the Dome was you don't expect there to be great ratings in the summertime, which is why we had to sell it internationally and get the Amazon deal available. When the ratings went higher, we took a greater share from our competitors at that point in time. That's why the more original programming, advertisers are coming in to pay those rates if the viewership is there. In the past, the viewership hasn't been there. And I think the network, frankly, sort of allowed cable to take away the product and then we've now -- we're now taking it back, is what I'm trying to do along with cable. So there are advertising dollars as long as the product's there with good rates.
Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Great, great. And then on the Dexter licensing revenue in the quarter, and Ray Donovan as well, who was the partner that you licensed to? And was it all the seasons of Dexter? Was it with partial in terms of what you have in the pipeline?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Mike, it's Joe. Dexter was licensed to Netflix. And I would just caution to you, and I think you're going to see the balance of that in Q1 of 2014.
Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: So no Netflix revenue related to Dexter in the fourth quarter, then? It's third quarter and 1Q '14?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Not for Netflix. There could be, obviously, some sales to the traditional syndication. As Les said, Cable Networks are syndication, but not with Netflix.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Janedis with UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Every September, it feels like the market gets nervous around the broadcast ratings. Can you talk about how you feel a few weeks in? And for some of the work David Poltrack has done, can you give us an update on the impact from moving to C7?
Leslie Moonves: Yes. I think the broadcast ratings are pretty terrific across-the-board when you count in. What's happening now is the ratings are being counted in a much different way than even just a few short years ago. When you add in everything that is there, the numbers are actually going up significantly across-the-board. Now we're not getting paid for every dollar of that, but I think clearly we're heading that way. Once again, there is a sizable number of people that's watching days 4 through 7. And we've just put out a report about first 30 days. So that's not insignificant. So you take a show like Hostages, which is considered performing on a mediocre basis. It only had about 8 million viewers in its initial broadcast. When you look at the 30-day number, it's over 16 million. So it is more than doubled. Those numbers are going to be more and more calculated. We're going to get paid for that. So the poll track view of the world is coming true. And as I said, I think broadcast is viewed as healthy as it's been in many, many years because we are finally getting credit for all the online viewing, for all the VOD viewing, for all the DVR viewing that's out there. And I think the broadcast industry should feel very good about itself.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got it. Maybe quickly going back to the retrans comments, can you help us think about the timing? Meaning is it fair to say that the Time Warner Cable and the Verizon deals bring your target forward by about a year or so? And with the new FCC, do you see the potential for any regulations to have an impact on that revenue stream going forward?
Joseph R. Ianniello: John, it's Joe. The way I would think about the retrans and timing, I think it's just they're bigger numbers, the way you intend the run rates that have been and, obviously, accelerate. Obviously, we have to wait until the deals expire. So really, we're just waiting for time really. So we can't kind of push or pull a lot of those dollars forward. But every time we started, we're obviously pushing that value higher and higher.
Leslie Moonves: And regarding the FCC, we don't think they're going to intervene. Every indication is that they're not going to. If they did, that's probably all they would be able to accomplish because people only know about the big deals. They don't realize we do 50 deals a year. And if they were a referee, literally that would be all they do. Once again, remember, these companies, these MVPDs, some subs may be going down or they may be paying more for it, but their broadband subs, by and large, are going up at very high margins. So they're doing fine. And we're doing fine. So we don't expect the FCC to get involved.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. I've got a question and a completely unrelated follow-up as well. So Les, you talked about seeing a new rate card for CBS retrans with these latest 2 deals. Has the rate card already been set for reverse comp? Because I believe you got a large majority of your station affiliate deals up in 2015? Or is it going to be set in that timeframe?
Leslie Moonves: There's no such thing as a rate card. We look at different station groups differently. We are made up of 220 stations, of which we own 40% of the country. And our affiliates are about 60%. And each one is handled differently just like every MVPD deal is handled differently. There is no specific rate card. We have a target, which we expect to achieve. And yes, a lot of deals are up at the end of '14, beginning of '15. So there's a number of opportunities for us to increase our revenue there. But I think the game has been set and -- but no, there is no rate card.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I think a lot of us think about sort of the industry average or standard being a 50-50 sharing. I mean, do you think that's a fair level for TV stations?
Leslie Moonves: That's sort of been the big going, what people have been talking about it for a while. But we're looking at it a slightly differently. We're saying, "You know what? Let's forget about retrans that the stations are getting." We are providing content for our affiliated stations. We are providing NFL and we're providing primetime. We're providing news. We think we should get paid a fair value. So what we they get for retrans, we wish them well. But what we get is a different number. And once again, we value who we are. And our affiliates value who we are.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, I like that answer. The unrelated follow-up is there anything else you might be looking at to reduce ad exposure further, whether it's something major in terms of acquisitions [indiscernible] balance sheet, Joe, or other ad-supported businesses that you have that you consider non-core that might come out at some point?
Joseph R. Ianniello: No. Doug, it's Joe. No, I think, again, our focus is grow the non-advertising revenue faster than the advertising. And this is all done organically. There's no acquisition. Obviously, that would change the portfolio and change the mix, could be significantly. But when we talk about that 50-50, that's all organic.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just circling back to the success you continue to have on content sales, can you give us some color on how big the international syndication market for you guys either is or potentially can be and maybe in relation to the SVOD market?
Leslie Moonves: Yes. I mean, the good news is this year, the international syndication market for us is going to bring in over $1.25 billion, which has grown over the last 5 or 6 years from somewhere around $400 million. The great news for us is Eastern Europe is opening up. Asia is opening up. Latin America is becoming a lot more significant. In addition, the streaming deals are happening all over the world. You see the expansion of Netflix internationally in every market they open up, we are participating in that. So what is very pleasing to us is even as the economy in Europe has gone down, the pricing for our programming has gone up. So it's a very healthy market. It's a very important export for America. And we are benefiting from it.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And just a follow-up on the SVOD market. I was a little surprised to see the Dexter revenues come in the third quarter when I think delivery was October. Can you remind us how the revenues typically recognized on that type of sales?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Sure. Alexia, it's Joe. It's when we make the shows available. So it's our availability. I think Netflix is making them available to their customers starting in Halloween. But that deal was signed in the third quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laura Martin with Needham Capital.
Laura A. Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: I was on a panel with David Poltrack. And the most interesting thing that you said was that on your digital platforms, your exact same CBS viewing skewed 20 years younger. And so that would be a much more valuable demographic in the ad market. So I'm actually curious as to what the numbers are on digital platforms for you that are 20 years younger for the same programming? 10%?
Leslie Moonves: By definition, of course, they would be younger. And when you see the digital platforms becoming -- they could be up to 30% of an audience per se of any given show. So it is very encouraging because it does spread out our demographic and makes it much younger, as you would expect.
Laura A. Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: And do you sell that in the upfront market or do you sell it standalone for its full value?
Leslie Moonves: It depends more and more, but it's being sold side by side with our network advertising. But there's still a great deal of it that's sold totally separately from that. There are digital advertising. It's very interesting. As the advertising agencies and the clients get more integrated, we will sell them accordingly. We are available to sell however they want to buy. Right now, it's mostly fairly separate.
Laura A. Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then Time Warner this morning said that their SVOD revenue worldwide is $350 million a year. It will be flat in '13 versus '12. And half of that comes from Netflix. Would those be similar numbers for you in terms of the growth being flat and as aggregate size as well?
Leslie Moonves: 2013, our streaming revenue is up significantly from 2012. And our streaming revenues are coming from primarily Netflix, Amazon and Hulu.
Laura A. Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, so it's a lot more than 50% for you, Netflix?
Leslie Moonves: Yes -- no, no, no. Netflix isn't a lot more than 50%. I think, again, the dollars are larger. But again, it's those 3 parties making up the lion's share.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Miller with B. Riley & Co.
David W. Miller - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: Yes. Joe, just a question on the Americas Outdoor IPO. Is the thinking here that you could really create a juicy trading opportunity by doing this IPO ahead of the PLR ruling? I mean, wouldn't you want this thing to come out of the box, at a media multiple rather than a REIT multiple? And therefore, create a much more compelling share exchange ratio when that occurs, appreciate any comments you have.
Leslie Moonves: Yes. Look, David, we're trying to maximize the value of the Outdoor Americas business. So we think the REIT alternative as a separate standalone public company does just that. So we're confident in our position with the IRS. So we continue to wait for that. But obviously, one factor not in our control is the -- are the Capital Markets interest rates. So we have to take all of those things into consideration, marking conditions as we make the decision. But again, we're very confident that in Q1, we're able to execute that trade. And we think we will have the ruling, I know Lamar is also in the queue waiting for their ruling. So I think, again, we're in a wait-and-see mode. But again, we remain on track. And again, the REIT, as a public entity, we think maximizes the value.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alan Gould with Evercore.
Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I just want to follow up on the SVOD comments. Has the U.S. market reached a steady state? And is mostly the growth coming from international? And Joe, could you clarify that $1.25 billion of international syndication? Does that include SVOD or is that all traditional syndication?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. That includes SVOD internationally. So when we talk about our international numbers, it's, again, it's revenue generated from selling our content the traditional way or via streaming. So -- and again, Alan, you asked about if we hit the steady state. I think there are new entrants all the time figuring out streaming and provide -- distributing content in different ways. So we'll look to that. But again, these guys have to continue to renew their deals and new entrants. But again, international is absolutely probably the fastest-growing if I was looking at it in terms of a growth rate [indiscernible] because there are hundreds of markets that still don't have any of our content.
Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: In the U.S. is it that -- are the prices per hour changing? Or is it just that they'll pay more for A quality content and less for B quality in -- et cetera?
Leslie Moonves: It does depend on that. Obviously, a show like Dexter would sell for a lot more than a show like I Love Lucy, both of which are now on Netflix. And so depending on the show, once again, remember with our Netflix deal, we have some pre-existing deals where shows that come off the air, we can put it to them and there's a prenegotiated price, which is fairly substantial for us. And we're very excited about that. And by the same token as new programming comes up that they want, we will continue to do that. So...
Joseph R. Ianniello: And we obviously have a lot of shows that the content that we have not sold yet into streaming, into the streaming marketplace. So what we're selling again is really stuff that's already off air. So we still have a huge pipeline of content to sell.
Operator: Yes, we'll take our next question from Vijay Jayant with ISI Group.
Vijay A. Jayant - ISI Group, Inc.: I just wanted to get sort of regulatory question. Since the Time Warner Cable dispute, obviously, the market thinks that you guys won that. And they sort of settled before the football season started. But there's a couple of, bills, draft bills in Congress that sort of talk about keeping signal on during a dispute or bringing in a different signal and the like. Can you just give us what do you think the chances of those kind of rulings coming to fruition? Or does it really change a negotiating leverage?
Leslie Moonves: Vijay, these bills have been around for a long time. Every time there's a dispute, when you go off the air, there's some more activity there. And clearly, one of the strategies of some of the company is to get the government involved. We don't think it's going to happen. We don't think it's going to happen soon or long-term. We think it's better that the government stays out. And every indication we have is that they will stay out. And that's what our expectations are. And I think that's what most people's expectations are.
Vijay A. Jayant - ISI Group, Inc.: Can I just follow up on -- I couldn't, I have to bring up the Aereo question, if I could. It looks like a bunch of broadcast, including yourself, I think petitioned the Supreme Court. Can you give us any sense of timing and why that deal path when you're trialing it on a market-by-market basis?
Leslie Moonves: Number one, in terms of timing, I really don't know. Number two, they have won a couple of cases. We have won a couple of cases. So we've won in Washington, D.C. We've won in California. They, obviously, won in the 2nd District here in New York City. So ultimately, we feel like it's a good chance that it will go up. Once again, we're not taking Aereo. There's been a lot of talk about it. And we don't think about it terribly much.
Operator: And our final question comes from Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: The first, there's talk about cable consolidation. It hasn't really happened yet, but it might. So do you have any thoughts on how this might impact retransmission consent over time? And then the second question is, Les, is there any obstacle that would prevent you from moving to C7 in the upcoming upfront season?
Leslie Moonves: I'll answer the second question first, and then I'll let Joe talk about the cable consolidation. We already have some C7 deals out there. There are advertisers that realize that if you watch a show 4 days later, it's okay. It's the same value. Obviously, there are certain products that, like movies -- or sometimes that are more timely. But we think more and more of these deals are going to come up that way and be done that way. And if a product needs some attention before that, the rates may change slightly or there'll be a different form of advertising. But we think C7 is obvious. The numbers between C4 and C7 are pretty substantial. And they shouldn't be left behind. And the good news is more and more advertisers are agreeing with us. And they are making deals accordingly.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And Marci, on cable consolidation, we don't lose much -- any sleep on the consolidation. We believe we're going to get paid fair market value for our content. Consumers will always have a choice. And I think that was -- you saw that in the Time Warner Cable dispute where, I guess, their subs were down significantly. And I think FiOS, AT&T and DIRECTV were up. So as long as consumers have a choice, they'll find CBS. And so we're going to always bet on the content.
Leslie Moonves: Great. Thank you, Marci. And thank you, everyone, for joining us for tonight's call. Have a great evening.
Operator: And this does conclude today's conference. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-31 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President of Investor Relations Sumner M. Redstone - Founder and Executive Chairman Leslie Moonves - Chief Executive Officer and Director Joseph R. Ianniello - Former Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasurer
Analysts: David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division Meghan Durkin - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Laura A. Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division James C. Goss - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CBS Corporation Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Release Teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead.
Adam Townsend: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter 2013 earnings call. Joining me for today's discussion are Sumner Redstone, our Executive Chairman; Leslie Moonves, President and CEO; and Joe Ianniello, Chief Operating Officer. Sumner will have opening remarks and we'll turn the call over to Les and Joe, who will then discuss the strategic and financial results. We will then open the call up to questions. Please note that statements on this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's news releases and securities filings. A webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can be found on the Investors section of our website at cbscorporation.com. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found in our earnings releases or on our website. And with that, it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Sumner.
Sumner M. Redstone: Thank you, Adam. Good afternoon, everyone. Another quarter, another outstanding performance. I could not be more pleased with CBS's results. The reason, of course, the reason behind our success, is simple of course. We have great content. We have the right strategy, we have the people who know how to get the job done. That's why I am certain that CBS will continue to reach new highs for many, many years to come. Of course, to tell you more about it, I'm going to turn this over to my good friend and colleague, a man I rightfully call a super genius, CBS's President and COO, Les Moonves. Les, the ball's in your court.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you very much, Sumner, for those very kind remarks. And good afternoon, everybody, and thank you very much for joining us. I'm pleased to tell you that CBS has delivered yet another quarter for the record books. We had double-digit revenue growth of 11% to $3.7 billion, our best-ever in the second quarter. And our profits were the best we've achieved in any quarter in our history. OIBDA of $952 million was up 5%, with growth in every single one of our businesses. Operating income of $838 million was up 6% and EPS of $0.76 was up 12%. Again, all of these profit measures were all-time highs for the CBS Corporation and they were achieved against the spectacular quarter a year ago. Looking ahead, we are well on our way to another record-setting year with lots to look forward to in 2014 and beyond. The driving force behind our ongoing success is our world-class content. Throughout our company, our programming is commanding top dollar across every platform and our non-advertising revenue sources are becoming more and more meaningful all the time. During the second quarter, nonadvertising revenue represented 43% of our total revenue. That's quite a jump from not too long ago when less than 30% was the norm. And we continue to reload our content pipeline for the future. This summer, we debuted 2 exciting new franchise hits, Under the Dome on the CBS Television Network and Ray Donovan on Showtime, both of which have just been renewed for second seasons and both of which we own 100%. These are just the latest assets that we can monetize in the content value chain and help us grow our steady and recurring revenue streams in the years ahead. Meanwhile, the advertising marketplace is improving. Network advertising posted strong growth in the second quarter. And beginning this fall, we will reap the benefits of CBS's leading performance in the upfront marketplace where once again, we took share from our competitors and we were the leader in both volume and pricing. So in addition to our continued growth from retrans, reverse comp, streaming, sub fees and international sales, our base advertising business is also set up to perform very well right into 2014 and the future. Our strategic Outdoor initiatives are also well underway. I'm extremely pleased that we reached an agreement to sell our Outdoor operations in Europe and Asia at very good value. And the IPO of our Outdoor Americas business also remains on track for the first quarter of '14. Joe will have more on this a little later. These actions in our Outdoor business, along with the other growth drivers I just mentioned, give us great confidence in our future. One expression of that confidence came last week when we announced an expansion of our share repurchase program to $6 billion. This was the single largest increase we've ever made to our program. And along with our focus on our ongoing dividend, it demonstrates once again CBS's continued commitment to its investors. We've always said that one of the best uses of our strong free cash flow is to return capital to our shareholders and doing so will remain a key priority for us in the future as well. Before I give you some more highlights about each of our businesses, just a quick word about our negotiations with Time Warner Cable. Our current deal has been extended until Friday at 5:00 p.m. Eastern and we will update you when we have more news. Receiving fair value for our content is core to who we are, and we will remain resolute in this principle now and in all future negotiations as well. And that's all we are going to be able to say on this topic today. Now let's take a look at each of our segments, starting with Entertainment. During the quarter, the CBS Television Network finished the season as the most watched network in America. As you all know by now, we've done that 10x in the last 11 years and this time, we beat our closest competitor by 4 million viewers, the widest margin of victory of any network in 24 years. We also won in all key demographics, including adults 18 to 49 for the first time in more than 2 decades. Looking ahead to the upcoming television season, the strength of our schedule allowed us to renew 20 existing shows. We'll also be launching 5 new series and these new shows will feature some of the biggest names in the business from producers Jerry Bruckheimer and Chuck Lorre to actors Robin Williams, Sarah Michelle Gellar, Dylan McDermott and Will Arnett. Meanwhile, before we even get to the fall, we're changing the face of summer programming right now with Under the Dome. This has been the summer's biggest drama since 1992 and proves that network television can launch new programming anytime of the year. The first episode alone was watched by approximately 20 million people on TV and online. Since then, Under the Dome has continue to dominate Monday nights in viewers and key demos. And it's providing a tremendous platform to promote our fall lineup. This show is another example of an owned franchise that we can monetize in all sorts of ways. In addition to advertising, we've struck a terrific streaming deal with Amazon and we've done very well selling the show internationally where the series is being licensed in more than 200 markets and is already a big hit in Canada and Australia. And of course, it's been helpful in retrans and reverse comp negotiations as well. In addition, Big Brother is once again performing very well for us this summer, and you can expect us to continue to be more aggressive about using our network platform on a year-round basis going forward. And speaking of demand for our content around the world, we held our international screenings in May for our new shows, the response was very strong leading to significant global sales for our CBS, Showtime and CW owned content. Once again, this process allows us to ensure revenue for these shows before they even air in the U.S. and has profoundly changed the business model for owners of the best content. Streaming continues to be a terrific growth driver for us. We recently extended our deal with Netflix through 2015, and we also announced a deal with Amazon to stream our CBS and Showtime content in the U.K. and Germany. As you can imagine, there are lots of players out there looking to get into this space and we're constantly having discussions with them about further monetizing our content. Meanwhile, CBS Interactive has been doing extremely well and turned in another quarter of double-digit revenue growth. cbs.com is the #1 website among all TV networks in unique viewers and its revenue was up 35% for the quarter. Interactive revenue in China was up 30% and CNET was up 25%. Plus, we're posting extremely strong growth in mobile ad revenue, which was up 93% for the quarter. At CBS Film, we have some releases coming up this year that are generating significant buzz. In November, we'll have Last Vegas, starring 5 Academy Award winners, Michael Douglas, Robert De Niro, Morgan Freeman, Kevin Klein and Mary Steenburgen. We'll follow that up in December with the latest from the Cohen brothers, Inside Llewyn Davis, which won the Grand Prix at this year's Cannes Film Festival. Again, these 2 movies fit our model of medium-sized films with good upside potential. Turning to cable. Ray Donovan has come out of the gate as a big wholly-owned hit for Showtime. It set a record for the debut of the new Showtime series, drawing even more viewers than Homeland did in its launch. And now, it's pacing 48% of Homeland's freshman season, which has been one of the most celebrated shows in the past few years. In addition, next month, we'll premier the new series Masters of Sex. No, this is not a show about the New York City mayoral race, but it is yet another show in which we have ownership. Our success with owned content at Showtime is increasingly allowing us to replicate the long-term content value chain that we have been employing so successfully at the CBS Television Network. At the same time, Showtime's investment in Sports is also paying off. The first Floyd Mayweather fight since springing him over from HBO is a great success, reaching nearly 1 million Pay-Per-Views and we're looking forward to the next Mayweather fight on September 14th when he defends his title against Mexican undefeated middleweight, Canelo Alvarez. This is shaping up to be the biggest fight in very many years. In Publishing, we once again posted solid profit on the strength of our hit titles and our ability to sell these titles on multiple platforms. This includes the re-release of Stephen Kings' Under the Dome, which was a huge seller for us in the second quarter. Under the Dome is another terrific example of why Simon & Schuster is a great content business for us and fits very well inside CBS. And speaking of re-releases, the excitement about this summer's Great Gatsby film led to a 440% increase in book sales for that title in the quarter, proving once again that ownership of great content can pay off for decades. In Local Broadcasting, our strong summer ratings are giving a lift to our TV stations. Remember, that approximately half of local stations' revenues comes from ads in primetime and the late news. Meaning that when CBS does prime so well, local stations benefit considerably. Of course, this is also why we are increasingly getting paid compensation from our affiliates. In radio, we continue to grow our CBS Sports Radio network franchise. Since we announced the venture last year, we have expanded from less than 70 affiliates to more than 300. We now have programming in all the top 10 markets and in 38 of the top 50. Once again, the CBS Sports Radio network is a terrific example of the way we can grow a business by leveraging resources from across the company. So as you can see, we had another tremendous quarter setting us up for yet another tremendous year. Every one of our segments contributed to our success, obviously, led by our content businesses, which continue to prove that this is a golden age for those who have the best programming. All of the growth drivers we've been telling you about for years are performing ahead of our expectations. And when you look at our importance to cable, satellite and telco providers, the appetite for our content from the biggest companies in streaming, the explosion of international outlets looking to license our content, both on television and online, you can see why this is happening. At the same time, momentum in our base advertising business is building with primetime network advertising better than it's been in a long time and a political year just around quarter. So we had a record quarter. We're on track for another record year. And clearly, we have a very bright future ahead. With that, I will turn this over to our newly elected Chief Operating Officer, Joe Ianniello.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Thanks, Les, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'm going to provide some more details about our results for the quarter and year-to-date, then I'll discuss what we see ahead in Q3 and give you an update on our Outdoor initiatives. Let's start with the second quarter. As you just heard, CBS delivered very strong top line growth and our best quarterly profits ever. And we did this while investing in more hours of owned content. Our strategy of creating and distributing our premium content across all platforms continues to drive our results today and it's creating even bigger opportunities for growth in the future. In the second quarter, revenue was up 11% to $3.7 billion, with solid gains in every one of our key revenue types. Advertising grew 5%, driven by an 11% increase at the CBS Television Network, which is an acceleration from the first quarter. Content licensing and distribution revenue grew 22% as a result of increases in international syndication and digital streaming. And affiliate and subscription fee revenue grew 18%, driven by retrans, reverse comp and underlying cable affiliate fees, as well as our Mayweather pay-per-view fight. These revenue increases drove second quarter OIBDA up 5% to $952 million, plus with lower interest expense and share count, we turned this OIBDA increase into strong diluted EPS growth of 12% to $0.76. And once again, these profit measures were all-time records for us. You can get an even better perspective of the strength and consistency of our performance by looking at our results on a year-to-date basis. For the first half of 2013, revenue was up 9% to $7.7 billion, with strong growth across-the-board. Advertising was up 7%, content licensing and distribution revenue was up 9% and affiliate and subscription fee revenue, up 16%. Meanwhile, year-to-date OIBDA was up 9% to $1.9 billion. Operating income was up 12% to $1.6 billion, and diluted EPS was up 17% to $1.49. Now let's turn to our operating segments. In Entertainment, second quarter revenue of $2 billion grew 18%, driven by increases in TV license fees, advertising and affiliate fees. Growth in TV license fees was a result of higher international revenue from both streaming and traditional syndication. And as I just mentioned, network advertising was up 11%, partly benefiting from the timing of the NCAA tournament semifinals. Underlying network advertising grew 4% with such categories as financial services and healthcare, up strong double digits. And CBS Interactive had another strong quarter with revenue also up double digits. Entertainment OIBDA of $429 million for the quarter was up 1%. Some of this was affected by expenses related to the timing of the Final Four and our increased investment in programming. Looking on a year-to-date basis, OIBDA grew 9% to $909 million. Turning to cable. Second quarter revenue of $518 million was up 16%. We had affiliate revenue increases across all types of distributors: Traditional cable, DBS and telco. Plus, licensing revenue for our original content grew 41%. Cable OIBDA for the second quarter was up 9% to $207 million, reflecting the cost of our investment in sports and original programming, including our new hit, Ray Donovan. On a year-to-date basis, cable revenue increased 11% to $996 million and OIBDA grew 10% to $438 million. In Publishing. Second quarter revenue was even at $189 million. Publishing OIBDA grew $12 million to $21 million in the quarter. Our Publishing business continues to benefit from the shift to digital. For the first 6 months of the year, e-book sales grew 25% and represented 30% of total Publishing revenue. In Local Broadcasting, reported revenue for the quarter was down 1% to $698 million. Nonpolitical TV station revenue increased 1% from last year's second quarter, led by telco and Entertainment categories. Meanwhile, radio revenue was even with last year's quarter with auto and professional services up 3%. Local Broadcasting OIBDA of $255 million was up 3%, showing the ongoing benefits of our focus on cost controls, achieving a 37% margin, up 200 basis points from last year. On a year-to-date basis, Local Broadcasting revenue was up 1% to $1.3 billion, while OIBDA of $454 million was up 8%. In Outdoor Americas, second quarter revenue was up slightly to $335 million, driven by the U.S., which grew 2%. Domestic billboards, which is our most valuable piece of the Outdoor business, was up a solid 5%. Tech and auto categories were up both double digits. Entertainment -- excuse me, outdoor OIBDA for the quarter grew 4% to $107 million, reflecting our continuing efforts to renew contracts on better terms. Let's turn to cash flow and how we use that cash. During the second quarter, we generated $414 million of free cash flow, net of $150 million discretionary contribution to our pension plan. We expect this to be the last cash contribution to our pension plan for at least the remainder of the year. For the first half of 2013, we generated nearly $1 billion in free cash flow, again, net of this discretionary pension contribution. We continue to believe that buying back our shares is the best use of excess cash. As Les said, we recently expanded our share repurchase program to a total of $6 billion. This action once again reaffirms our commitment of returning value to our shareholders and it reflects the confidence and visibility we have going forward in our businesses. Since the start of the program in January of 2011 through the end of this year's second quarter, we returned $3.75 billion and retired a little over 112 million shares at an average price of a $33.41. Obviously, a great value from where we're trading today. Also, during this period, we returned $673 million to our investors through our quarterly dividends, which currently stand at $0.12 a share per quarter. Now let me give you a few observations about Q3. We see several drivers to our 3 main revenue types. First, we expect underlying advertising growth to accelerate. At the CBS Television Network, keep in mind that Under the Dome and Big Brother both premiered at the end of June. So you'll see substantial benefits of this investment in summer programming beginning in the third quarter. In addition, we'll have more inventory to sell than last year's third quarter when we had several political preemptions. Also, there are no Summer Olympics this year to eat into any of the advertising spend. And of course, we'll begin to reap the rewards of our new upfront pricing gains when the new season begins at the end of the third quarter. All of this is why we see underlying network advertising accelerating. On the local side, broadcasting is pacing flat to up low-single digits for Q3 despite tough political comps. At -- Outdoor Americas is also pacing to be up low-single digits. Turning to our content licensing revenue. We know that in the third quarter, we'll have the first cycle domestic syndication sale of NCIS: Los Angeles and The Good Wife. And Blue Bloods and Hawaii Five-0 are coming up next year. In affiliate and subscription fee revenue, we will continue to grow our retrans and reverse comp and we have the next Mayweather fight coming up in the third quarter. Now I'd like to give you a quick update on our Outdoor transactions. As we announced 2 weeks ago, we agreed to sell our Outdoor business in Europe and Asia to Platinum Equity for $225 million. We anticipate closing this transaction before the end of this year. And as Les said, the separation of our Outdoor Americas business is on track. We submitted our private letter ruling request with the IRS to convert our Outdoor business into a REIT. We -- and we filed a preliminary registration statement with the SEC on Form S-11 in June. Also, we made significant progress on our internal infrastructure to set up Outdoor as a separate standalone public company. So the process is moving ahead as planned, and we look forward to realizing the benefits of these initiatives in 2014. So in summary, CBS is building on its great momentum. We delivered a double-digit revenue increase and our highest quarterly profits ever, while continuing to take strategic actions to grow our business. Our investment in programming has afforded us new content that we can monetize in the days and years ahead, and our Outdoor initiatives will help further transform CBS into a company that's even more focused on its content. So we are still in the early stages of our transformation and the growth prospects we have outlined for you today will continue to drive our earnings into the future. With that, Robby, we can open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to David Bank with RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions. I guess, you guys talked a little bit about some of the expense pressure in the Entertainment segment related to the price of content. And I'm wondering if that's sort of a structural issue or a timing issue or maybe related to ratings performance in the past year leading to more pilots or something like that. If you can give a little bit more color around that. And then in the spirit of one question, I'll give you a second part of the question that's completely unrelated.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, right. David, as we expressed, Under the Dome is a brand-new form of entertainment. We haven't done, nor has anybody, done an original drama of this size in many, many years. Now the good news for us is because of the Amazon deal and because of the international sale, we were able to make this show profitable before it even went on the air. Now the fact that it went on the air and is a huge hit is really almost gravy and will bring in a ton of profits into the third quarter. However, this is new programming at north of $3 million an episode. So figure that out. That's in addition to our programming cost that didn't exist last year. It's things like that where you will see us invest more in programming, but also invest with the knowledge that we're going to get it back and then some. That show is going to be very profitable for years to come and it's the greatest way to invest our money.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So -- but you -- it's not really about having to have to produced more pilots or something as a result of the prior season, just this summer programming?
Leslie Moonves: Since I've been here in 1995, we have always done between 18 and 22 pilots and it's remained the same this year. When we are in last place, when we are in first place, we do the same number of pilots.
Operator: We'll go next to Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I have one for Les, which is sort of a follow up to the first and then one for Joe. Les, given the incredible success as you've said in this call of Under the Dome, can you talk about how much appetite there is by spot players, by distributing players and what do you expect -- you already said that you're going to bring Under the Dome back but is there a lot more room to do more of this kind of first run, high-quality programming?
Leslie Moonves: Yes, I really believe there is. Obviously, the response was tremendous. Amazon is very pleased that they joined up early in partnership with us. Jeff Bezos actually spoke to me personally about how pleased they were that they experimented with this. I think you will see every network, and I know they are, develop and try to replicate the model that we did. I doubt many of them will have the same ratings as Under the Dome did. It was like the second highest-rated new drama of the year. The numbers were pretty sensational, but I think there's a huge appetite with the SVOD players out there to join us, plus the international desire for our content is not slowing down at all.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And is it just like a summer window that you have or do you think there are other times of the year?
Leslie Moonves: Well, look, we're -- we program all times of the year normally. We put on -- the question with Under the Dome when we renewed it is do we put on in February or in the summer and we decided to go with the summer. It's doing numbers that would have made it the second-highest drama on television, on network television. So we consider that but what it means is we get a program all year long from September to September.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And then, Joe, I just -- you just increased the buyback and I was wondering if you could give us some sense of timing and what your comfort level will be on leverage post the Outdoor IPO/REIT?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, sure. Obviously, we reloaded the program getting ready for the Outdoor transaction. So as we lever that business up and IPO, we'll have the capacity to buyback our stock quickly. We're continuing the same pace as the underlying program goes. And we're going to continue to relook at our ratios as we become more content focused and less advertising dependent. So we think we're creating tremendous financial flexibility and this program gives us the ability to capitalize on that.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: If you look at the Under the Dome viewership, I think 1/3 of it was outside of C3 just highlighting again how important it is that we broaden out -- the industry broadens out the measurement. Can you talk about the upfront and sort of how that went as you think about extending to C7? And also, bringing on measurement for screening and tablets, what the time line is for there? And then I have a follow-up.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, that's a very good question and obviously, you're right. We -- the initial viewing of Under the Dome was $13.7 million. Then when you added DVR, you add streaming and VOD, it was north of 20 million people. So literally 1/3 of them. Now we did get paid for some of them on the DVR. I think within a year, by the next upfront, C7 will be the currency. I think there are some C7 deals done now because it's a question of reeducation. But since they were at C3, they're there. In addition, Nielsen is getting better by the day in measuring streaming. And I think we're closer and closer to our goal of getting every single eyeball measured. In addition, we have ways to measure beyond the C7 and put in more advertising. So once again, all this technology and all this measurement only is going to be helpful for us because everything is going to be counted and we're going to get paid in full.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And, Joe, if I could just follow up. You said underlying ad growth should accelerate in Q3. So at the network, am I thinking about 4% is the underlying network growth in Q2, if I back out the March Madness, is that the number?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. Yes, Ben, that's correct. So the underlying, we said, would -- clearly going to accelerate in Q3.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Morris with Davenport.
Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: I have to ask a question about retransmission, not specific to any one agreement but -- and I apologize if it seems a bit rhetorical, I just want to get your current thoughts. The pushback that we hear on retrans or the concern is that your signal is available for you to air or there are different services that I won't name, but that people could perhaps use to get your signal or the content is on-demand in some places. So I guess the question is, why do you think you should be able to collect this retrans? I realize that's basic and I'm going back in time a little bit, but I think it's important to get your thoughts on that now. And then I have a follow-up.
Leslie Moonves: First of all, right now, over 85% of our airing, our viewing is done through satellite cable or the phone companies. That's number one. And the remaining 15% are not the most advertiser-friendly and the most appealing to our advertisers. Once again, these services and you, obviously, were referring to Aereo and we think it's a lot more wind than reality. It's an illegal service that would be in essence, stealing our content. We don't think it is catching on at all. When you see and talking in general terms of the MVPDs charging the amount of money they are to the public for their content, we feel like, and the have stated it, that he who has the most eyeballs should get paid the most. And since we are the #1 network, putting on NFL and putting on the #1 program in NCIS and the #1 comedy in Big Bang Theory, that we should be paid appropriately, that it's more important to take care of CBS. Once again, all the statistics, the average home has 100 channels but they're watching 10 to 15 of them. And we are one of those 10 to 15. In every home, we're actually #1 in every home, so we feel that it is justified and we should get paid for it and that's the way of the world. And by the way, most everybody agrees. Most everybody agrees and we are getting paid fairly in most places.
Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: And then also, can you comment at all on the regulatory environment? It seems that if there is any concern on the political side, it's just in the perception of disruption is hurting the consumers. What -- any thoughts you have on that as you approach negotiations?
Leslie Moonves: You know what? Some people on the other side have gone to Washington and tried to shake things up. We have seen absolutely no movement on the part of Washington. Obviously, local leaders are appropriately concerned about their consumers in their areas being disrupted. And we understand that concern. We don't feel it's going to change anything. We're certainly willing to have discussions with them, and they are concerned, but we're not worried about the regulatory environment affecting our business one iota.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Anthony DiClemente with Barclays.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: First off, Joe, congratulations on your new role. I have a couple of questions. First off, Joe, I wonder if you can clarify for us and for investors how we should be thinking about the sequencing on the Outdoor IPO/REIT? Where are you in terms of the likelihood of getting that PLR before the IPO and are there any benefits for the IPO actually coming before that happens? How should we think about that?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Sure. Look, we said Q1 of 2014, and like I said, we remain on track for that. We will -- we filed with the SEC, so we got clear of the SEC and we're waiting for the ruling on the IRS. So the way you should think about it is what we're -- the current plan would be to lever the company up in Q1 of 2014 and IPO within the same quarter. So those proceeds we would use again to buyback our stock. If we don't have the private letter ruling at that time, obviously, we'll have to make a decision at that time based on current market conditions, where we go from there. But we still remain very confident in the process and our ruling request.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then one for Les, please, if I may. Les, there's some growing evidence out there that mobile advertising is starting to gain some real traction. I assume that you see that and you wonder the best way for CBS to monetize its content on mobile devices and I know that given your ownership of Syncbak, you have the technology to stream CBS or stream the CBS signal direct to mobile viewers for a subscription fee and so forth. So I guess, the question is, can you do that? Would you guys consider doing that? Or would your affiliate contracts require you to remain part of an authentication process with your existing distributors?
Leslie Moonves: A, Syncbak would include our affiliates as well; that we want them to be part of it and Syncbak, once again, a much more legal use of our signal than Aereo might be. So look, mobile is advertising, is growing in leaps and bounds. We're part of it. We're right there. We're on the iPad after 8 days right now, and we will be there earlier as soon as it's counted appropriately. So we welcome mobile. Once again, we welcome all sorts of legal use of our content that is paying us appropriately. We -- what's great about who we are, we continue to do great content and we're very nimble. We realize the models are changing. As I referred to in Under the Dome, we're now getting paid in a hundred different ways just from that one series. So we welcome what's happening with technology and we're on top of it.
Operator: We'll go next to Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank.
Meghan Durkin - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This is actually Meghan Durkin standing in for Doug. I wanted to just get your feeling on how you are set up going into the new season. It's seems like you're positioned pretty well given your comps aren't going to be as tough on Mondays and you get the political hours back and the NFL networking, where there were last year for the full 13 games or whatever it was. So how do you feel about that? How should we be thinking about it?
Leslie Moonves: Well, you sort of answered my question there. I mean, there's a lot less political hours from conventions, from primaries, from debates. Remember, there were 4 debates, election night. We only have 5 new shows, not every single one of them are going to work but they're all positioned in very good time periods where they can work. We do expect to improve on a few nights of the week and we're very pleased with the process and how our schedule looks for the fall. Look, this is spring training and everybody thinks they're going to do great as you get closer. But having returned 20 shows, we sort of know we're going to be in great shape no matter what else happens, that 20 shows will perform and we'll get an opportunity to launch some of them and we think we have a couple of real super hits there. So we're very excited and once again, the NFL is going to be strong, no political, we can't wait for the fall to begin.
Operator: We'll go next to Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: My question is the -- on retransmission discussions, in general, not specific to any one, but do you find that they're getting more challenging now than they have been more given that more people have their hands out? Or is it just each one is its own animal and they're all the same kind of in a way?
Leslie Moonves: I think each one is its own animal. Look, each contract has different components and different requirements and you have different relationships with all these people. So look, every deal that we've made in the last 2 years has been an improvement from the one before. And I think once again, our job is to continue to produce the content that we're doing and get paid fairly for it so -- and each one is the same. [indiscernible] is not the same.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And just a follow-up on you're recent Netflix renewal. Any sense of how we could look at the revenue recognition, the timing of revenue for that renewal?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, Alexia, we have some flexibility. We make those shows available to Netflix. So again, really, it's going to depend. I think, again, the takeaway is we renewed and extended the relationship so it continues to work well into '15. They're pleased with our product. So we're going to continue again, as Les said, produce the best content and continue to figure out ways to maximize the revenue. The timing of when it hits and what year and what quarter is really secondary.
Operator: We'll go next to John Janedis with UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Les, I'm wondering, with the FOX Sports 1 launch coming, are you seeing any change in the dynamic for the sports business given the increased inventory for sale? And is it impact pricing?
Leslie Moonves: You know what? We haven't really seen any great effect of it. We're obviously, going into football season for us and that's doing very well. In addition, our sports network, although relatively small in terms of advertising, is seeing growth in that area as well. By the way, I'm very happy we have our 4 major sports rights tied up for the next decade because clearly, the price of poker may go up but we have the NFL, we have the NCAA, we have the PGA TOUR golf and we have the FCC football contracts, so I'm really happy about that. Obviously, Fox is putting a lot of money and effort into it. They know what they're doing. I think they're clearly competing more with the ESPN than with us. And football sales look strong for the fall.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Laura Martin with Needham & Company.
Laura A. Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Les, one of the things we're seeing in the Internet premium video market is prices for video ads under pressure. A year ago they were $23 CPM. Today, Yahoo! is telling us they're getting $18 CPM. And that's the problem with infinite inventory. But I'm wondering looking at your upfront, where you came in at kind of 8%, 9% and I think with hopes for double-digit as we've gotten the last couple of years. Do you think increasing premium video online is putting downward pressure in your business, as well as the Internet premium video business?
Leslie Moonves: You know what? We don't look at it that way. Yes, we ended up close to 8% and we sort of said high singles, low doubles and we were high singles. I think your assessment about Internet video becoming bigger and stronger and there's a lot available, there's scarcity, still doesn't compare to what the network can bring. And I even noticed our competitors got substantial price increases as well, which actually surprised me how well they did. So look, I'm glad we're in the Internet video market, but I'm even happier that we're the #1 television network and getting paid the right amount for our ads.
Laura A. Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: And then my follow-up is on, again, back to this Under the Dome, which is such an interesting model. We saw Netflix pay DreamWorks for 300 hours of kids programming, a type of programming DreamWorks has never done. Do you think we're going to see you guys kind of front and center of a lot of these SVOD platforms coming to you like Under the Dome because of your success and we're going to see a lot of new -- like a new profit center that we aren't thinking about from these guys getting you to produce content for them?
Leslie Moonves: That's exactly right. We are looking forward to producing content for all these guys. For Netflix, for Amazon. When people say, "Oh, gee, is Netflix a competitor?" Netflix is doing original content. They're buying a lot of good movie packages. Are they a competitor to Showtime? Probably. But by the same token, the CBS company would be happy to produce for them. Under the Dome is an exciting new model. And when you think about it, it's getting a lot of noise, but it's something that hasn't existed in many, many years. But without Amazon's help and without the strong international marketplace, we couldn't have done that with normal summer pricing for programming. Now with these guys wanting to get involved and get involved early, the sky is the limit in terms of that and what great assets they're creating for us. So we're happy they're around.
Operator: And we'll go next to Tim Nollen with Macquarie.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: I have 2 advertising-related questions, please. First, I think the answer is no, but anything you could say, please, about any impacts from the recent Publicis Omnicom merger, that forming a major media buying agency. I just wondered if any of you can say in terms of how negotiations may work under that new arrangement? Secondly, your interactive growth looks like it was excellent and I wonder if you could say anything about Nielsen's online campaign ratings? And -- or cross-platform ratings and if is being used and if that makes any difference?
Leslie Moonves: I'll answer the first, and, Joe, you can answer the second. The first, it really is too early to tell. I remember, we had been concerned when WPP was amassing all those variety of advertising agencies and we were able to do a lot of business with them as we do with -- we have great relations with both Omnicom and Publicis. And once again, it's about -- we have good business with them. We'll see what it becomes like in the future. But in talking to our head of sales about it just the other day, Jo Ann had no great concerns. She said, look, we know the guys, we know the brands. It's not going to affect how we do business but it really is too early to tell.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And, Tim, on the interactive growth, I think, again, what's driving the growth, really, again, is the content. It's the premium video that's doing it. Clearly, obviously, it helps if Nielsen is measuring this and you can always back things up with advertisers and give them metrics, it always gives us another data point but I think again, the content is really what's driving the growth.
Operator: We'll go next to Alan Gould with Evercore Partners.
Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Les, you may be seeing this less than your competitors given the strength of CBS, but as the cable networks are getting closer to the reach of broadcast networks, do you see a decline coming in the cable broadcast CPM gap?
Leslie Moonves: Number one, I don't particularly see that gap changing all that much. It has on a few shows but there's still a wide margin between their hits and our hits. I mean, NCIS is still watched by north of 20 million people every single week. Other than The Walking Dead, there hasn't been a cable show that's come even close to it on premium or on basic. And once again, they're doing some quality programming. So we don't view them as a threat in terms of taking our pricing anywhere. Our pricing has gone up for the last number of years and we think that will continue.
Operator: We'll go next to William Bird with Lazard.
William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Les, could you talk a little bit about just your strategy and plans for TVGN? And then separately, how would you rate the likelihood for streaming deals with new players in the next 6 months?
Leslie Moonves: Okay. TVGN, great acquisition, cheap price for our half. Lionsgate, a great partner, great -- other content company. There was a lot of low-hanging fruit. We put on Young and the Restless repeats and we put on Big Brother: After Dark, which increased the ratings like hundreds and hundreds percent. Now I realize that made -- that you saw the low number doing that. But it's the highest rating they've ever had. There are a lot of plans incorporating more CBS content, more live event programming from the red carpets, et cetera. So it's been, so far, wonderful and as I said Lionsgate is a great partner and our people are very excited and we're already seeing great results from advertising agencies as well. In terms of new streaming deals, we've had a lot of conversations. I don't know who's going to be the first one to step up to the plate. Whether it happens within 6 months, I don't know, it's possible with some of them. But we're talking to everybody and there are a lot of very interesting things going on out there. So I hate to be so general, but I really don't know much more than that.
Operator: We'll go next to Jim Goss with Barrington Research.
James C. Goss - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: I have a couple of questions. First, I was wondering, does the consolidation in station ownership, that appears to be underway, seem likely to benefit their group pre-transmission [ph] efforts and therefore, your potential for a reverse comp and does it also prompt you to consider any additional property transactions, buying or selling mode in that area?
Leslie Moonves: Good question, Jim. Look, the consolidation, the acquisitions, number one, only proves how valuable television stations are in this day and age. We have 27 of them. We have 27 of them, and once again, we're happy we held on to them. We're happy we didn't get rid of any them because it only bodes well for the future. Does the consolidation mean they will get more retrans? That's a very possible outcome of this. It's very interesting to see where the landscape comes out. We look forward to -- we have great relationships with all the big companies, and we don't think our relationships should change and everybody is moving towards you have to pay for the guys who have the best content.
James C. Goss - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And separately, does the -- how is the value of your older content faring as Netflix and Amazon focus on newer and/or proprietary series?
Leslie Moonves: Some of it works, some of it doesn't work, like everything else. I mean, we sold Netflix a huge bundle of content, as you remember, a few years back. Some of it did extraordinarily well. I mean, they'd kill for more Star Trek episodes. They love that. Some of it, not so well. But once again, we've, as mentioned before, as Joe mentioned, we've renewed the deal through 2015 and it has some of what was existing before and some of it going forward. So the good news about us is we have great current programming and we have a great library, and we will sell them both as need be.
Operator: Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Two questions. The first, Joe, can you give us a little bit more color on the Q3 pace and maybe separate what's going on with the TV stations, same station radio and then the U.S. Billboard business? And then the second question is just have you gotten any indication from the IRS whether or not you'll get the private letter ruling even if it the work group study is not finished by year end? I don't know if your comments about your private letter ruling not coming by year-end had anything to do with this work group study.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. No, look, the work group study, again, is really, again, been a nonfactor in terms of -- the dealing with the IRS. Whatever internal process they go through, I guess, is obviously up to their discretion. But again, we continue to have an open dialogue with them and we'd never expected to have our ruling in hand today. So again, right now, it's the normal course, and we'll evaluate that and update you, again, as we know more. But again, we are pretty confident in our request. As far as color on Q3, look, U.S. Billboards, again, is the bread-and-butter. So that's definitely kind of leading the way, but I would kind of characterize the U.S., the Outdoor business, again, up that low-single digits range, 1% to 3%. And looking at Local Broadcasting, radio is kind of pacing flat and TV remember, we have a difficult comp in political. So we'll see how that kind shakes out exactly but as I said earlier, kind of flat to up low-single digits, again, is pretty impressive given the tough political comp from a year ago.
Leslie Moonves: Great. Thanks, Marci, and this concludes today's call. Thank you, everyone, for joining us. Have a great evening.
Operator: That does conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-01 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President of Investor Relations Sumner M. Redstone - Founder and Executive Chairman Leslie Moonves - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Hamilton Faber - Atlantic Equities LLP John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division David W. Miller - B. Riley Caris, Research Division Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CBS Corporation First Quarter 2013 Earnings Release Teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. And at this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to the Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead, sir.
Adam Townsend: Okay, thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter 2013 earnings call. Joining me for today's discussion are Sumner Redstone, our Executive Chairman; Leslie Moonves, President and CEO; and Joe Ianniello, Executive Vice President and CFO. Sumner will have opening remarks, and will turn the call over to Les and Joe, who will then discuss the strategic and financial results. We will then open the call up to questions. Please note that statements on this conference call related to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's news releases and securities filings. The webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can be found on the Investors section of our website at cbscorporation.com. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found in our earnings release or on our website. And with that, it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Sumner.
Sumner M. Redstone: Thank you, Adam. Good afternoon, everyone. CBS had begun 2013 right where it left off in 2012, and you'll hear today our world-class content is driving our success and is getting more value growth day-by-day. With Les and his talented management team, I'm confident that CBS will continue to grow for many, many years to come. Now to tell you about it is CBS' President and CEO, my good friend and colleague, actually, a superstar, Les Moonves.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you very much, Sumner. Good afternoon, everybody, and thanks for joining us once again. I'm extremely pleased to tell you that CBS has delivered the most successful quarter in the history of our company. For the first time ever, in any quarter, revenue exceeded $4 billion, up 6% from a year ago. OIBDA was $916 million, up 15%. Operating income was $800 million, up 18%, and EPS was $0.73, up 24%. Each of these financial metrics is the best we've ever posted in a single quarter, reflecting both the strength of our base businesses and the ongoing success of our strategy to grow the company's steady and recurring revenue. It's very evident that CBS' world-class content is becoming more and more valuable all the time. Advertising grew strongly during the quarter, not only driven by the success of the Super Bowl, but also the entire CBS Television Network, which will end this season #1 across all key demographics. Plus our fast-growing, non-advertising revenue sources were up significantly with double-digit increases in retrans, reverse comp and streaming. And just as we told you would be the case, 2013 is shaping up to be even better than 2012, which was a record year for us. The opportunities to monetize our programming continue to multiply, and the initiatives underway at our Outdoor business will make our company singularly focused on capitalizing on our great future as a content company. To show you how confident we are in that future, we spent nearly $1.3 billion on share buybacks during the first quarter. That puts us on track to repurchase $2.2 billion in 2013, an acceleration of more than $1 billion from last year. Going forward, you can be sure that returning capital to our shareholders will remain a key priority for us. You'll hear more from us on this in the coming months. As usual, I'm going to give you some highlights about each of our businesses before turning it over to Joe to discuss our very healthy financial picture. And after that, we'll be happy to take your questions. Let's start with our largest segment, Entertainment. As you all know, the world of consuming content is changing rapidly. Technology is enhancing the viewer experience, and it's providing us with more and more opportunities to grow our businesses all the time. He who has the best content has the best options. And as you can see from today's results, we're playing our hand very well in this new age. You can continue to count on us to be very strategic in this regard going forward. At the center of all this is the programming in the CBS Television Network, which had an exceptional first quarter. We were led by the phenomenal performance of our primetime schedule, and on top of that, broadcast several of the biggest events in media. These included the Super Bowl, the AFC Championship Game, the GRAMMYs and the NCAA Men's Basketball tournament, which, by the way, was up 10% in viewers, the biggest audience in 8 years. Plus the championship game, which took place in the second quarter, had the best ratings in nearly 2 decades. More recently, our weekend coverage of The Masters Golf Tournament attracted more than 44 million viewers, the second-largest audience in 12 years. And this year's Academy of Country Music Awards posted its largest ratings in 15 years. For the first time, it even topped the competing country music awards show that airs on another network. So clearly, no matter how many other choices are out there, big event television is pulling in audiences like never before. And, of course, the CBS Television Network success is much more broad-based than just its tentpole events. We have strength every night of the week. As I said, CBS is set to end the season as the most-watched network for the 10th time in 11 years. We are winning in households. We are winning in viewers. We are winning in adults 25 to 54, and yes, we are also winning in adults 18 to 49 for the first time since the '91-'92 season. When this season ends, we'll have the #1 show, NCIS; the #1 comedy, Big Bang Theory; the #1 new show, Elementary; and the #1 news program, 60 Minutes. And we'll have finished the season up year-over-year. Besides CBS, there's only one other network can make this claim, and we're happy to say it's the CW, which, of course, we own 50%. CBS' successful run will continue for a long, long time. 40% of our shows on our primetime entertainment schedule are 3 years old or less, and we'll be adding several strong rookies this fall. With so few holes to fill, the bar to get on to our schedule is, once again, set very high, and we can be much more selective than our competitors. Having now personally seen most of our pilots, I can assure you that next season is going to be another terrific year for the CBS Television Network. In fact, we are in such a strong position that as we evaluate our development, we're actually looking beyond the fall and already beginning to program for 2014. In the meantime, we're going to enter this year's Upfront marketplace in a very enviable position. Demand for inventory is even stronger than it was at this same time last year, with scatter pricing up double digits over last year's Upfront pricing. As happens every single year, there's a lot of noise out there. But one thing is for sure, CBS will be coming to market with a schedule that has consistently earned the trust of our advertisers. We'll continue to earn premium pricing for the simple reason that we pull together mass audiences like no one else can. Out of the 5 broadcast networks, we are #1. Out of the 500 cable channels, we're #1. And out of 5 billion websites, we're #1 in viewers. So unless there's a network on Mars we're not aware of, we're the #1 watched network in the entire universe. Because of all of this, we will be very aggressive going into the Upfront. I can say with absolute confidence that we'll once again lead the marketplace in both pricing and volume. The pricing increases will look a lot like they did last year from high-single to low-double digits. Yes, folks. There you have it. The numbers you have been waiting for. Needless to say, given our #1 status, our ongoing track record and the demand we're seeing in scatter right now, I'm extremely bullish about the Upfront marketplace. So we're feeling very good about our ability to grow the company's advertising revenue and, at the same time, our success in growing the company's recurring non-advertising revenue is a terrific story as well. As we told you on our last call, we recently renewed and expanded our agreement with Amazon, and we continue to benefit very nicely from our Netflix deal as well. These 2 deals led to strong double-digit growth in streaming revenues during the quarter. As we look to the future, our relationships with Netflix and Amazon will remain very strong, and we're confident they will continue to be extended beyond their current terms. Plus, in addition to these 2 companies, there are many other online distribution services entering this space. And there's one common thing they all need: the best content. With people consuming more and more video all the time, the key to success is pretty simple, if you keep creating the best content, you'll keep getting paid better and better as technology improves. The power of great content is also fueling our success in the syndication marketplace, which continues to grow and evolve. Our domestic syndication sale of NCIS: Los Angeles will be hitting the books later this year, and we announced an innovative multiplatform distribution deal for The Good Wife, selling it simultaneously to broadcast television, cable television and multiple streaming partners. Looking ahead, we will continue to maximize the value for each of our programming assets, taking into account all possible platforms. As we do, we have Hawaii Five-0 and Blue Bloods coming up for domestic syndication in 2014, plus, we have a steady stream of owned hits from Showtime, including Dexter, Californication and Nurse Jackie. And just today, our daytime lineup received 49 Emmy nominations, the most of any network. We also had a phenomenal quarter in terms of retrans and reverse comp, reflecting the better terms we continue to receive for our content. It certainly helps in negotiations to have the NFL, the NCAA, NCIS, Big Bang Theory and 60 Minutes in our arsenal. And we remain on target to hit our goal of $1 billion in retrans and reverse comp by 2017, if not before. Meanwhile, the performance of CBS Interactive continues to be very strong, its financial results in the first quarter were the best we've seen with 22% overall revenue growth. This includes CNET, which was up 24%; China, which was up 35%; and overall video revenue, which was up 76%. In addition, we launched our new CBS streaming app during the quarter. Within 24 hours, it was the #1 free iPad app and it crossed 1 million downloads in a little more than 2 weeks. As you know, we are windowing the content to be available 8 days after airing, and we are monetizing all of the incremental viewing. In our Cable Network segment, our continued success at original programming is why we are now approaching 23 million Showtime subscribers with plenty of room to grow. We're also very excited about our 2 new Showtime series that are on the way, both of which we have ownership in. First, Ray Donovan will debut this summer after the eighth season premiere of Dexter, and then Masters of Sex will debut in the fall after Homeland. Obviously, the world is waiting with great anticipation for another season of Homeland, and we are as well. In addition, Showtime recently signed a deal to bring Floyd Mayweather, along with some of the most recognized names in boxing, over from HBO. Our first Mayweather fight is this Saturday night in Las Vegas, and we're bringing the full resources of CBS to help promote it. We're looking forward to boxing, and sports in general, helping to drive Showtime's growth going forward. Also during the quarter, we took another strategic step to increase our profile in Cable Entertainment program. We acquired a 50% stake in the TV Guide Network, which we will operate through a joint venture with a great partner in Lionsgate. The TV Guide Network is in 80 million homes, and we've already begun to improve its programming. This partnership represents significant upside for us at an extremely attractive price. And together with CBS Sports Network, the Smithsonian Channel, as well as our minority interest in AXS, we feel very good about our growth prospect in cable television. In Publishing, our run of content success continues. Simon & Schuster had 86 New York Times bestsellers during the quarter, with 8 of them reaching #1. Digital sales now represent 30% of our Publishing revenue with some of our major bestsellers approaching 50%. Once again, the shift to digital publishing has resulted in a more profitable business as we turned in double-digit profit growth during the quarter. In addition, our Publishing business continues to be an important part of our overall content strategy, serving as the impetus for programming across other divisions of our company. For example, this summer CBS will broadcast a miniseries based on the Stephen King novel, Under the Dome, and then Simon & Schuster will rerelease the title once again. In Local Broadcasting, our TV stations are off to a great start this year. Our CBS stations in the top 3 [ph] market, each own the biggest local revenue share we have on record, going back to even before we broadcast the Nagano Olympics in the first quarter of 1998. And during the February sweep, every single one of our CBS-owned stations was #1 in primetime, with WCBS in New York the #1 watched television station in the entire country. The performance of our local news department has been exceptional. I'm particularly proud of the way WBZ in Boston teamed up with CBS News to keep America informed during the horrific events of last month. WBZ's wall-to-wall coverage, once again proved the enduring vitality of local television. In Radio, we continue to build on the terrific debut of the CBS Sports Radio network. We've added 20 affiliates to our roster since our last call. In addition, CBS Radio played a major role in this year's success of the Academy of Country Music Awards. This is a show that perfectly complements our radio audiences, as evidenced by all the artists who mentioned the power of radio in their acceptance speeches. And finally, a brief update on Outdoor. We've taken the first step to convert our Outdoor Americas business into a REIT by making our submission to the IRS. And I'm pleased to tell you that the sale of our operations in Europe and Asia is going very well with a number of significant players making bids. Joe will provide more details on this shortly, but we feel very good about the progress we are making on both of these fronts. So clearly, this is a remarkable quarter. I repeat. In all our key metrics, we turned in the highest numbers in our country -- company's history, and it continues to be a tremendous time to be an investor in CBS. Our base businesses are solid, and as the company focused on making the best content, we're entering an era of opportunity unlike anything we have ever seen. Specifically, there are a number of forces at work that will drive earnings in 2013 and beyond. First, as I mentioned, we are certain it will be a terrific Upfront for CBS with very healthy growth in pricing and volumes. Next, our non-advertising revenue sources are set to grow significantly. No one has more content that is in higher demand than CBS. And with new companies coming into the streaming market all the time, we will continue to generate incremental revenue for our programming. Retrans and reverse comp are also set to grow at a fast clip, and in syndication, we have a robust pipeline. Plus we're moving forward with our strategic initiatives at CBS Outdoor, and of course continuing, through share buybacks and dividends, to return even more value to our shareholders. So I'm sure you can see why we're so excited about our future. And with that, I will turn it over to our terrific CFO, Joe Ianniello.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Thanks, Les, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll provide some more details about our first quarter results, then I'll discuss what we see ahead for the rest of 2013. Let me start with our first quarter results. As you've heard, we delivered the strongest quarter, ever, for CBS. Advertising posted solid growth, and we had even bigger gains from our key recurring revenue sources. As a result, we are more confident than ever that we have the right strategy in place to continue our transformation and drive earnings growth in the years ahead. As Les highlighted, our total revenue for the quarter was up 6% to $4 billion. Advertising was up a very solid 8%, more on that in a bit. Content, licensing and distribution revenue was down 1%, which can be attributed to the timing of 2 items during last year's first quarter, when we had the theatrical release of The Woman in Black and the syndication sale of CSI: Miami. However, we benefited during the quarter from significantly higher streaming revenue, which continues to grow steadily. And affiliate and subscription fee revenue increased 14% with strong gains in cable, retrans and reverse compensation. These revenue increases led to OIBDA of $916 million, up 15%, and our OIBDA margin expanded nearly 200 basis points to just under 23%. Net income from continuing operations rose 18%, and EPS came in at $0.73, up 24%. Let's turn to our operating segments. At Entertainment, revenue for the first quarter was up 10% to $2.5 billion, driven by advertising as well as higher revenue from retrans, reverse comp and streaming. Network advertising was up 14%, fueled by the Super Bowl. Our underlying base network advertising business remains steady, with low single-digit revenue growth for the quarter. Entertainment OIBDA of $480 million increased 17% for the quarter, and the OIBDA margin expanded 120 basis points to 19%, helped in part by our 2012 restructuring activities. At our Cable segment, revenue for the first quarter was up 6% to $478 million, with increases across all types of distributors: traditional cable, DBS and telco. Cable OIBDA of $231 million increased 11%, and our cable OIBDA margin expanded 210 basis points to 48%. Turning to Publishing. The story remains very consistent from prior quarters. We continue to achieve higher profits from the shift to digital. Ebooks now represents nearly 1/3 of our total sales. For the first quarter, Publishing OIBDA was up 20%. In Local Broadcasting, first quarter revenue of $638 million was up 3%. TV stations revenue rose 5%, helped by the strong Super Bowl sales, which were partially offset by one less major market sports contract. And Radio revenue was comparable to last year with the top 10 markets up 2%. Local Broadcasting OIBDA of $199 million was up 16%, demonstrating our continued focus on cost controls, and the OIBDA margin expanded 370 basis points to 31%. That number is especially impressive given that this is a non-political year. In Outdoor Americas, revenue for the quarter was down $7 million to $281 million, primarily due to the non-renewal of several low-margin contracts. U.S. billboards continued to post steady gains, up 2% for the quarter. And Outdoor OIBDA was down $2 million to $74 million. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet. Free cash flow for the quarter came in at $576 million, representing a 63% flow-through from OIBDA. During the quarter, we retired 24 million shares of our stock. This includes 6 million shares that we repurchased in the open market for $262 million and 18 million shares that were delivered as part of our $1 billion ASR. As we indicated in today's earnings release, we expect another 4-plus million shares to be delivered during the second quarter, which will complete our current ASR transaction. So we started the second quarter with 627 million diluted shares, which is 12 million lower than the weighted average shares for Q1. We plan to continue with our ongoing share repurchase program with our target of $2.2 billion for the year. We exited the quarter with $409 million of cash on hand. We also extended our $2 billion credit facility through March of 2018 at more favorable rates. In addition, during early April, we made a $150 million discretionary contribution to our pension plan, and we will receive a full tax deduction on that amount this year. Now let me give you a few observations of what's ahead for the rest of 2013. For the second quarter, all of our local businesses, TV, Radio and Outdoor, are pacing to be up low-single digits. On national level, as Les said, the scatter demand going into the Upfront is very strong, and you'll start to see the benefit of our Upfront pricing gains in Q4 of this year. I'd like to give you a quick update on our Outdoor transactions as well. The REIT convergence of our Americas business is on track. As you've heard, we submitted our private letter ruling request with the IRS during the first quarter. We are now completing the standalone audit of the business and plan to file a registration statement with the SEC this quarter. Turning to Outdoor. In Europe, as Les said, we received a number of bids, and we are currently negotiating with several parties. The sale process is moving along as planned, and we expect to announce a definitive agreement in the coming weeks. In summary, 2013 is off to a great start, and we are on our way to an even better year than 2012, which everyone knows was a record year for us. Our first quarter results prove that the strategic steps we've been taking continue to pay off. As we pursue our content-driven focus, the opportunities to monetize our programming will grow even further, resulting in an even more predictable earnings base. So we have a very bright future ahead, and we look forward to discussing our results with you on our next call. And with that, Tom, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Joe, can I ask 2 questions just on timing on the Outdoor front? You have an expectation for when you think you can actually move forward with an IPO? Is that a 2013 or 2014 event? I know you said you are in the process of pulling the proxy together. And also, second, what's your expectation on when you'll hear back from the IRS on your filing? And then I have a follow up for Les.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Sure. Okay, Ben. Look, on the timing, we said we would file with the IRS in the first quarter, and we did that, I believe, March 15. So traditionally, the IRS takes 6 or so months. So obviously, they have to go through their process, and we'll respond to any questions they have during that process. On the SEC front, we'll file that registration statement this quarter, and we'll go through rounds of questioning that they have on our filing. So again, the anticipation is by the end of the year we're through and clear that, and we're ready for the IPO. Could it happen a little sooner or little later, I guess. Sure. That's a little bit of out of our control. But we're staying on track for that, and we're very optimistic about that.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And Les, could you talk a little bit about your plans for the network this summer? I know your -- obviously, have the big show you've co-financed or co-produced with Amazon. There's a lot of focus on sort of fragmentation and time shifting and how that's impacting programming decisions. Are you looking to put more hours of content on the air, particularly over the summer? And do you think that more serialized makes more sense just given what we've seen about the SVOD players or am I over extrapolating on Under the Dome there?
Leslie Moonves: Number one, it's not a co-production with Amazon. We have the deal where they're going to air it 3 or 4 days after it's on the air at the network. So it is a -- something that we have never done before. And during the summer months, we were looking for the ability to put on more original programming because things were getting a little quieter in the summer, and we had to look for new models to do that. And because of the Amazon deal and, obviously, the strong international syndication marketplace, we're able to put on a big budgeted, 12-episode miniseries like Under the Dome on there. In addition, we have some more reality programming than we normally do, and Big Brother comes back every year, which it's done extremely well for 10 years. So there will be more activity during the summer and perhaps, even during the year. I think what's happened with the SVOD partners, we've had a lot more freedom to put on more original program. Under the Dome is serialized in nature, and that sort of lends itself to more of the SVOD, and I think that becomes a part of it. But certainly not at the exclusion of the close-ended shows which still sell better in syndication.
Operator: The next question comes from Jessica Reif-Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess these are for Les, 2 questions. One, on your new schedule, how much of the content would you expect to own given the amazing continuing rise in content values?
Leslie Moonves: Right now, we own about 70% of our schedule. Right now, it's too early to tell. As I said, we're still in the pilot process, and we're beginning our scheduling meetings in a few days. So I don't know which of our shows is going to get on the air. I can tell you over 50% of our pilots are wholly-owned. So it will be a combination of some of the outside stuff but also some of the things we own, and I anticipate there'll be some of both.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And I guess a follow up and then my other question. Of the other 50% of the pilots, do you have a partial interest? And then my other question is really the timing of the syndicated shows from Showtime, would that be 2015?
Leslie Moonves: In terms of the other -- the ones that are outside, some we do own an interest in and a couple of them we don't. Warner Bros. obviously, we don't -- they don't share, in terms of the ownership. But some of the other studios do. So it's a mixed bag, as it always is. But rest assured when the schedule's announced in a few weeks, there'll be a large, large percentage of CBS-owned shows. In terms of Showtime, obviously, Dexter is going to finish its final year. It's been announced and it begins in a few weeks. And that can go into syndication soon after that, and the other 2 are in '14 and '15.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Bank with RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Two questions. The first is could you talk a little bit about the investment in Syncbak and how that fits into CBS and how you think about how you could use the technology. And the second question is, Les, I think, at the Milken Institute, you kind of made some commentary about the potential with which you or any other broadcast network, presumably, could kind of transform into a cable network. Do you really think, on a practical level, would it be executable on a fairly rapid timeframe?
Leslie Moonves: Joe, why don't you do Syncbak.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Okay, David, on Syncbak, I think, what we like about the investment, A, it preserves the current ecosystem and it protects the affiliates very well, can be Nielsen measured, and so we're very flexible with that. So if consumers want to consume the content that way, we want to make sure that we have an ability to deliver it that way. So I think, again, it was a very smart and strategic investment.
Leslie Moonves: And, David, on the cable thing, number one, I don't think it'll ever come to that, because I think we're going to win the case legally and the moving to cable is a secondary resort. Once again, 85% of our viewers are receiving the CBS signal through cable or satellite, or any other MVPD. So we're only talking about that final 10% or 15%, and it would only be in markets where that -- let's say, the court said, aerial could exist. And so it's nothing we think that is going to happen. But if it does, it's fairly easy to do it, and frankly, it wouldn't change the affiliation agreements because what we would put on would be our local stations, just as they are now. We would just exclude broadcast, and as I said, I am very doubtful that, that happens.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony DiClemente with Barclays.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I have 2 questions. First, if could you could please provide a little more detail on your agreement with Netflix, just in terms of where does it stand now? There's talk they're shifting their strategy more to exclusive shows, and just wondering if -- what is the nature of your deal? Has the nature of the content that you have on Netflix changed? Do you have the opportunity to re-up, renegotiate or exercise a put option for '13 or for '14? Just want to kind of clarify that. And then my second question is, it does sound, Les, like you have a few more pilots this year than last year. You're talking about owned episodes on the network. Just wondering how that impacts programming expenses through the model? Should we expect a bit of a bump in terms of programming in the 2Q? And then how should we think about just general trajectory of programming expenses going into next year as well?
Leslie Moonves: I'll do the second one first, and then Joe, why don't you talk about Netflix. Yes, you know what, Anthony, we did a few more comedy pilots. The dramas were about the same. We did a few extra comedy pilots next year. And as I said, where the good news about the situation with our schedule is, right now there's only one apparent opening for a comedy. But knowing that a year from now, How I Met Your Mother, this is its final year, it's good to be able to be -- plan for that and put on a few more mid-season shows. And I can tell you right now, we certainly have the goods to do that. In terms of programming costs going up, obviously, Under the Dome is something we didn't do a year ago. But we wouldn't have done Under the Dome unless we knew we had it backed up 100% by the Amazon deal and combining Amazon with the international syndication deal makes Under the Dome profitable immediately. So you may see more original programming on during the schedule, during the year. But only if it's backed up by the ability to monetize it elsewhere. So there may be a higher programming cost, but on top of that there'll be significantly more revenue and more profits.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's helpful.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And Anthony, on Netflix, look, our Netflix relationship is very, very strong. We're in constant dialogue with them all the time. So our agreement today currently provide -- we have some flexibility, obviously, going out through this year and next year. So again, I think, it's again, it's a relationship. We continue to build it, they're quite happy with the content we're providing them. And as they evolve, we're going to kind of continue to be by their side.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Are your dollars from Netflix higher this year than last year? And will it be higher next year than this year? Or is that something you don't feel comfortable talking about?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Well, I don't think we give any sort of guidance on that, and specifically with an individual distributor. But I think what we did say was 2013 streaming revenue will exceed 2012. That we can say today, for sure. And I think Les said in his remarks, there's a lot of other providers talking about how to distribute content and, again, I think as the marketplace evolves, we're right there.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, and just to amplify on that, the relationship with Netflix, yes, we have a big overall deal with them, and now those results come in, they see some of our content is working better than others, and there's some shift. In other words, we're giving them stuff and replacing stuff, and there are certain things that will come off our schedule that we do have the ability to make a put towards. But once again, as long as there is a consistent dialogue about this deal and ongoing deals, the relationship remains strong, and we anticipate that it will remain strong for many years to come.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Morris with Davenport & Company.
Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Two questions. First, is on the relationship between ratings and advertising revenue. You said that your base ad biz was up low-single digits, ratings kind of across-the-board are down. So my question is, not just for you, but for broadcast and some cable networks as well, but my question is, it's clearly a pricing strength issue. Are you seeing the pricing strength across-the-board for all of your different products or different dayparts? Or are events becoming increasingly important? Is primetime increasingly important? Where's the strength there? And then I have a follow up.
Leslie Moonves: I think the answer is, all of the above. Obviously, because we are the leading network in all demographics, our scatter pricing and our demand is significantly higher than anybody else's. So there is, as I said, more demand than there was exactly a year ago in the scatter marketplace. At the same time, the pricing for the big events has gone up substantially. The GRAMMYs pricing went up a lot. The ACM's pricing went up a lot. The football pricing went up a lot and it will remain that way. As much as people continue to want to say "network is failing," it isn't. It isn't. The Super Bowl prices keep going up, a couple of hundred thousand dollars for a 30-second spot. The pricing for the GRAMMYs goes up, and the pricing for all of our primetime shows continues to go up and scatter, and it'll be up, as I've said, quite a bit in the next Upfront.
Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Does the pricing for the events, the growth there, is that exceeding the pricing in your primetime lineup?
Leslie Moonves: Is exceeding, oh, that's...they're both up a lot.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, it's close. It's close. It really just depends, Mike. There's no trend there. It's -- the audience and the masses, it's going to deserve that premium.
Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then just on the television studio, I mean, it's a great asset and growing in value. You look at the ability to perhaps start populating TV Guide Network and some other things. How much more capacity do you have with your existing television production business before you perhaps need to make a more significant expenditure acquisition to grow your capacity there?
Leslie Moonves: Our executive team, I'm sure, could do 10 more series, if they needed to. We're doing a series for Turner for the first time, a 13-episode series for Turner Network. So they have a great deal of capacity. It's not about the studio being able to do it, it's about getting the right producers and their staffs to be able to do it. So I think that there's a great upside in the CBS production group. People talk about Netflix doing original programming. We're talking to them about producing for them. So the great news is, we can produce for anybody, and we've got a lot more capacity.
Operator: We'll go next to Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So, some of your broadcast peers have been seeing scatter pricing spiking higher in recent weeks. Have you seen that? And is that driven by a lack of inventory, due to make goods, or due to increased advertising demand in the broadcast ad marketplace do you think?
Leslie Moonves: Look, there clearly is -- some of the other networks that are a little bit more ratings challenged than we are, are having a bit more trouble. So when that happens obviously, people want to be with us, and I think there's definite demand. And I think there's more visibility than now than there was a few months ago. So it's good to be in first place and having -- as we end the season, people coming onboard to join us.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Would you look at sort of 2Q scatter pricing, and you look at 1Q scatter pricing, have you seen an improvement or did it just stay at that strong level?
Leslie Moonves: I would say it's fairly stable from Q1 to Q2.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, I calculated up double digits to low teens, Doug, and again that's pretty steady. And the good news is, the demand is broad-based. It's not one category driving it. So it's coming pretty much across-the-board. So that's a real positive sign for us.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Well Les, I think I could almost hear the collective groan of the entire agency industry when you indicated an expectation for high-single to low-double digit upfront price increases.
Leslie Moonves: Well, Doug, if you've been reading, everybody's complaining that I haven't come out with my double-digit projections yet. I didn't -- because I've done it 2 years in a row. I've read at least 3 stories which are saying the networks aren't bullish because Moonves hasn't said double digits. So I have said double digits the last 2 years. Two years ago, we were up 12% to 13%. Last year, we were up around 9%. So I was slightly off. But if you average the 2, I certainly was right and I'm confident again. Look, as I said, there's a lot of noise this time of year, but we are pretty confident in the hand we're playing.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Are you including the 3% or so benefit of switching to C7 from C3 in that number?
Leslie Moonves: No, not yet. Look, right now, we're going to be upfront, assuming most of it's could be C3 but I can tell you within a year, I think it's going to be all converted to C7.
Hamilton Faber - Atlantic Equities LLP: I think it's fair to say. So 7% isn't in your high-single to low-double digit range, right?
Leslie Moonves: Correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Janedis with UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Les, you mentioned new streaming entrants. Do you expect those to be a 2013 event? And then separately, the TV Guide Network deal seems like a bit of a steal for you, can you talk about how you're going to position the programming, and over time is the expectation that that's going to be maybe like a top 25 network?
Leslie Moonves: The first question, I would think some of it may be '13. It's '13 or '14. Do you agree, Joe?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, it's not an immediate launch, but again, John, if you're looking for just driving of the numbers, just think '14, '15, really, but obviously, there are partners out there talking about a fall launch.
Leslie Moonves: Yes. And the TV Guide Network, you're absolutely right. We felt we've got an unbelievable value with this thing and we consider Lionsgate a terrific partner there. A great content company, as are we in different areas, and we have a very close relationship with them. And when they came to us and said, "Look, this is the ballpark that the other half is going to be going in, we would love you to be our partner." There are, obviously, very simple things that CBS automatically can do. Like place some of our library product there, add our marketing team to what's going on, do extended original programming, as part of Entertainment Tonight or OMG! Insider, doing the red carpets on all these award shows. So there's a lot of low hanging fruit that we are already taking advantage of, and having a base of 80 million subs makes us a very, very attractive place to be. So we're having a lot of fun, and we really excited about the future of it.
Operator: And we'll go next to Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just to circle back on your comments on the network advertising revenue. I think you said up low-single digits without -- was it without all the tentpole events or is it without the -- just the Super Bowl? I'm just trying to get a good sense of...
Joseph R. Ianniello: That's underlying. Basically stripping out kind of all of the onetime changes. We have the Super Bowl, but the NCAA Final Four went into the second quarter. So really, Alexia, what we tried to give you is kind of like the underlying base business.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then any color on how daypart -- you mentioned the Emmy nominations are great. I guess any color on how we should think about the growth in daypart?
Leslie Moonves: Obviously, the biggest strength is primetime, but daytime is growing also. We have 5 good shows and, once again, it's a much more profitable daypart than it was even 2 or 3 years ago because we've replaced the high-priced soap operas with, obviously, a talk show and a game show. In addition, our ratings in news have gone up substantially. The morning, which is the main revenue place, we're up over 20% year-to-year in the morning, and that's adding revenue quite a bit. The evening news also is up substantially. So it's a growth area. And I would say late night is sort of flat with a year ago and, obviously, interesting things going on in that daypart. But may I say, I think, we've got the best guy in late night, and stability is a good thing here.
Operator: David Miller with B. Riley.
David W. Miller - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: Following up on David Bank's question. Obviously, Aereo is getting a lot of press of late, probably more press than it deserves, considering that they are, in fact, pirating your signal, which I'm sure you guys would agree with that. But Les or Joe, if, for any reason, you guys were able to come up with an agreement with them, or retransmission, and they were willing to pay, does that at all change the scope of your deal with Syncbak because, correct me if I'm wrong, the Syncbak deal is a defensive mechanism, of course, against Aereo, but it's more or less the same thing as Aereo, functionally, is it not?
Leslie Moonves: David, I'll start and I'll let Joe finish. Aereo really has gotten way too much attention. As I said yesterday at Milken, we're not losing sleep over it. It's sort of an insignificant player that has a couple of thousand subs, and we think, ultimately, that it goes away. And we agree with what you just said. They are pirating our signal. Would we look at it differently if they came to us as a system, an online system, that wanted to take our signal and pay for it? Perhaps. And Syncbak, Joe, is...
Joseph R. Ianniello: David, here's what I'd tell you, Syncbak was not in response to Aereo. We've been talking with Syncbak for quite a number of years, actually. So this technology wasn't developed overnight. So we're working there. If the consumer demand is -- this is the way consumers want it, obviously, we're going to have a business model that satisfies that demand. So it was really just that simple.
Operator: We'll go next to Alan Gould with Evercore Partners.
Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I've got 2 questions. One, I hate to beat up -- beat on Aereo again, but is there any timing for a lawsuit on Aereo? And the second one is, there seem to be measurement issues with TV. The industry and CBS, excluding the Super Bowl, are down in the teens in terms of Nielsen 18 to 49 ratings. So even if you're up high-single digits, low-double digits, I mean, how are the advertisers going to work through the Nielsen measurement issues?
Leslie Moonves: Number one, regarding Aereo, if they put up another signal, we'll sue them again. We won in California. We lost in New York. They say they're going to go to Boston, and we'll be in Boston, and we'll follow it. Once again, it's not a major concern for us. In terms of the advertising, number one, the season started off in a very odd way and the reason some of these numbers are off, and by the way, your numbers are somewhat different than ours, is the fact that we don't think that it's -- that online viewing is being counted properly. And DVR viewing is not being counted properly. So we think when all is said and done, and the appropriate numbers are put into place, you're going to find that the numbers are not down nearly as much as that. And in fact, they might surprise you how much they are up. One of the things that we would love to do in an ideal world is cancel overnight ratings. Because everybody reports on overnight ratings, and they don't attribute the fact that we have over 10 shows that get a lift of over 2 million viewers every single week. So the numbers that are reported are semi-inaccurate, and also, Nielsen is trying new methods to account for all the online viewing. It's not there yet. So broadcast television, cable television, it's all in pretty good shape.
Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: What numbers are the advertisers going to use this year, though, Les, it's still got to be the Nielsen numbers, no?
Leslie Moonves: They can use C3, there's a lot more multiplatforming going on. And when you're dealing with an Upfront -- an Upfront buys [ph], Alan, it's not as clean cut as all that. Rest assured, volume -- our volume's going to be up and our CPM's going to be up considerably.
Operator: Next question comes from William Bird with Lazard.
William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about just how soon you're likely to begin monetizing C4-plus through ad insertion?
Leslie Moonves: As I said, we anticipate being able to go from C3 to C7. Some of the deals will be made this year, because there are some of the advertisers who get that C4 through 7 is a valuable commodity. And they get that C8, past C8, like we're doing with our iPad app. We're putting advertising in there, and so it's beginning to happen right away. Would it be robust within a year? Absolutely. The thing that's going to be significant is, there are going to be a lot of advertisers who advertise C -- live through C7, who are going to still want to be on past that. And then you'll have ad insertion on different advertisers and there will be further monetization. I think the good news is, the further we do go down the road, the more every single viewer will count in some way or another.
William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Could you also talk about your current thoughts on targeted financial leverage?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, look, I think that, Bill, that evolves. Because as this Outdoor transaction is pretty significant, we're looking at our mix of revenue and how much is advertising related, how much is non-advertising. So again, we don't have a set target that it has to be this target ratio. Obviously, our investment grade rating is important to us, but again, I think we've shown our priority is to buy back our stock, and we're going to continue to do that.
Operator: Next question comes from Tim Nollen with Macquarie.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: A couple of things, please. More on ratings actually. Isn't moving to tablet measurement and C7 and C8 and beyond, whatever, doesn't it raise more than just having a single ratings point? Doesn't it make the whole rating system that much more complicated and the whole advertising pricing model that much more complicated? And a second question back on the advertising growth figure. You mentioned I guess, low-single digits, excluding the onetime items, is that a number that you're happy with? Because it seems it's been at that level for quite a while and yet, I don't know, I feel like it could be better than that, given the success that you're having with viewership, et cetera?
Leslie Moonves: Tim, on your first question, does it make it more complicated? Undoubtedly. Undoubtedly, however, once again, we understand much more now than we did before about ad insertion, about conversion from live to C3 to C7. And you know what? The further we get down the road, the further we're going to be able to identify every single viewer, every single demographic and what product they're buying. It is complicated, but it's going to be much more valuable in the future.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And, Tim, as far as the underlying growth, I mean, I call it steady. So we're not disappointed with steady. Obviously, with a stronger economic backdrop we expect that to grow, but again, that's stripping out all of those events, but network advertising for the first quarter was up 14%.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: Okay, can I ask another question as well? It's about retrans. Have you given -- or can you give some updates on what the most recent pricing is looking like?
Leslie Moonves: Well, we don't give that out. As we said, it's growing. The value of our channels and our content is considerable -- going up considerably. We're sort of been consistent, it's been a steady rise until '17 where we're going to have $1 billion, if not before.
Operator: That question comes from Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I have 2 questions. Joe, first, just a clarification. Your comment that SVOD in 2013 will exceed 2012, does this assume that Netflix is renewed? Or will you be able to exceed 2012 without a new Netflix deal? And then the second...
Joseph R. Ianniello: There's no -- Marci, let me just answer that question. There's no assumption of a new Netflix deal in that statement.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, perfect. And then I believe in your newsletter, you disclosed the number of digital billboards, I think, for the first time. That 275 number?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Can you give us any targets for digital, either this year or in total? And maybe the revenue contribution, or anything around digital?
Joseph R. Ianniello: No, here's what I'd say, Marci. The digital billboard component is still low-single digits revenue to us. I mean, that's -- it's such an upside, really, for us as the capital costs have continued to come down for those digital signs. So we've been a lot slower than some of our peers to rolling that stuff out. So again, we're quite optimistic that we have a top 50 list and we're going to continue to deploy our capital that way, but -- so there's a lot of room to grow. But again, at this point, today, it's again, single digits.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Do you think you can get to where like LMR [ph] is at 15% to 16% of revenue?
Joseph R. Ianniello: I see no reason why we can't.
Adam Townsend: Great. Thank you Marci. And that concludes today's call. Thank you, everyone, for joining us. Have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-14 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President of Investor Relations Sumner M. Redstone - Founder and Executive Chairman Leslie Moonves - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Laura A. Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division David W. Miller - B. Riley & Co., LLC, Research Division Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the CBS Corporation Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to the Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead, sir.
Adam Townsend: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2012 earnings call. Joining me for today's discussion are Sumner Redstone, our Executive Chairman; Leslie Moonves, President and CEO; and Joe Ianniello, Executive Vice President and CFO. Sumner will have opening remarks and will turn the call over to Les and Joe, who will discuss the strategic and financial results. We will then open the call up to questions. Please note that during today's conference call, the fourth quarter and full year 2012 profit measures will be discussed on an adjusted basis unless otherwise specified. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found in our earnings release or on our website. In addition, statements in this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, which involves risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's news releases and securities filings. The webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can be found on the Investors section of our website at cbscorporation.com. With that, it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Sumner.
Sumner M. Redstone: Thank you, Adam. Good afternoon, everyone. Once again, I'm more than proud of the results that CBS is reporting today. We are truly on a roll. The company is in a position of great strength. I am confident our strategy will keep us at the top of our game for many, many years to come. The reason, of course, I'm so certain is because of Leslie and his superb management team. They continue to lead CBS into a bright future. And now to tell you more, I'm going to turn it over to my very good friend, a man I frequently and properly call a super genius, Les Moonves.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you very much, Sumner, and good afternoon, everybody. Welcome and happy Valentine's Day to you all. Throughout last year, we told you that we would post record results in 2012, and I'm pleased to report that we did. Not only for the year, but for the fourth quarter as well. In fact, we had our best fourth quarter ever in all profit measures, including OIBDA, operating income and EPS. Our sources of high-margin growth are hitting on all cylinders, and as a result, we are driving earnings like never before. As our company evolves, we will continue to build momentum, propelling us to even greater heights. 2013 is going to be an even better year, with significant growth in retrans, significant growth in reverse compensation, significant growth in digital streaming, significant growth in domestic and international syndication, and our base businesses will grow even stronger, led by the CBS Television Network, which is #1 in viewers in every single key demographic. And we expect to remain that way for the rest of the season. All of these areas of growth are built upon the enduring strength of our premium content. In addition, as you are aware, we have announced a pair of very important initiatives regarding our Outdoor segment that will speed the transformation of our company into one that is even more built on steady, recurring revenue streams. First, we're selling our Outdoor operations in Europe and Asia, which is attracting significant interest. And at the same time, our Outdoor Americas business is in the process of being converted into a REIT, which will greatly unlock the value of this business for our shareholders. Because of all these factors, and the great confidence we have in our businesses, we announced plans today to immediately repurchase an additional $1 billion of our stock. This accelerated share repurchase will nearly double our previous commitment for the year. In addition, when we conclude our Outdoor initiatives, we also intend to use that currency to return additional capital to our shareholders. It should be clear that returning value to investors remains a top priority for us. And today's news is further proof of that. As I mentioned, we have great confidence in the future because all the key pillars of our growth strategy are performing just as we said they would. Last month, we announced another retrans agreement on very attractive terms with Charter Communication. This deal includes our own station, as well as carriage for Showtime, Smithsonian and our fast-growing CBS Sports cable network. Just like our previous agreements, each new deal we make is better than the last. And as a result, we are looking at significantly higher retrans revenue in 2013. Plus, we remain ahead of our target of hitting $1 billion in revenue from retrans and reverse comp by 2017, if not sooner. Just yesterday, we announced a renewal and expansion of our agreement with Amazon to stream a large amount of library programming. And we also announced this week a separate deal with Amazon to license our upcoming summer miniseries, Under the Dome. This was a unique opportunity to subsidize a summer serialized show in a whole new way. However, you slice it, streaming is becoming a very important revenue source for us with tremendous upside. I can tell you, there is fierce competition out there for all of our content, and the marketplace continues to develop with more and more players all wanting what we produce. So from I Love Lucy, to NCIS, to Under the Dome, we have an endless array of possibilities. This includes, as we said last quarter, for the first time selling past seasons of certain current hit shows. This can have a big financial upside. We will continue to respond to opportunities and feel better than ever about our position in the catbird seat with the best current and library content out there. Meanwhile, our traditional domestic syndication business is performing very well with some particularly strong years ahead. We're licensing NCIS: Los Angeles here in '13, and you can expect to hear an announcement on The Good Wife very soon for this year, too. Plus, Hawaii Five-0 and Blue Bloods will go into syndication next year. And giving the continuing success of Elementary, the highest-rated new show of the year, we have flexibility on when we sell the show down the road, as well as a number of our Showtime hits, including Dexter, Californication and Nurse Jackie. So our syndication pipeline remains very robust. And of course, we're licensing these shows into a rapidly expanding international marketplace as well. The international marketplace continues to thrive. Each year, revenue and profits go up considerably. This past year, we booked $1.1 billion in revenue, and we're confident we will exceed that this year. In addition to licensing our hit shows to distributors, we're also using our content as currency to expand our ownership positions in cable channels around the globe. Along these lines, today, we announced a similar arrangement right here at home by gaining an ownership stake in Mark Cuban's AXS TV cable channel. We gave them access, no pun intended, to certain live event programming, as well as some promotion, in exchange for significant equity in an entertainment cable network that is a terrific complement to our tentpole events. This partnership with AEG and Mark Cuban is a very exciting opportunity for us. Add to all of this our base advertising business that not only grew in the fourth quarter, but accelerated from the third, and you can see why we have a lot of positive things to look forward to in 2013 and beyond. Let's take a quick look at the numbers before we turn to our operational highlights. During the fourth quarter, we increased our revenue by 2% to $3.7 billion. And we turned that revenue growth into record profits, with OIBDA up 6% to $866 million. Operating income was up 12% to $726 million, also a record. And EPS was a record too, up 14% to $0.64. Remember, we achieved these results against an extremely strong fourth quarter in 2011. Meanwhile, we also broke records for the full year as well. Revenue of $14.1 billion was up 3%, OIBDA of $3.5 billion was up 10%, operating income of $3 billion was up 14% and EPS of $2.55 was up 23%. So we delivered a record quarter and a record year, while positioning the company for an even better '13. CBS just ended one of the most remarkable 3-week periods in the history of television with our broadcast of the AFC Championship Game, the Super Bowl and the Grammy Awards. Super Bowl XLVII, the biggest of big event television, was the third most-watched program in television history with 108 million viewers, and ratings for the Grammys was the second highest in 20 years with 28 million viewers. For the Super Bowl, we pulled the entire company together, 15 CBS shows across 9 divisions all centered around historic square -- the historic Jackson Square in New Orleans. CBS News, CBS Entertainment, CBS Distribution, CBS Interactive, CBS Radio, Showtime, our sports cable network, and of course, CBS Sports were all there getting sampled by new consumers and maximizing our profitable partnership with the NFL. And as you know, NFL football, the Grammys and nearly all of CBS' key big events, sports and entertainment franchises are all locked up for the next decade. By the way, each of these tentpole events is getting bigger all the time through the rise of social media. In fact, the 4 biggest social media events in history are this year's Super Bowl #1, last fall's elections, this year's Grammys and last year's Grammys. All of these events were on CBS, and we had 3 of them exclusively. We're continuing to monetize the second screen all the time. So our big events are not only gaining valuable promotional buzz, but becoming more and more profitable as well. Meanwhile, our success as a network isn't just the Super Bowl and the Grammys. The rest of our schedule is performing phenomenally, too. Yes, last week, the Grammys was the #1 show. But last week, in addition, we had 17 of the top 20 programs. We won 82% of the half hours in primetime. It doesn't get much better than that. Plus, last month, we were the first television network in 6 years to have 2 scripted programs, NCIS and Big Bang Theory, with more than 20 million live viewers in the same week. So just as we predicted on our last call, the momentum at the CBS Television Network is building. CBS is now the #1 network in all key demographics, including adults 18 to 49, and we are pulling away from the pack. We are ahead of last year's numbers and should finish the season ahead in every single demographic category. And we should be the only network to have done so. Our shows continue to attract millions of additional viewers through the DVR, streaming and video on demand as well. When you look at the 7-day window after our shows air, more than 10 of our shows average an additional 3 million viewers on measured devices. As these numbers continue to climb, we will monetize many more viewers than we are right now. One thing I know for certain about this year's upfront is like last year, we will once again lead the pack in terms of pricing and overall volume. And as always, the bar will be very high to get on our schedule. Once again, we do not have many holes to fill at CBS, and we have several exciting new prospects to fill the few that we do. This includes a new comedy from Chuck Lorre; a crime drama from Alex Gansa and Howard Gordon, the team who created Homeland; as well as a drama from the guy who produces CSI and the Pirates of the Caribbean franchise, Jerry Bruckheimer; and many, many more. In addition, in advance of this fall, we have announced the most aggressive summer programming schedule in the history of the CBS Television Network. First up, as mentioned, is Under the Dome, our 13-part miniseries, based on our own Simon & Schuster Stephen King novel produced by Steven Spielberg's Amblin Entertainment. We've also expanded our very profitable Big Brother franchise, and we'll be launching another new reality series as well. Plus, Unforgettable, a series that was #1 in all key demos for its time period when it went off the air in its first season, will return for its second season of originals late this summer. Meanwhile, our aggressive investment in new programming is also a key part of our big success at our Cable Networks segment. Dexter and Homeland had their best-rated seasons this fall, with Homeland clearly being the most-honored television show of the year. And we followed that up in January with the highest ratings yet for Shameless, House of Lies and Californication. These shows have helped us grow Showtime subscribers for 9 straight years. This past year alone, we gained 1 million subs and we are north of 22 million. Showtime is indeed on fire. We will capitalize on the success of Dexter and Homeland to launch 2 new dramas on Showtime this year. Ray Donovan will premiere after Dexter this summer and Masters of Success -- of Sex, success and sex, will debut -- it is Valentine's Day -- will debut in September immediately following the highly anticipated return of Homeland. We have ownership in both of these new shows. Our content continues to lead the way in Publishing as well. Simon & Schuster ended the year with 317 New York Times bestsellers, with 35 making it to #1. That's 84 more bestsellers and 6 more #1s than we had in 2011. We also continue to have increasing success in the more profitable e-book format, which represented 24% of our Publishing revenue in the quarter. Once again, this digital revenue has better margins than a traditional publishing model. In Local Broadcasting, we also had a very strong quarter led by political advertising, our TV stations set a record for political in the fourth quarter and followed that up in the first quarter with a record for Super Bowl spending as well. Owning stations in both San Francisco and Baltimore was clearly a plus. In fact, WJZ in Baltimore had its highest rating since Nielsen began measuring television in that market. And for all our friends in Baltimore, we think Joe Flacco's play was awesome. The Super Bowl was also very good for us in radio, where we debuted our CBS Sports Radio network just a few weeks before the game. When we announced this venture last year, we had less than 100 affiliates. Now we're already at 250. The Super Bowl was a tremendous launching pad for this franchise, and we look forward to good things to come. And finally, we have our game-changing Outdoor initiatives, which we feel very good about. Once again, we love the Outdoor business and its continuing prospects. This business continues to perform well for us, and the prospective sale of our international properties has generated a significant amount of interest. At the same time, the investment community clearly likes the idea of a REIT conversion for our business in the Americas, and we are confident we can achieve maximum value for our shareholders through these actions that are underway. So as you can see, our businesses are performing extremely well across our company. We are very confident as we look forward 2013 is going to be a tremendous year. The CBS Television Network is performing even better as we head into the upfront. Our local businesses are getting stronger. Retrans and reverse comp are going to be up significantly this year. Digital streaming is going to be up significantly. Domestic syndication has some huge years ahead, and the international marketplace continues to grow rapidly. Plus, when you look at CBS down the road, with all of these growth areas becoming a bigger part of our revenues, the company's reliance on advertising should go from more than 70% a few years ago to just over half. That's a very dramatic change in a very short period of time. So we are transforming into a different company, poised to grow in any economy and positioned to grow even more as the economy improves. I couldn't be more pleased with our record fourth quarter and our record year in 2012, and I look forward to a terrific 2013 for the CBS Corporation. And with that, I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Thanks, Les, and good afternoon, everyone. Before I get into our results, I want to highlight some changes you see in our financial statements. As a result of the actions we've have taken regarding Outdoor, our Outdoor business in Europe and Asia is presented as a discontinued operation and our remaining Outdoor segment has been renamed Outdoor Americas. In addition, as a benefit of the prefunding we've done into our pension plan, which lowers our residual cost line, when you look at our segment tables, residual costs are now included within corporate. You can refer to the 8-K we filed last week, which presents prior periods on a consistent basis. Now I'd like to provide more details about our record 2012 fourth quarter and full year results. Then I'll discuss what we see ahead. After that, we'll be happy to take your questions. As Les said, our financial performance is benefiting from our strategy of driving growth from new recurring revenue sources, along with healthy increases in our advertising-supported businesses. Our revenue mix will further diversify as we fully monetize our content in an ever-changing media landscape. In the fourth quarter, total revenue grew 2% to $3.7 billion. Advertising revenue increased 3% in the fourth quarter, an acceleration from the third quarter. Content licensing and distribution revenue was down 7% due to a tough comp against last year's fourth quarter, that included our initial CW streaming deals with Netflix and Hulu Plus. And affiliate and subscription fee revenue was up 9%, driven by growth at Cable Networks, as well as higher retrans and reverse compensation. These increases in our high-margin revenue streams, coupled with flat operating expenses for the quarter, helped us produce record OIBDA of $866 million and expand our OIBDA margin 90 basis points to 23.4%. In addition, I'd like to note that we took $19 million in restructuring charges throughout the company in the fourth quarter, and we expect to realize annual savings of about $30 million as a result of these actions. And for the year, it's a very consistent story. We generated record revenue of $14.1 billion, up 3% in 2012, with growth in all 3 of our major revenue sources, advertising grew 1%, content licensing and distribution was up 7% and affiliate and subscription fees increased 9%. These revenue increases drove records in all of our profit measures, included diluted EPS from continuing operations of $2.55 for 2012, which was up 23%. Now let's turn to our segments. For the quarter, Entertainment revenue of $1.99 billion was even with last year. We had growth in network advertising, retransmission fees and reverse compensation. And that growth was offset by the difficult comparison to the fourth quarter of 2011 when we had our initial CW streaming deals that I just mentioned. Network advertising was up 3% in the fourth quarter. And after the election, the demand from the scatter marketplace was the strongest we'd seen in all of 2012. Entertainment OIBDA of $328 million grew 3% in the fourth quarter, driven by our more profitable revenue mix. And our OIBDA margin expanded 60 basis points to 16.5%. Turning to Cable. Fourth quarter revenue was up 11% to $438 million as the segment continued to benefit from growth in rates and subscribers, as well as the licensing of our Showtime original content. Cable OIBDA grew 6% to $185 million for the fourth quarter. Our Cable OIBDA margin was affected by the timing of the airing of our Showtime programming. As we've said before, we always look at margins on a year-to-date basis. And for the full year 2012, our Cable OIBDA margin expanded 200 basis points to a record 46%. In Publishing, Q4 revenue of $215 million was down 6% compared with Q4 of 2011, which included the release of the Steve Jobs biography, a huge bestseller in 2011. At the same time, our higher margin e-book sales grew 24% over last year's fourth quarter. Publishing OIBDA was up 11% for the fourth quarter to $31 million as a result of growth in digital revenue. And our OIBDA at Publishing expanded 200 basis points to 14.4%. Turning to Local Broadcasting. Fourth quarter revenue of $787 million was up 9%, fueled by strong political advertising. TV station revenue was up 17% and radio revenue was up 1%. Local Broadcasting OIBDA was up 22% to $325 million during the fourth quarter. And the Local Broadcasting OIBDA margin expanded from 37% to 41%, with some of our key TV stations hitting their highest margin in many years. At Outdoor Americas, a couple of items in Canada affected our fourth quarter results. We did not renew a transit contract in Toronto, and we also made a onetime retroactive payment in the fourth quarter for a new industry-wide advertising billboard tax in that market. As a result, fourth quarter revenue of $340 million was down slightly, and our OIBDA was down 13% to $94 million, with all of the decline coming from this tax payment. Meanwhile, our U.S. Outdoor business, which is the backbone of this segment, continued to show solid growth, with revenue up 3% for the quarter and 5% for the year. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet. Free cash flow came in at $199 million for the fourth quarter, compared with a use of cash of $42 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. In each of these periods, we made a $200 million discretionary contribution to our pension plan. We also used $299 million of cash to retire 8.5 million shares of our stock during the fourth quarter. For the full year, we returned roughly $1.2 billion to retire 35.5 million shares at an average price of $33 a share. As Les said, we announced plans today to initiate an accelerated share repurchase program of $1 billion during the first quarter. This is in addition to the $1.2 billion in buybacks that we already planned for this year. And nearly doubles the amount of our share repurchases for 2013. So this gives you an indication of the confidence we have in our future. We also ended 2012 with $708 million of cash on hand. Now let me give you a few observations of what's ahead. Advertising trends are favorable. First quarter scatter pricing is up in the teens. And Leslie already told you about our ratings. Let me also point out, without the political preemptions that we had in 2012, we will have 17 additional hours of primetime inventory to sell on the network in 2013. And to give you some context, that's worth tens of millions of dollars to us. Our TV stations are pacing to be up mid-single digits for the first quarter and radio is pacing to be even with last year. Looking at some major categories, auto and financial services remain strong and retail is now accelerating. In addition, Outdoor Americas is pacing to be up low-to-mid single digits. As you look at the first quarter, keep in mind that the NCAA Final Four is in the second quarter of this year, but was in the first quarter of 2012. Turning to our non-advertising revenue sources. You already know about our new carriage agreement with Charter, but there's more to come. Altogether, we will be renewing agreements for 20% of our television station footprint in 2013. So you can expect continued growth in affiliate and subscription fee revenue, led by big increases in retrans. We also expect our other major revenue source, content licensing and distribution, to be particularly strong. We'll have 186 episodes of NCIS: Los Angeles and Good Wife going into first cycle domestic syndication later this year. And in streaming, the appetite for CBS programs also continues to be very strong, as demonstrated by our Amazon extension. As a result, 2013 streaming revenue will exceed 2012 levels based on deals already in place. So 2013 is set to build off of a record 2012, and we haven't even realized the benefits of our Outdoor initiatives yet. As Les said, we've had considerable interest in our Outdoor business in Europe and Asia. And for Outdoor Americas, we are on track to file the ruling request with the IRS next month to convert our business into a REIT. We look forward to updating you on our progress during upcoming calls. Also for 2013, we expect our tax rate, as well as our capital spending levels, to be comparable to 2012. In summary, we are executing our strategic vision, excelling creatively in our operations and displaying strong financial discipline. We've strengthened our balance sheet, and we'll continue to benefit from our recent refinancings for many years ahead. In addition, we remain vigilant about containing our costs. Our operational success and our financial health also enable us to continue to drive earnings and return value to our shareholders as evidenced once again by our ASR announcement today. So 2012 was clearly a great year, but there is much, much more to come. With that, Keith, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I'll ask my question and follow-up all in one shot here for efficiency purposes. Joe, on the buyback and the Outdoor plans, you obviously create a lot of optionality for the company as you move down this REIT path, though it's hard to pin down exactly what you might do with the capital over the next couple of years. But maybe one way to help us think about it is, what's the right way to think about leverage at the company? Your comfort level going forward. And maybe if you want to talk about what that might look like in an Outdoor sale or spinoff scenario with the core business. I think a year or so ago, you talked about leverage ranges, but it's been a while since you've updated us. And then, Les, on the content side there was a lot of consternation about ratings back in the fall. I think people have calmed down a little bit now. But as you think about your schedule heading into the pilot season and into next fall, do you think you need to make any changes to the kind of lineup you've got, whether it's more serialized, more comedy, more reality, competition, these things tend to -- the sort of fads come in and out, and you guys have built a big business around procedurals, but I just would love to hear your thoughts on those genres and what you think makes sense longer term for the network?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Okay, Ben, it's Joe. I'll -- let me take the first part, and then let Les answer the second part. Look, obviously, the Outdoor transaction is unlocking tremendous value, and it's creating financial flexibility. I think there's no question in that, again, evidence our actions today. And the revenue mix, I think more importantly in our business is obviously becoming more predictable, steady and recurring, so that gives us obviously a lot more confidence. So we're going to continue to evolve our thinking on leverage. But obviously, again, as we keep -- our focus is always going to be on returning value to our shareholders, so we're going to continue to move that forward. But again, there's tremendous amount of financial flexibility being created here. I don't have a target number, a specific, exact number, because it's always again evolving. But again, as I said is, we certainly have more confidence in a steady recurring revenue stream.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, Ben. And on the ratings, as we've said, the ratings this fall were a little more difficult to read, number one. Number one, there were a number of preemptions because of political. The season started a bit late. In addition, obviously, the amount that were watching live is only about 60%. So at first blush, looking at what those ratings are were sort of hard to read. And then there's the normal sampling of the new stuff, yet we said, guys just hang on. We're going to be fine, and we are fine. We're ahead. We are better than even. We're ahead going into February. We're winning February sweeps by a lot, and that's more than just these special events that we've had. And as we look down the road, as we're looking towards May, once again, we've ordered a couple of more pilots than we have in previous years, but as I mentioned, the pedigree is pretty phenomenal about who we have, and it's going to be hard to get on our schedule. In terms of types of programming, we -- I'm going to say the same thing I said for 18 years. The best shows are going to get on the schedule, whether it's a comedy, a drama, a procedural drama or not. My guess is, they aren't going to be a lot of new shows like it was last year, which enables us to sell even better, where our ratings are extraordinarily good. And we should lead the pack as it comes to the upfront. And I think we're going to have a few new shows, and we're not going to need very much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A question on AXS. Will you be handling the affiliate negotiations? And can you give us some detail on what kind of content you'll provide, will they have access to your live events? And then on retrans, I don't know if you -- I didn't hear it if you said it, but did you -- did you give a number? Presumably, you hit the $250 million target. And can you give us roughly how much growth you would expect in retrans and reverse comp in the coming year?
Leslie Moonves: I'll do the first, and I'll let Joe do the second. Regarding AXS, it's sort of going to operate the way it is. Having the power of CBS, I'm sure we'll be able to increase affiliate fees, but it's not going to be part of our negotiation. We'll help out. We'll join in when possible and when probable. And in terms of content, we have an awful lot of live programming, and this is going to involve some of the shoulder programming that we do. For instance, backstage at the Grammys or pre-shows and post-shows. The Friday night event this past week at the Grammys. The tribute to Bruce Springsteen. That was on AXS. So we're going to work with them to provide a lot of content, and it's great to be in business with Mark Cuban and Tim Leiweke. They're good guys to be in business with, and it's a very exciting new prospect for us.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And Jessica, for the retrans number, I think when you combine it with reverse comp, we've said 2013, we're going to approach the halfway mark to that $1 billion we gave you. So nearly $500 million for 2013, so we're well on our way.
Operator: We'll go next to David Bank with RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: This is kind of a follow-up on, I think, Ben's follow-up, which is, when you think about the Outdoor monetization opportunity, I think if you think about it as a straight spin, right, you get to lever up a little bit and then -- which is nice, and there's some excess capital, and it sounds like you're committed to giving that back to shareholders. Well, could you describe, beyond just sort of a straight spin, how you could maybe further monetize the asset to result in maybe more actual -- the ability to shrink your share base by monetizing the Outdoor asset. Could you give us a little bit more color around that, if it's possible?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Sure, David. It's Joe. Look, first thing is, we have total optionality. We preserve all options on the table. We think, again, this unlocks the greatest amount of value, but there's a variation to a spinoff if you just focus again on CBS shareholder for a second, a split off as you know is an exchange offer, so where we would exchange the shares from Outdoor Newco for CBS, so it could act as another share retirement kind of program. So really, just -- there are a lot of different technologies out there to really to get at the value. So that's why we say we look at this as a currency, and we're able to basically unlock the value. So as a CBS shareholder, you win either way. You either had 2 pieces of paper, 1 piece of paper, but either way, it's greater than its whole.
Leslie Moonves: So no matter how you look at it, David, as Joe said, the key is optionality. But any way we do a transaction or a deal, anything that happens, it is good for our investors. There will either be a retirement of shares. There'll be capital to buy back shares, et cetera, et cetera. So we think everybody's going to win by this.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Morris, Davenport.
Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Two topics, hoping you can help with. First on local television, it seems that the advertising wasn't quite at the level you were expecting in the fourth quarter when you commented on your third quarter call. I'm curious whether that was -- the organic numbers are political or whether I'm misreading that. And sort of the outlook that you gave for the first quarter, whether that's an acceleration or trends are heating up or whether that's a sustained level? So that's the first. And then the second, the CBS Sports Network, my question is really whether you can do more with this network? And I'm thinking specifically, you do have a lot of sports rights. I know that you use them on the CBS broadcast network, and that's part of your retrans proposition, but is there some opportunity there where you can be more aggressive with that network and push for some higher affiliate fees?
Leslie Moonves: You know what, I'll do the second question first, and Joe, you could talk about local. The sports -- that's exactly right. The initial reason for acquiring it way back when was to combine it with our sports operation, which it is now fully doing. And when you look at the breadth of our sports profile now with our Sports Radio network, our Cable Network and CBS Sports, one of the keys to making the Sports Network work is getting more games, more original programming, and we're doing that using the talent and some of the rights fees. So when we go in with CBS to get a basketball conference for rights, we will always include some additional games for the CBS Sports Network, and that invariably is happening with just about every new contract we have. So as we walk in and get paid for this network, the quality of the games, the quality of what it is becomes bigger and bigger. And we think the fees, we're already seeing the fees go up, and it's becoming quite profitable for us.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And Michael, on local, for the fourth quarter, we definitely saw people buy around political. Political was a record fourth quarter for us for presidential. So we definitely see some categories buying around it. If I was going to single one out, it'd be retail, maybe there was some uncertainty around the fiscal cliff and other things. But as I said, in my remarks, that category in particular has come back nicely in Q1. So we're pretty positive on the local categories.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, and then the thing that's significant to add on to that is how much the scatter is improving as we've gotten into the first quarter or frankly right after the election in December. I think they were holding back, but when we see the pacing right now in the first quarter, specifically retail and some of the other ones, we're very encouraged.
Operator: We'll go next to Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So I would say the 2 most common questions are regarding the REIT are, can you really get everything done that needs to be done to effect a REIT by January 1, 2014, so IRS systems. And then the second, will you spend the proceeds to buy growth? Sony comes up a lot. There's other studios, cable network groups. And you somewhat addressed the second part of the question, but just more specifically, should investors think that you're considering sort of reshaping the country -- company, shifting from Outdoor to a different type of media asset and anything about execution on the REIT would be helpful.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, okay, Doug, it's Joe. Back to -- there is a lot of work getting done. And there are a lot of people probably listening to this call who are working on that transaction. So I'm not sure why they are listening to the call, they should probably get back to work. But we're confident in that timetable. Obviously, we will be filing with the IRS. We think 6 to 9 months is sufficient. There's obviously an SEC process as well, so that will go on simultaneously. But we're confident we can get that done with the right team around that. So -- but there is a lot of work. As far as the proceeds, obviously, we're open to everything, but as we sit here today, we see our best and highest use of buying back our stock. And so we're going to focus on doing that. That works. And we are transforming the company with just executing on our strategic vision as you're seeing the mix change. So we don't need an acquisition to do that. I think again, we've demonstrated that today and we continue to do that.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And just a follow-up. No concerns on the information technology side? All the things that you have to -- to be able to track to effect a REIT?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Just got to be -- the revenue has got to feed into a QRS or a TRS. So it's either qualified or not qualified. So we have some smart guys figuring out how to map revenue. We know how to collect the money, and we just got to put it in the right bucket.
Leslie Moonves: We're ready. We're ready.
Operator: We'll take our next question from John Janedis with UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Les, there's been a move by some of the SVOD players for more exclusive or newer content renewals? And I know in the past you've talked about your ability to monetize your library. Can you talk a little bit more -- you mentioned it on the call, but where are you in selling prior seasons of existing CBS shows and how real is the interest from new SVOD players?
Leslie Moonves: Look, in terms of -- we're obviously that -- it's something that I mentioned earlier, the thing -- we're talking to people about doing -- there are certain shows that will fit more appropriately to being sold previous season of current shows and there are couple of those shows that could fit into that sort of situation. And once again, it can unlock a lot of money. As we've seen from the Under the Dome deal, and people say, gee this is a new kind of deal for you. And it absolutely is. And frankly, to put on that kind of quality programming in the summer, we needed to do an exclusive deal with Amazon on a deal that takes place only 4 days after airing, so it's a brand new model for us. So as we have been maybe somewhat more conservative than some of our competitors about that, what we're doing is studying the SVOD market. We're studying the digital market. And we're choosing how to make our deals. And the deals we're making today are deals we may not have made 2 years ago, now that we know a lot more about the marketplace. Obviously, to renew an Amazon deal is very productive. We're obviously still doing deals with Netflix all the time. Intel, we're obviously in conversations with, as they are with all content suppliers. The good news, Hulu continues to knock on our door, and should I say, Hulu Plus more specifically. The good news about us, and we've said this over and over again, we have the library and the current content that everybody wants. So our job is just to make the right deals, and I think we are.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Maybe as a follow-up, are you seeing more interest from new international markets?
Leslie Moonves: Yes. Yes. I mean, what's interesting about the international marketplace, is often the digital suppliers are the same people that are the cable or the broadcaster there. So our international groups are selling to different people in the territory, but it's country-by-country and obviously Netflix is growing there. So the great news, once again, I keep reiterating. I'm a broken record. They all want the content in as many places as they can get it, and we're happy to give it to them.
Operator: We'll go next to Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a follow-up on the comments you made on the SVOD revenues. When you said the SVOD revenue is likely to be up in 2013, are those deals that have already been made or are those just for projecting in terms of what you think is in the pipeline? And also, are you already, I guess, seeing SVOD revenue from sales of shows of previous season that are currently on air? Or is that still to be negotiated?
Leslie Moonves: There are -- frankly, it's all of the above. Obviously, it's increases in current deals that we currently have. We also have the ability, as you know, to take shows at our discretion, put them into the deal, if we take them off the CBS Television Network, which is a possibility, and in addition, there are certain shows where previous seasons of current shows will be out there in some of those arrangements. So the good news is, there are a lot of opportunities in every way, shape or form.
Operator: Go next to Laura Martin with Needham & Company.
Laura A. Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Let's talk about political advertising for a sec. I think in our model we had about $180 million, Joe, could you tell us whether that came in close. And remind me, Joe, and my recollection is that maybe as we think about doing target prices out to 2014, I'm remembering that your midterm elections are larger than your presidential year? And could you size for us how much bigger they have been historically over the presidential year? Well, let's start with that first.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Okay, sure. I think your number from $180 million is in the ballpark, Laura. Very close. Again, like I said earlier, a record presidential. The midterm election revenue is higher. I would generally say, 20-plus percent higher in that kind of range. So again, we're looking forward to 2014.
Laura A. Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Perfect, great. And then, Les, thinking about the upfront. So we've got scatter mid-single digits. You guys are going to replace like even fewer than the 5 shows...
Leslie Moonves: Scatter's in the teens. Scatter's in the teens.
Laura A. Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Mid-teens, sorry, and you're going to replace fewer than the 5 shows, so you're pretty good about being aggressive walking into upfront as the #1 player. Where are your thinking right now is going to be your ask, as you walk into upfront?
Leslie Moonves: Laura, my sales department will kill me. I am not going to make -- last year, I said double digits, and we only had 9%. The year before, I said double digits, and we had 12% to 13%. So it's a bit early to make the prediction. We're going to be up, but I'm not going to give you a number right now, but I'm feeling very confident.
Operator: We'll go next to David Miller with the B. Riley, Caris.
David W. Miller - B. Riley & Co., LLC, Research Division: Joe, just one question. My understanding surrounding the dynamics of the Americas Outdoor piece is that, yes, you're going to pursue REIT status, but if a bid should come along for the business that you think is super accretive and assigns fair value to the business, then you'll just take that bid and just do away with the whole REIT endeavor. What would be -- given that as a backdrop, what would be the hard date that you would have to make that decision? Would it be June, September, Thanksgiving? What's the hard date where you would have to decide, okay, we're just going to sell this business and do away with it or actually really pursue the REIT structure?
Joseph R. Ianniello: There is no hard date, David. We're going to maximize value for our shareholders. So if a superior transaction comes along, we'll certainly consider it. Our focus and intent is doing it. We think we're maximizing value with this transaction, but obviously we're always going to be rational business folks, and we're going to listen to anything that's presented.
Operator: Go next to Alan Gould with Evercore Partners.
Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: A couple of REIT-related questions. Joe, what range of leverage do you plan on putting on the Outdoor Americas business? And with respect to the international Outdoor business, can you give us any idea of roughly how much debt is on that business and what the EBITDA was in 2012, excluding the U.K. Outdoor -- U.K. Underground contract?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Sure, let me start with the -- Alan, let me start with the REIT. Again, we haven't made any of those decisions, but if you would just look historically at REITs, I think kind of plus or minus 4x has been a range of leverage that seems like other people in similar industries have put on it. So it can certainly support that level, potentially even a little bit more. So that's kind of going in. And the international business, again, it is saddled with a tough contract in London as we're all well aware. That does expire in early 2015. So that's the good news. So it did lose some money in 2012, but again, really as a result of that one contract. Obviously, excluding that contract, it's nicely profitable.
Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Could you quantify those profits, excluding the contract?
Leslie Moonves: No, we can't do that. We can't quantify that x the contract. But I will just tell you, it's out there and obviously we're going to be looking at indicative bids based on that number.
Operator: We'll go next to Tim Nollen with Macquarie.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: A couple of things. First, please a slightly different question. It's about the Showtime Network. There's been a lot of discussion and deals lately on film output. And I'm wondering, how important do you think films may be for Showtime going forward? And likewise, what do you think Netflix and others are changing in terms of that market? Secondly, you mentioned something about measurement. I just wonder what your updated thoughts are on potential shift to C7, tablet measurement, et cetera?
Leslie Moonves: Okay, regarding Showtime. We made a decision a few years ago to devote much more money into original programming than these output deals. Having said that, we have 2 big deals currently. One's with Harvey Weinstein's company and one's with DreamWorks. So for instance this year, we have 3 of the 9 Academy Award winners having paid a lot less. We have Django. We have Silver Linings, and we have Lincoln, which is pretty good, as well as a couple of smaller movies from CBS Films, Salmon Fishing in the Yemen, which got nominated for a number of Golden Globe Awards. So that strategy clearly has worked for us. Showtime has grown quite a bit every single year and people are coming to Showtime more for their original series than for the movies. Netflix obviously is in a different business than we are. They are buying libraries. They're buying film libraries. They are buying groups of current films, and it's a different model. That works for them. HBO also buys a lot more films than we do, but our strategy clearly is working. Our growth has been pretty phenomenal, and we will continue to do original series. Regarding C7, once again, we're in conversations with advertisers. Obviously, Nielsen has the capacity to give us those numbers immediately. How quickly that will be implemented, I don't know. I don't know if it will be ready for this year's upfront. But clearly, we are heading for that. The good news about Nielsen is, they are measuring more and more of digital sites, and they are able to give us much more accurate information. So as a result, our content keeps growing in what it's worth as Nielsen gets these -- does these numbers better, and there's a full-scale effort to be able to -- I've mentioned DVRs and digital and SVOD and as soon as we can aggregate them all, we get more money.
Operator: Our final question is from Marci Ryvicker, Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Two questions. The first, can you give us the SVOD or streaming revenue number for 2012 to at least give us a benchmark for 2013?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Marci, all we can say is, hundreds of millions of dollars. We're not going to get into specific numbers, but it's hundreds of millions of dollars. We haven't cracked $1 billion per year yet, but we're well on our way.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then a couple of small questions for Outdoor that kind of add up to one question. The Outdoor pacing, low-single to mid-single digits, can you talk about what is U.S. and when you start cycling through these Toronto contracts and then was OIBDA flat, excluding that onetime payment, just for a clarification?
Joseph R. Ianniello: The answer is yes. On the second part of your question, I think we said in the remarks that the tax payment contributed to all of the loss. And U.S. usually always leads the way, so when I said low to mid, I think you should assume the U.S. is going to lead the pack there. But obviously, we have operations in Canada, Mexico and South America. So that's all, obviously, focused on the local economies. But again, it's the category or the segment is attracting broader advertising categories. So what we like about it, it's not dependent on one particular category. So there's a lot of diversity, we have geographic diversity as well. So we feel pretty good about its prospects.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, and Toronto, when are you done cycling through those contracts?
Joseph R. Ianniello: It's comped now. Yes, this quarter, so the fourth quarter was the last difficult comp for the Toronto contract.
Adam Townsend: Thanks, Marci. And this concludes today's call. Thank you, everyone, for joining us tonight. Have a great rest of your Valentine's Day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's discussion. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-07 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President of Investor Relations Sumner M. Redstone - Founder and Executive Chairman Leslie Moonves - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division David W. Miller - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division Laura A. Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Tuna N. Amobi - S&P Equity Research Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CBS Corporation Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead, sir.
Adam Townsend: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter 2012 earnings call. Joining me for today's discussion are Sumner Redstone, our Executive Chairman; Leslie Moonves, President and CEO; and Joe Ianniello, Executive Vice President and CFO. Sumner will have opening remarks and will turn the call over to Les and Joe, who will discuss the strategic and financial results. We will then open up the call to questions. Please note that statements on this conference call relating to matters, which are not historical facts, are forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's news releases and Securities filings. A webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can be found on the Investors section of our website at cbscorporation.com. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found in our earnings release or on our website. And with that, it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Sumner.
Sumner M. Redstone: Thank you, Adam. Good afternoon, everyone. Today I want to start by thanking the good people at CBS for their tremendous effort during Hurricane Sandy. My thoughts go out to all those affected by the storm. I'm really glad CBS was able to help along the way. As far as CBS's results are concerned, we have done it again, another quarter of outstanding results on our way to another phenomenal year, and I guarantee you, the momentum keeps building. I couldn't be more pleased. Clearly, CBS has the right strategy in place to take advantage of all the ways it can get paid for its industry-leading content. I'm confident, really confident, that this success will continue in 2013 and for many, many years to come. My confidence is in no small part due to the talented executives at CBS who make it all happen. Simply put, Leslie and his team know how to get this done. And so it's my great pleasure to turn this call over to my good friend and colleague, a man I frequently call a genius for the extraordinary, brilliant ways in which he has operated CBS. And now I turn this over to Chief Executive Les Moonves.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you very much, Sumner. Good afternoon, everybody, and welcome, especially you on the East Coast that are suffering through this nor'easter yet again. This certainly has been a monumental couple of weeks. Hurricane Sandy has devastated many communities in the Northeast and ultimately affected all of us in one way or another. We wish as quick a recovery as possible to everyone in Sandy's path. And as a company, we will continue to help in that effort. I would like to acknowledge the sacrifice and effort of all the CBS employees involved with the relief help during this difficult time. I also want to take a second to thank CBS News and our local TV and radio stations for their tireless work as well. These news outlets did what broadcasters do in times like these. They provided essential services to people in a way that can't be done by any other medium. And of course, last night, we also had another historic event with the election. It's been a difficult campaign. But hopefully, America can come together, and we can now move forward. Once again, I want to point out the outstanding efforts by our terrific team at CBS News from primaries into the wee hours of this morning. Now on to the business at hand. As you can see in today's release, CBS is continuing its streak of record-breaking results with all-time third quarter records in revenue, OIBDA, EPS and virtually all other key metrics as well. The fact that we were able to achieve these results in an economy that is still recovering is a testament to the remarkable transformation underway at our company. Our base businesses continue to be extremely solid performers, and at the same time, we're growing the size of our overall revenue pie by steadily increasing on non-advertising revenue as well. During the quarter, 44% of our revenue came from non-advertising sources, a dramatic change from the less than 30% we had just a few years ago. And the good news is there's still a long way to go in our evolution, and that's why we're so encouraged about what we will accomplish in 2013. Since we spoke with you about 3 months ago, we've taken many significant steps to provide consistent sources of growth for the quarters and years to come. First, we signed key retrans deals with DirecTV, Cablevision and AT&T that, together with our DISH deal earlier this year, represent 40% of the footprint covered by our TV stations. In total, our new retrans deals were done on terms significantly higher than anything we've done before and will help us get to our stated revenue goals even quicker than we'd hoped. We also signed a reverse compensation deal with one of our larger affiliate groups at significant increases as well. Again, we used to be paying them, and now they're paying us. And as we recently said, our new target is to reach at least $1 billion of revenue from retrans and reverse comp by 2017, and we are confident that we will be there ahead of that. Meanwhile, before the fall season even started, we sold our own shows into a very strong international marketplace. This includes Elementary and Vegas, each of which went for more than $2 million per episode, making them immediately profitable franchises for us. And we sold The CW's Beauty and the Beast, another CBS Studios production, for more than $1.5 million an episode as well. We also signed a series of new streaming deals that, again, are additive to the overall revenue picture. These include a new agreement announced this week with Hulu Plus for domestic streaming of our library content, as well as new deals with Netflix International in the U.K., Canada, Latin America, as well as in Scandinavia. Once again, we're taking advantage of all the new ways that people want to consume our content all over the world. So from retrans to reverse comp, syndication to streaming, all of these key revenue opportunities are growing as we said they would, plus we continue to get solid performance out of our core business. In short, we're doing exactly what we told you we'd do, and as a result, we've just produced record third quarter results. We're going to produce record results for the full year 2012 as well, and we set up the company to perform even better in 2013 and for a long, long time after that as well. Today, I'm going to give you some more details about our third quarter results. Then I'm going to discuss a few of the operating highlights across our businesses. And after that, I'll turn it over to Joe for his remarks, and then we'll be happy to take your questions. Once again, we've set records in virtually all key financial categories. These includes revenues -- revenue, which grew 2% from last year to $3.4 billion; OIBDA up 7% to $898 million; operating income up 10% to $771 million; and adjusted EPS, which was up 30% to $0.65. So you can see that we have taken single-digit revenue growth and turned it into healthy double-digit profit growth and even better EPS. And again, these were all records for us. Plus, as we continue to build more steady and recurring revenue streams, we are also successfully containing costs. And nowhere is that better reflected than in our OIBDA margin, which, at 26%, was also a record for us. We continue to bring in healthy levels of free cash flow, too. We see no better use of our excess cash than buying back our stock and increasing our dividend. Going forward, as we continue to generate cash, I am focused on looking for opportunities to increase both of these. Now let's take a look at our company's performance in each of our businesses, starting with Entertainment. CBS continues to be the most watched network on television. We once again have more than top 10 shows than all of the other networks combined, and we currently lead our nearest competitor by more than 3 million viewers per night. We have the #1 comedy with The Big Bang Theory, the #1 drama with NCIS, the #1 news magazine in 60 Minutes. And our 2 new dramas, Vegas and Elementary, are the top 2 new shows of the season. So we feel very good about our competitive position, which is improving week after week. Meanwhile, this was clearly an unusual start to the season with most networks' ratings all over the place. There are several factors at work here. First and foremost, people are watching more programming than ever, but they are increasingly time shifting that content through the DVR, streaming and video on demand. Nielsen is doing a good job of finding ways to measure this viewing, but not all of it is captured yet. Comps are difficult because of a number of factors, including debates in 4 consecutive weeks of the new season. We now have the NFL on Thursday nights, and on CBS last year, we had an extraordinary start to the season on Monday night with the debut of Ashton Kutcher on Two and a Half Men. As a result, these early numbers that you're seeing are atypical. We fully expect as the season goes on and when the season ends, we will once again win in viewers in 25 to 54 and be right there in 18 to 49 as well. Again, the most significant development we're seeing is the increased levels of viewing via the DVR streaming and video on demand. This is a good thing for us. It means that more people are watching our programming in the situations where there used to be scheduling conflicts. But it also means that you have to be more savvy when reading the ratings these days. It now takes more time to determine the true performance of a show, and in fact, even a network. As we look at DVR numbers, we're seeing tremendous lift for many of the top shows on television. In fact, CBS has 11 of the top 20 DVR lifted shows. During the C3 window, many of our shows are being lifted by as many as 3 million and 4 million viewers. And on top of that, our DVR numbers for these shows increased by nearly another 30% when we look at 7 days of DVR viewing. As we move forward, we will make it a priority to get paid for all of the viewing that is going on across our shows, including DVR viewing beyond C3. This represents a significant opportunity for us that is still in the very early stages. Just for some perspective, on this several years ago, we told you that we would monetize retrans and reverse comp in ways that would change our industry. There were many skeptics. Clearly, we have delivered on that commitment. You should now have full confidence that monetizing all of our viewing is a priority for us and will be a whole new part of our overall growth strategy in the quarters to come. Plus, there is significant upside in terms of the revenue we can generate from streaming through players like Netflix and Amazon, all the new companies that are coming on the scene. We have options to extend our current deals, and we have new players looking to license our content as we speak. In addition, we are considering for the first time opportunities to license past seasons of current CBS and Showtime programming. As you know, we've been very careful about this, and we are now confident that streaming these shows can represent significant incremental new high-margin revenue for us in 2013 and '14, too. As we do this, we are fully confident that CBS Television Network will continue to dominate. Once again, network television continues to have the biggest audiences anywhere, and CBS continues to be #1 without any make good issues whatsoever. And scatter demand remains very strong and is, in fact, now building. Yes, our pacing in network advertising is accelerating as we speak. And as we head into the second half of the season, our momentum will only be built. Within a 4-week period, in Q1, in primetime, we will have the AFC Championship, the Super Bowl and the Grammys. Conservatively speaking, we will have 170 million incremental viewers watching CBS during this time. We will obviously get a big ratings boost when we broadcast these events, and we will also have the world's best promotional platform to support our overall programming lineup for the rest of the 2013 season. And speaking of the Super Bowl, most of our inventory is already sold at extremely strong pricing. Spots have gone for north of $4 million for 30 seconds. And in New York alone, we sold a spot on WCBS for just shy of $1 million. Just think of that, $1 million for a local spot in one market, pretty incredible. So as you'd expect, the Super Bowl and the NFL overall continues to be an extremely hot ticket. As we look ahead to the 2013, we also have a very strong round of syndication for leases to monetize. The Good Wife, NCIS: Los Angeles, Blue Bloods and Hawaii Five-O will all hit the books within the next 2 years with 2 of these shows being sold in 2013 and the other 2 in '14. And looking further down the road, we expect to replicate this process with Elementary and Vegas as well. Having the best content is also the key to our success at Showtime. Since our last call, Homeland became the first show in nearly 20 years to win the Emmy Award for lead actor, lead actress, best writing and best drama, all in the same year, a remarkable feat for a freshman series. This show has unprecedented buzz and has picked up where it left off last year in terms of ratings. In fact, both Homeland, as well as Dexter, are up over last year's strong numbers. And this past week, they both had their highest ratings ever. What's most important about the success of these shows is their ability to drive subscriber growth. And Showtime has now reached 22 million subs. The conversations with MSOs are a whole lot easier when you have a show like Homeland in your arsenal. Going forward, Showtime will be launching 2 new dramas, and we have ownership in both of them. Plus, the production team behind 60 Minutes will be launching a new sports magazine on Showtime called 60 Minutes Sports in January as well. By the way, that's what I call synergy, CBS News, CBS Sports and Showtime all working together. In Publishing, digital sales now represent more than 20% of Simon & Schuster's business, and that percentage is growing year after year. And as you could see in our results, we're benefiting from the favorable economics of e-books with a Publishing margin that has now reached 19%. Plus, Simon & Schuster continues to release new successful titles all the time. So far this year, we've had more than 276 New York Times bestsellers, with 32 of them making it to #1. Turning to our local businesses, as I said earlier, this has been a very active campaign season from the presidency to all the congressional races to the many prop initiatives that were on the ballot in California. An unprecedented amount of money was spent this year. All told, we set a new record for the most dollars ever in a presidential election year. And more so than in the past, the dollars came in during the fourth quarter rather than the third. So you'll see the benefit of that on our next call. In addition, Automotive, which is our biggest category, continues to be very strong, and TV station pacing is accelerating overall. Meanwhile, our Television Stations continues to have success in the very lucrative late-night news time slot fueled by the strength of the CBS Television Network and by our 10:00 shows where we win on just about every night. During Premiere Week, 12 our major market stations ranked first or strong second in this time period. In fact, WCBS in New York had its highest news rating since 2009, and WBBM in Chicago had its best ratings in 8 years. In Radio, we took a significant step with our major market strategy with the acquisition of 101.9, which now gives us another strong signal in the nation's #1 market. It has been renamed WFAN-FM and is now the FM home for what is already the #1 sports radio station in the country. This new station will also be a key part of the CBS Sports Radio network that will be launching nationwide in January. Speaking of sports, the Summer Olympics helped drive strong results in our Outdoor international business in the third quarter. Even with the challenging European economy, our international division posted a double-digit revenue increase. And in the Americas, our U.S. billboards and displays business pulled in another strong quarter and continues to grow. So as you can see, we have turned in another terrific quarter with record results across the board. This is a direct result of the strategic steps we have taken to transform CBS, as well as the blocking and tackling at our industry-leading core businesses. After we post record results for the full year 2012, 2013 will be even better. Let me tell you specifically why we know that. Ratings and advertising will grow. We have the strongest possible kick start to the year with the 3 major primetime events that I mentioned. These broadcasts will give us a huge boost in advertising, and thanks to the promotional platform they will provide, our ratings in the quarter after that will benefit as well. We are very confident that our primetime ratings will continue to improve. As the season goes on, we will finish the season on top and very strong in every single one of the key demos. Next, we will increasingly monetize all of our ratings in all of our viewing. Industry measurement is catching up with the changing habits of content consumption, and this will be to our benefit. Again, these developments represent significant upside for us. Syndication will drive next year as well. We have the 4 big dramas I told you about coming in '13 and '14, and we keep replenishing our pipeline with CBS and Showtime content for future syndication sales domestically and internationally. We'll also have more streaming deals that will be done in 2013. As I mentioned, we're now considering exercising our options to add library seasons of current shows into our streaming deals. This could have a major impact on our results next year. Finally, we have 3 more retrans deals coming up in 2013 that together represent another 20% of our station's footprint. These, along with additional reverse comp deals coming up next year, will drive us towards our goal of at least $1 billion by 2017, if not before. And of course, next year and every year, we will continue to manage our business in a way that delivers maximum shareholder value to our investors. That's what we've always promised to all of you, and that's what we do. Thank you. And with that, I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Thanks, Les, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll provide some more details about our third quarter, and then I'll talk about what we're seeing in the fourth quarter and 2013. Let's start with our third quarter results. As Les highlighted, CBS's record results this quarter once again demonstrate the benefits of the steps we are taking to grow our revenue with a more diverse mix. As we continue this shift, you can see that the overall financial performance of our company is becoming less cyclical and more profitable. For the quarter, as you heard, we delivered record revenue of $3.4 billion, an increase of 2%. Let's take a look on how that breaks down. Content licensing and distribution was up 8%, and affiliate and subscription fees were up 12%. The continued growth in these contractual revenue streams more than offset lower summer advertising dollars. The progress we have made in growing our recurring revenue sources has never been more apparent than this quarter, with advertising accounting for just 56% of total revenue. As we said before, this revenue mix may shift a bit during the next 2 quarters as we gain more political and Super Bowl advertising dollars. But we expect the overall trend towards more non-advertising revenue to continue. Also, during the quarter, as Leslie said, our continued focus on cost controls, along with our high-margin revenue growth, translated into record profits and margins. Our OIBDA margin of 26% was our best ever. Adjusted EPS in the third quarter came in at a record $0.65, up 30%. This excludes a loss of $0.05 per share on the early extinguishment of debt that we told you about during our last call. The story for our year-to-date performance is very consistent with our third quarter results with records across nearly all of our key financial metrics. This includes year-to-date revenue of $10.8 billion, up 3%, with growth in every single segment; year-to-date OIBDA of $2.6 billion, up 13%; year-to-date operating income of $2.2 billion, up 16%; and year-to-date adjusted EPS of $1.83, up 35%. Now let's turn to our operating segments. Entertainment revenue for the third quarter was $1.7 billion, up 3%, driven by growth in global content licensing and higher retrans fees. Entertainment OIBDA of $384 million was down $21 million. This decline was due in part to the timing of P&A costs for 2 film releases this fall versus no releases a year ago. In our Cable Networks segment, revenue for the quarter was $436 million, up 4%, driven by continued steady growth in rates and subscribers. Cable OIBDA increased 12% to $227 million, driven by revenue growth and the benefit of increased ownership in original Showtime content. Turning to Publishing, third quarter revenue was $210 million, down 5% because of a decline in the sales of traditional print books. However, more profitable digital sales were up 20% for the quarter and now represent 21% of total Publishing revenue. Publishing OIBDA of $39 million was up 3% for the quarter, demonstrating the improved profitability of this business as it shifts towards a more efficient distribution platform. This was also the reason that Publishing's OIBDA margin expanded from 17% to 19%. In Local Broadcasting, third quarter revenue of $661 million was up 1%. TV Station revenue was up 7%, and Radio revenue was down 5%. Political dollars definitely shifted from the third quarter into the fourth as campaigns chose to spend their dollars closer to the election. Local Broadcasting OIBDA was $213 million, up 16% for the quarter. And the OIBDA margin grew 4 percentage points to 32%. The expanded margin was due to the higher-margin revenue, lower programming costs and the benefit of a new long-term music royalty agreement. And finally, Outdoor revenue for the quarter was $486 million, up 2% on a reported basis. On a constant dollar basis, revenue grew 5%, led by Europe, which was up 14%, driven by the Olympic Games in London. In the U.S., our billboard and display businesses were also up 5%. Outdoor OIBDA of $99 million increased 24% in the quarter, also driven by the Olympics. In addition, this business continues to benefit from improved operating efficiencies, as well as the elimination of unfavorable contracts. You can see the results of these efforts in our Outdoor OIBDA margin, which expanded 300 basis points to 20%. Turning to cash flow and our balance sheet. For the quarter, free cash flow payment of $163 million compared to $29 million last year. Both of these figures were affected by special items, including this year's debt refinancing and the discretionary pension funding from a year ago. Year-to-date, free cash flow was $1.3 billion. Also for the quarter, you can see interest expense declined to $95 million from $110 million a year ago, reflecting the benefit of the debt refinancings we did this year. In addition, we remain consistent with the accelerated pace of our share repurchase program in the third quarter, using $300 million of our authorization to retire 8.6 million shares. We have $2.8 billion remaining on the program as of September 30. And also, we had $947 million of cash on hand at the end of the third quarter as well. Now let me give you a few observations about what we see in Q4. We're seeing accelerating trends across the Local Broadcasting segment, which is pacing to be up double digits for the fourth quarter. This is led by our TV stations which are pacing to be up 20-plus percent, driven by the surge in political spending. Outdoor Americas is pacing up low single digits, offset by declines in Europe because of the continued economic challenges in that region. And at the CBS Television Network, scatter trends remain healthy with fourth quarter pricing up in the mid-teens over the most recent upfront. So with 2012 set to be a record year, we are focused on delivering an even better 2013. Les told you about the key factors that will drive our results next year. Let me tell you where you're going to see them in our key types of revenue. In content licensing and distribution, we will see a significant increase in revenue as 2 of our hit shows go into first cycle syndication. Streaming revenue will also benefit from renewals and extensions on existing deals. So this year's streaming revenue will be bigger than last year, and next year's will be even bigger than this year's. In affiliate and subscription fees, we know we'll see continued growth in cable affiliate revenue, retran and reverse compensation. Between the retrans deals coming up and the reverse compensation we expect next year, we will approach the halfway mark to that $1 billion in revenue that we spoke about earlier. And in advertising, as you know, we are set to benefit from the Super Bowl, which will hit both our Entertainment and Local Broadcasting segments. In addition, we will benefit from higher pricing as a result of our upfront CPM increases. And we will have 17 more hours of primetime inventory in 2013 that we didn't have this year due to the political coverage, not to mention an increased share of summer ad dollars without an Olympics in 2013. So all 3 key types of revenue, content licensing and distribution, affiliate and subscription fees and advertising, will be strong next year. At the same time, we will continue to be vigilant about our costs as we always look for ways to improve productivity. And we will also be improving our bottom line from lower interest expense, lower depreciation and amortization expense and lower shares outstanding. And of course, capital returns to our shareholders in the form of share buyback and dividends will remain our key priority. So what you can expect from CBS in 2013 is more of the same and then some. And with that, Gwen, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Benjamin Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Les, I want to ask about you the TV viewing numbers we're seeing since obviously, everyone's focused on them, not just for the industry but for CBS. The 3 areas that I think are sources of leakage in the Nielsen ratings would be VOD, where the ad loads aren't the same; DVR viewing after 3 days; and then sort of streaming on players like TV.com and now your Hulu Plus deal. How do you address all of those? And how quickly can that get taken care of? Because it's obviously something that's impacting the business. And then I have one follow-up for Joe.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, clearly, Ben, we've been heading in this direction for a long time. We have seen this coming. DVR usage has been growing. And obviously, streaming is sort of a pretty new, as is a VOD. And some of it we're getting paid for. Look, the majority of DVR viewing is in the first 3 days, which is good, and we're pushing to get it to be -- to 7 days. And we think that's going to happen within a relatively short period of time, as well as that. Streaming, once again, we are getting paid for it on cbs.com. We're making all these deals. And VOD is going to get there as well. So as I said, it's a different way of looking at our world. But once again, when you add all these elements together, financially, it is a positive for us. And once again, you have to stop -- people have to stop looking at overnight ratings because it's really a very, very different ballgame than it ever was. And once again, we are encouraged because more and more people are absorbing content, and we're going to get paid more and more.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Sure. And then, Joe, just a separate topic. You mentioned depreciation and amortization. It's down in the quarter year-on-year. When I look at the cash flow statement, your CapEx is running at like $150 million year-to-date versus D&A of $390 million, and I think everyone knows CBS generates more free cash flow than GAAP earnings. How long does it take for that to close? And should it close all the way?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, it'll definitely close, Ben. It'll take a few years because when you depreciate, some -- it's usually our useful life is kind of on a 5- to 7-year average life cycle. So we've been on there -- at this for a few years now. So I think over the coming years, you'll see that continually step down. I think we do kind of give some kind of forward disclosure in our 10-Q and K filings to help you. But it'll take a couple of years, but it's going to converge down with our kind of lower capital spending over the years.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I have 2 questions. Is there any limit what you can put through Netflix, any other SVOD players? I mean, besides the CBS shows, are there other shows that can go in?
Leslie Moonves: You mean besides the CBS-produced shows?
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Meaning -- no, no, no, like -- no, no, no, not the CBS. I meant, like, Showtime shows or -- besides the network shows. But you mentioned library.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, I mean, Showtime, actually, was one of the first precursors. They had Dexter on Netflix before we even made our CBS deal. So yes, we have deals in place potentially down the line for shows from Showtime, from CBS and The CW. So -- and then once again, once again, the only deals we've made so far are about 7% of our library content. And then we just added CSI: Miami to that mix since we took it off the air in May. So frankly, the sky's the limit in terms of availability and our ability to grow our deal with Netflix.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So as the second part of that question, but not my second question, to be clear, how high can Entertainment margins go?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Well, Jessica, look we're definitely investing in content as we are owning more and more of the content. So clearly, it builds, and you can see that kind of as the overall company, but just look at the overall margin. Again, I always like to focus people on looking at margins more in a year-to-year basis, year-to-date basis as opposed to a quarter. But clearly, these are high-margin revenue dollars that will continue to expand.
Leslie Moonves: Okay. And now you can ask your second question.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And now I can ask my real second question. So the second question is when you guys talked about, both of you, Les and Joe, you talked about 2013 drivers, I didnt really hear Outdoor or Radio being a driver. Can you talk about the long-term strategy? Do you really need to hang on? And if you don't need to hand on to them, can talk structurally what you guys are thinking of?
Leslie Moonves: Go, Joe.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, well, I'll take it. Yes. Look, I think from a Radio perspective, it's absolutely producing content. Sports and news, it's key to the overall CBS strategy. We have a large market focus, so I think it fits very nicely. Obviously, we like the margins. Obviously, these brands are going online, and it's living outside of just the local region. So we're very bullish on Radio and as well as Outdoor. So Outdoor, we know there's lots of interest in Outdoor. We understand what some of our peers are doing. We're definitely considering all options for it. But again, there is a lot of focus on it because I think everybody sees the value that we see.
Operator: And we'll go next to David Bank with RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Two questions. I guess the first one is with respect to your commentary on selling current series past seasons into online distribution potentially, what was your thought process there? What made you arrive at this point today where you think you might be ready to do it? And more importantly, what do you think the monetization of that kind of content would be? Do you think it's similar to the kind of levels you're seeing in traditional syndication for that same kind of content? And the second question is can you walk us through 2 things with respect to sort of ratings and ad growth? The first is, that the C3 ratings progression over the first couple of weeks of the season. So have we seen improvement in ratings? And as a progression, do we expect to see that to continue? And second, can you talk a little bit about maybe ad revenue pacings at the network for the quarters just to give us a sense of -- we see these ratings numbers, and I don't think -- I think the correlation between ratings and revenue is a little bit lacking, and so maybe you could kind of help us see that one more clearly.
Leslie Moonves: All right, David. In terms of -- it is definitely a shift for us. And you know what, we've looked at the results from Netflix and Amazon, we're getting more and more information from streaming on our own sites. And in certain cases, we have come to the conclusion that streaming of previous seasons of certain shows will actually give benefit to it, as it has been with syndication. As we saw with NCIS when it went to syndication, ratings went up; Big Bang, ratings went up. So we're now taking a look. And as you know, Netflix really likes -- would like to do that, and we have deals in place for previous seasons at very good rates. So it is looking like it is very attractive, obviously, for the bottom line, as well as we think it will be a help to the network, not a hindrance, to do that. What that could mean? It could mean tens of millions of dollars. It can be the equivalent or even better than or part of syndication. In other words, like we do internationally. You take a show and you look at slicing and then dicing it in very, very different ways than you ever did before, and it's great that now you have 12 revenue streams instead of just basic fast fall down the middle to syndication. Regarding the C3 progression, going to your second question, we absolutely -- as I said, there a lot of factors that influence the start of the season. There was a lot of political things going on, and we have seen it grow. Frankly, the numbers have grown from that, and C3 is becoming a bigger part of our universe. And when you see these numbers, as I said, 3 million, 4 million viewers added to a number, 1.5 points added to an 18 to 49 number, they are substantial, and they are growing, and more and more people are doing that. And that's especially potent when it comes to the 10:00 shows because 10:00 shows people go to sleep, but they may watch that 10:00 show the next day. And we're finding it -- you look at Monday night, and you see there are 3 10:00 shows that are actually working on all 3 networks, and they all are benefited greatly by a C3 number, which is very high. And that's Hawaii Five-O for us, Revolution and Castle on ABC. And in terms of the ad pacing, once again, as Joe mentioned, we are seeing mid-teen growth in the scatter market. Add that to the high single digits that we got in the upfront, and you're looking at substantial growth numbers as we head into the fourth and then the first quarter, which is why we're optimistic and why we stated our pacing is actually growing and it's getting more and more intense. So looking forward, the rest of the season should be terrific.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So Les, ad revenue, you're expecting to be positive in the fourth quarter at the network? Is that what you're saying?
Leslie Moonves: Yes, yes.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Anthony DiClemente with Barclays.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I have 2 questions. One is I just want to hear a little bit about the new retrans deals that you talked about in your comments. I think you said AT&T, DirecTV, Cablevision. What is kind of the timing of when those start to hit? I'm just wondering, as we kind of model out retrans and reverse comp, how -- what the cadence of those new revenues look like. And is there any point where we should see more of an acceleration? And then just a little bit, anything on color -- on background on how those conversations go and kind of what those deals look like? And then my second question is just around this kind of new topic today on current release, sales of your content. Just to clarify, what would be the monetization vehicle? Would it be -- would those be kind of lumpy onetime content revenues? Or would that be like a revenue share, for example, like with the Hulu? Because I do remember one of the issues on that was your sales force and being able to -- if it is selling advertising against currently leased programming, the idea of relinquishing the sales process to an online distributor. I'm just wondering how that will all work. So if you could comment on those 2, I'd appreciate it.
Leslie Moonves: I'll give you a little color on the retrans, and Joe will go to the number. Look, we have a lot of power. The NFL gives us a lot of power. In addition, as I mentioned, having Showtime is great. So the conversations were heated. They were intense. But we're happy we didn't have to pull our signal and cost ourselves any money. Did Jimmy Dolan and I deal directly? Yes, quite a bit, quite a bit, and it was a good conversation. As you can imagine, there was wrangling. The same thing in all of the conversations, but we came out very well. Joe, why don't you talk about...
Joseph R. Ianniello: Anthony, when they hit is usually again -- as soon as we sign the deals, they're usually effective immediately. So there's obviously -- we can't talk about anything specific, but obviously, we see the value of the long-term deals, and there are escalators in them. And as far as the past seasons of current shows, for instance, a CSI or something like that thats been sold through, yes, the revenue recognition does get lumpy. But usually, again, it's over periods of time, and then they have to kind of re-up to extend those. So again, it kind of continues. So we look at it more as an annuity, but it does get a little lumpy in the way the accounting rules work.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then just online ad sales against your current release programming, can you just talk about that?
Leslie Moonves: We have -- obviously, we've put them up on cbs.com and the shows that we own and...
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, and we monetize them at CPM rates higher than -- as high as the network. So...
Leslie Moonves: And with full ad loads.
Joseph R. Ianniello: With ad loads, yes. So we're fully monetizing on that.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, and that's growing every day.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Morris from Davenport & Company.
Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Two questions. The first one is on your advertising trends, day parts other than prime. We have a lot of focus on prime and the ratings there. I think that thats about 1/2 your ad revenue. I'm curious as to, number one, sports and the NFL. Are you seeing the growth? Are you seeing better growth at the NFL than you're seeing in kind of these primetime ad pacings you're talking about? Also, we're seeing some more NFL content in prime with the later starts on the East Coast and the AFC Championship Game in prime later this year. So if you could comment on the sports and also just kind of daytime news, what you're seeing there. And then second, just over on the streaming deals, it's a hot topic for us, obviously, but how much of the streaming revenue is coming specifically from Netflix as you look forward and you say 2013 is bigger than 2012? And really, the root of my question is there's some concern that at some point, Netflix can't continue to increase their content payments. Your thoughts there would be appreciated.
Leslie Moonves: I'll deal a little bit with the first part, and I'll have Joe do the streaming. In terms of sports, it's still the hottest ticket in town, specifically the NFL. It's selling very well at every single network. Our ratings are up a couple of points from a sensational year last year. You're not seeing -- that's the part of the universe that streaming doesn't come into play. Live sporting events is still huge, and yes, the pacing is even better, far better, than it is even for primetime. So we're very excited, and we wish the NFL lasted for 32 weeks instead of 17. And once again, having the AFC Championship and the Super Bowl, we're able to put together some pretty compelling packages. Daytime pacing, once again, it's -- I wouldn't call it as robust as prime, but it's doing extremely well. We make -- once again, our daytime programming makes significantly more profit than it made a couple of years ago. News, once again, has been a very active season. And the good news for both of our key news franchises, Scott Pelley's numbers are up considerably, and the Morning is up a lot as well. So we're really pleased with what we're doing there.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Mike, as far as streaming, obviously we have deals with Netflix, Amazon, Hulu Plus and a lot of others that are talking about the marketplace. I think what we rest assured is that consumers want to consume content this way. So I think it's going to find its home. Obviously, we look at Netflix's financials as well when we do deals with them. But they're very successful, and they have a huge installed base. So there's lots of value there. But again, I think it's really being driven by consumer demand.
Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: And so this putting the prior seasons of currently on-the-air shows, that's not just a Netflix-type of arrangement, that's across a number of these partners or...
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, we can do that, again, across the board.
Leslie Moonves: Again, the great news is all these deals are non-exclusive. But once again, we're not going to take the entire schedule and put it on. We're going to pick and choose the shows that we think, a, are already sold into syndication; or b, we think that could help us in terms of raising the ratings on the network. So -- but once again, when you look at what we have on the air and all the seasons that are not streamed, that could be a sizable amount of money over the next couple of years.
Operator: And we'll go next to David Miller with Caris & Company.
David W. Miller - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes, I just have one question for Les. Les, you mentioned the ratings issues. You mentioned sort of the NFL network, the debates, DVR viewing, et cetera, as somewhat of a culprit here. I'm surprised I didn't hear you say anything about sampling of new shows across the other networks -- or the other broadcast networks, I mean. And the reason I cite that is because I think it was the fall of '08, could've been the fall of '07. I think it was the fall of '08, where -- no one really remembers this because the fall of '08, we obviously had other problems. The world was basically ending. But if I recall on the fall of '08, there was a lot of sampling of other new shows on ABC, NBC, Fox, et cetera. And eventually, viewership kind of came back to you at around this time of year. It was around early November. Are you seeing that at all? It seems like you might be, just especially in light of your commentary about the strength of the scatter market.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, I mean, look, the early part of the year is always about sampling. People have spent the whole summer, some of them spent the Olympics, promoting new shows, and people want to try them out. This past week, we had our highest-rated week ever. This is the first -- this is the week that we were comparably better than a year ago in just about every demo -- I think in every demo. So what happens is they do go out and sample. And guess what's winning Wednesday night at 10:00 in every single demo? Year '13 of CSI, by a lot, okay, against 2 new shows, 2 new shows heavily promoted. So you know what, the stability of CBS is coming to the forefront much now -- much more now than in the opening couple of weeks of the season. So I didn't bring it up because it's sort of the same thing every year.
Operator: We'll go next to Laura Martin with Needham & Company.
Laura A. Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Could you give us an update on film and remind me what the allocation of capital is towards the film business in 2013, Les? And then for you, Joe, Fox was kind enough to tell us that political advertising in the third quarter was $40 million positive swing for their station, and I know it sounds like most of yours is coming in the fourth quarter. But could you size for us over the course of 2012 what you think the political is going to come -- or came in at, actually?
Leslie Moonves: Yes. Laura, on film, we will have released 4 movies this year. '13, it looks like there's going to be 3. Once again, all of these are very low-budget releases, once again, not a great deal of exposure that really affects anything. As Joe said, look, we had P&A on 2 movies within a 3-week period of time, and last year we had 0. So it did affect that. But there is -- it's really very minimal.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And Laura, on political, just to give you some context, in 2008, the last presidential, we generated $140 million total over the full year. We're going to significantly beat that. So -- and again, more of that than normal is coming in, in the fourth quarter. So we're still tabulating those dollars as we speak here today.
Operator: And we'll go next to Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Les, I wanted to take a step back and shift the ratings discussion to TV schedule management. You know I agree with you regarding all of the unusual factors so far this season. So let's say CBS now or at some point in the future does have quite a few aging shows. Does the breadth of strength across your schedule go from sort of an important advantage to a disadvantage in sort of 2 areas? First challenge is you have a profit incentive to keep shows in the air, right, even when the ratings decline because you might make a lot of money on those shows international, syndication, plus a lot of your -- any shows you have in decline might still be higher rated than your competitors' shows, right? And that sort of leaves the second challenge. You've got so few open spots to try and launch 2 hit shows. If you get to the point where you need to be ramping development, maybe you need more than 1 or 2 hit shows a year. You need 2 or 3 or 3 or 4. You have a lack of shelf space. So I know it's strange to be asked if you were too successful in the past, but I'm curious, how would you approach those?
Leslie Moonves: I never mind being called too successful. That's okay. No, look, scheduling still does matter. And yes, is it harder to get on our schedule than everybody else? Absolutely. As a matter of fact, last year, when we canceled Unforgettable, one of the papers said, which is true, CBS just canceled a show that was higher-rated than any other show at one other to-be-named-later network. Now we canceled it, and ironically, Sony came back to us, and we're now putting it on the summer. We're going to be doing more summer programming. Plus, you know what, our development costs basically are the same year after year. We really don't cut way back. The only year we cut way back was the year of the strike. So we will keep that going. And once again, we have always pulled our shows off a year early. I could have kept CSI: Miami on, but we pulled it off to make room for a Vegas or an Elementary, and that's what we did. We took CSI: Miami. We moved Mentalist from Thursday to Sunday, and we put Elementary in there, which looks like it's going to be a brand-new hit franchise for us. So look, I still look at the schedule every day. I'm still paying attention to it. We still are in full-scale development. And I think you have to look at the television universe in totality. Network ratings, profitability are all important, but as you know, we like having high ratings.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So if I try to put a fine point on it, Les, would you say at this point that you're worried at all that you have too many shows that are aging at the same time? Or do you still feel like this is an overall healthy schedule?
Leslie Moonves: We have the 2 highest-rated new shows of last year in Person of Interest and Two Broke Girls; highest-rated new drama, highest-rated new comedy. I think we have 2 keepers from this year. So our schedule is still filled with a lot of young shows mixed in with so many hits. Blue Bloods is only 3 years old. Hawaii Five-O is only 3 years old. NCIS: LA is 4 years old. So there is a lot -- Good Wife is 4 years old. There's a lot of youth in the schedule. Just because we have Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig, it doesn't mean that we don't have the up-and-coming young rookies, too.
Operator: And we'll go next to Tuna Amobi with S&P.
Tuna N. Amobi - S&P Equity Research: So one for Joe and one for Les. So in regards to the Olympics, it seems like it was a net benefit to the company given the lease in Outdoor segment. Can you perhaps comment on any impact on the network and how -- what changes that you made there to mitigate the impact there? And for Les, I was wondering if you could comment about the noise around ad hopping. I guess specifically, are there any scenarios where you might consider trading off advertising revenues if you felt that you could be adequately compensated by pay TV affiliates that are pushing such ads keeping functionalities given particularly that your business mix is positively moving in that direction anyways? Any comments there would be helpful.
Leslie Moonves: Okay, Doug, I'll start. With the Olympics, clearly the international Outdoor business benefited by that. We were the premier Outdoor advertiser there. So obviously, with a weak macro backdrop, we were able to post those results. We don't break out specific numbers. And as far as here in the States, it was highly rated here. We've generated some ad dollars. But good for that. And again, we'll have an easy comp next year, and we're focused on this season and going forward.
Tuna N. Amobi - S&P Equity Research: So not possible -- so quite a side impact on the network, Joe, Im assuming, right?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Tuna, it's hard to say exactly what the ad dollar shift would have been in dollars in the third quarter.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, I mean, look, did it affect our ratings? Sure, but not substantial, and we've anticipated it. And it happens every couple of years. They have the Olympics, and no big deal. And on your second question regarding the ad hopping, the fact of the matter is we produce content, and we need to get paid for it. I suppose if DISH wanted to pay us $5 a sub, we might consider letting them do that. So that would be the alternative to that, but under the current circumstances, they can eliminate our ads.
Operator: We'll take our last question from Alan Gould with Evercore Partners.
Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I've got a couple of questions. First, on the retrans deals, you said 40% of your footprint has been done this year. Can you give us the average length of those retrans deals? And Joe, you did mention escalators. Are those escalators inflation? Or are they significantly even greater than inflation?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Well, Alan, Id say inflation isn't too high. So we don't like carrying the inflation. So we never put inflation in. We prescribe what the rates are. We don't like to rely on somebody else to determine what increases the revenue we have. What was your other question?
Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Well, can you give the average length of those 4 deals?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Look, we like the deal shorter because, again, we like to kind of go back at them again. We're open to doing longer-term deals. But you've got -- the terms have to be right, and I think that's important. But on average, the kind of plus or minus 5 years, I think, is a safe bet. But like I said, we're willing to bet on our content and bet on ourselves.
Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, Les, you mentioned in your comments that there's no make good situation. I realize the season's early, but you're only getting paid on C plus 3 [ph], not the other items. Can you just explain how C plus 3 [ph], even if you adjust for the Ashton Kutcher effect, the halo effect and others, still running down, say, 10%?
Leslie Moonves: Yes. Number one, most of that 10% is based on one night. And we feel like, and our advertisers agree, that this is going to go away over the next few weeks and as we head into the beginning of the year. So there's no payback necessary. Once again, it's not a cut and dried system where if you've missed the number, they realize by the end of the year, we will be fine, so there's no make goods.
Adam Townsend: Thanks, Alan. And this concludes today's call. Thank you, everyone, for joining us. Have a great evening.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-02 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President of Investor Relations Sumner M. Redstone - Founder and Executive Chairman Leslie Moonves - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division David W. Miller - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CBS Corporation Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead.
Adam Townsend: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. Joining me for today's discussion are Sumner Redstone, our Executive Chairman; Leslie Moonves, President and CEO; and Joe Ianniello, Executive Vice President and CFO. Sumner will have opening remarks, and we'll turn the call over to Les and Joe, who will discuss the strategic and financial results. We will then open the call up to questions. Please note that statements on this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's news releases and securities filings. A webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can be found on the Investors section of our website at cbscorporation.com. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found in our earnings release or on our website. And with that, it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Sumner.
Sumner M. Redstone: Thank you, Adam. Good afternoon, everyone. I could not be more pleased to be reporting yet another quarter of truly spectacular results. Our world-class content remains a driving force behind our success. And we continue to sell our content in new ways that generate higher and higher profits, and there are many more opportunities before us that will enable us to grow year after year and year after year. Our CBS strategy is working better than ever and I am convinced it will keep us at the forefront of our industry for many, many years to come. But as you know, strategy is not everything. You also need the right person at the top to execute that strategy. And obviously, there is nobody better suited for that job than CBS' President, my friend, Les Moonves. So to tell you more about CBS' exceptional performance, I'm going to turn this call over to the man I call a super genius, Les. And Les, the reason I call you a super genius is there are no words to describe the spectacular manner in which you have operated CBS. And you know I'm proud of you and I'm proud of all your achievements, Les.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you, Sumner. I'm blushing. You can't see me, but thank you very much for those very nice remarks.
Sumner M. Redstone: You're entitled to those comments. You are the best.
Leslie Moonves: I'm very flattered. Good afternoon, everybody, and thank you for joining us. I'm very pleased to be reporting another terrific quarter today. In fact, in EPS, operating income and OIBDA, we didn't just break records for the second quarter, we delivered record results that were better than any quarter since CBS Corporation became a standalone company 6.5 years ago. EPS of $0.65 was our highest ever, and so is operating income of $769 million. OIBDA of $901 million was an all-time quarterly high as well, and to top it off, our OIBDA margin of 26% was also the best we've achieved to date. It's important to point out that this was a very clean quarter. No special items drove these results. Clearly, CBS is increasingly benefiting from the steps we've taken to improve our business model. While our traditional businesses continue to grow and provide a tremendous source of strength for our company, we also have multiple sources of recurring high-margin revenue that are increasingly paying off in our results. And the good news is there's still a long way to go in our evolution. Plus, we have several significant contributors to revenues in the quarters and years to come, driving us to what we're confident will be record results for this year and an even better 2013. First, in terms -- in the near term, pacing in the third quarter is accelerating across our local businesses. The London Olympics and the presidential election here in the U.S. will significantly help our results in the back half of the year. Second, we recently sold our network inventory at very attractive pricing in the upfront. This will not only benefit us later this year but throughout the 2012-2013 television season. Third, in 2013 and 2014, we have 4 hit shows going into syndication: Hawaii Five-0, NCIS: Los Angeles, The Good Wife and Blue Bloods. These titles will generate hundreds of millions of dollars for us in the next couple of years, and then they will follow in the footsteps of CSI and NCIS, continuing to generate significant revenue for many years to come. In addition, the success of our programming is fueling new and growing revenue streams on emerging digital platforms. Consumer demand is driving this growth and we continue to have discussions with all sorts of developing streaming and download services. We look forward to updating you on our progress in this area very soon. Across the board, our content is what distinguishes this company, and it what's makes us so confident about a future that is increasingly rewarding those with the best programming. In fact, it's this confidence that led to last week's announcement to expand our share repurchase program by 57% and increase our dividend by 20%. Returning value to shareholders has always been a top priority for us and this new commitment demonstrates that it will be in the years to come at well -- as well. Right now, I'm going to tell you some more about our second quarter results and then I'll give you some highlights of each of our businesses before turning it over to Joe for more details. And after that, we'll obviously be happy to take your questions. As I said, in the second quarter, we set all-time records in EPS, operating income and OIBDA. As we produced these record-setting profit numbers, 2 timing issues affected our revenue during the quarter. Last year, the semifinals of the NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament were in the second quarter. This year, they were in the first. Likewise, the initial substantial wave of revenue from our new streaming deal was reported in the second quarter last year, and this year, we reported it in the first quarter. As a result, revenue of $3.5 billion this quarter came in a little lower than a year ago. But the entire difference in revenue between this year and last year is because of these 2 noncomparable items. Meanwhile, we're containing our expenses and strengthening our balance sheet. We recently took advantage of the favorable debt markets to do some significant refinancing, which will save us tens of millions of dollars a year in interest costs, going forward. So as you can see, even with an uneven economy, our financial health is superb, our content is at the top of its game and the opportunities in front of us are enormous. Now let's take a look at how each of our businesses is contributing to our success, starting with Entertainment. The CBS Television Network recently scored a broadcast television trifecta: For the year, we were #1 in viewers, we were #1 in upfront revenue and we were #1 in Emmy nominations. Good performance, good business and outstanding quality on the screen. In terms of viewers, this was the ninth year -- ninth time in the last 10 years that CBS has been #1. Our success has clearly dispelled the myth of network cyclicality. Not only do we continue to dominate year-after-year, but our lead is widening. This past season, we had nearly 3 million more viewers per week than our nearest competitor, the largest margin of victory by any network in more than 20 years. And success breeds more success. Due to the strength of our existing schedule, this fall, we'll be adding just 4 new shows while our competitors are forced to add many more. With fewer shows to produce and the best platform from which to launch them, we are extremely confident that we will finish #1 again next year. Advertisers clearly agree. As I mentioned, in the upfront selling season that took place during the quarter, CBS once again led the way in both total dollars and rate increases, another positive sign for revenue later this year and in 2013. Plus, as we continue to diversify our revenue sources, CBS' ownership in all 3 of our new fall dramas will present many more opportunities to monetize our content. Let's take a brief look at some of these key developing revenue opportunities. As you know, one of the fastest-growing and most significant ways we are monetizing our content is international syndication. Overseas, the appetite for CBS-produced shows continues to be huge, including programming from the CBS Television Network, The CW and Showtime. We held our international screenings in late May and there was a lot of excitement for our new shows, particularly in Europe for Elementary, which is our modern take on Sherlock Holmes; and also for Vegas, which stars Dennis Quaid and Michael Chiklis. Just as we've done in the past few years, we're now selling these shows for millions of dollars an episode before they even air in the U.S. And as we announced this week, we're also expanding our international footprint with ownership positions in new CBS-branded cable channels across Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa. Just as we've successfully done in the U.K., Australia and in India, we are using our extensive library to gain equity in new ventures and opening up new forms of distribution for our programming and the CBS brand. Meanwhile, online streaming also continues to be a growing source of revenue. You can see the effect of Netflix and Amazon have had on us and what our Hulu Plus deal has done for The CW as well. I can tell you that interest in our content from all these new entrants to the marketplace is extremely high. And not only here in the U.S.; the international marketplace for streaming content is extremely hot as well. We're still in the early innings of this ballgame, with many more deals to be done. And as we move forward, we'll continue to be prudent about making sure each new agreement is incremental to the overall revenue picture. Retransmission fees and reverse compensation for our affiliates are also factoring more and more into our results. It's important to point out that we continue to do deal after deal at very good terms without incident. This is not to say we will never have a dispute that goes public, but across the industry, the marketplace is working and the few cases making all the noise are rare exceptions. We will continue negotiating with distributors to realize the full value of our content and are confident there is significant upside ahead in doing so. Each new deal means increased fees. So from the CBS Television Network to syndication, to streaming, to retrans and reverse compensation, we continue to increase the ways we get paid for our CBS content at every step of the way. In addition to our Entertainment programming, big-event sports broadcasts are increasingly valuable as well. You're seeing this now with the Olympics. And next year, we anticipate having the largest television audience of the year, maybe of all time, when CBS broadcasts Super Bowl XLVII in February. We have already sold more than 80% of our advertising in the game, which is well ahead of where we were at this point 3 years ago, and the spots are selling at terrific prices. Plus, we are looking forward to the unusual circumstances -- circumstance of broadcasting 3 huge events in prime time early next year. The AFC Championship game, the Super Bowl and the Grammys will all be broadcast on CBS in one 4-week period during the first quarter and will provide a powerful kickstart to 2013. Meanwhile, we continue to make steady progress at CBS News. In fact, every single one of our news programming -- programs is growing, proving that eyeballs will follow quality programming. Just last week, the CBS Evening News with Scott Pelley averaged nearly 0.5 million more viewers compared to the same week last year, and it remains the only network evening newscast to be up year-over-year. CBS News also received 43 Emmy nominations last month, more than double our nearest competitor. At our Cable Networks segment, Showtime continues to lead the way as we post stellar results quarter after quarter. The strength of our original programming is driving increases in rates and subscribers, which is now approaching the 22 million mark. Next month, we'd be premiering the highly anticipated second season of Homeland which recently received the most Emmy nominations of any new show, and also Dexter, which remains our top-rated series. In addition, we'll be debuting 2 exciting new dramas, Ray Donovan and Masters Of Sex early next year. We have ownership in both of those shows, and going forward, we will be increasing the Showtime content that we own whenever we can. Turning to Publishing. Simon & Schuster continues to release some of the top-selling titles in the industry both in traditional and more and more in e-book formats. Already this year, we've had 185 New York Times best sellers, with 22 of our titles making it to #1. At our TV Stations, we continue to do very well in prime time. We're enjoying great success in our local newscast as well. Ratings in our biggest 3 markets were up considerably during the May sweeps and all but one of our stations finished either first or second in late news across all of the O&Os. Clearly, the local programming in our O&Os are working, and it's yet another key reason why we are able to achieve the growing retrans fees that we talked about earlier. Meanwhile, we expect political spending to accelerate throughout the third quarter into the fourth and right up to election day with record-breaking numbers. In addition, the automotive category continues to show very strong increases especially from the Japanese manufacturers which have once again begun spending at healthy levels, and we're seeing good growth in travel and leisure as well. At our radio stations, we remain focused on the formats that are performing best, especially news and sports. We're particularly excited about the upcoming launch of our new CBS Sports Radio network, which right out of the gate, when we debut in January, will be the largest major-market sports radio network in the nation, with outlets in 9 of the top 10 markets. This 24/7 network of sports radio stations will feature both national and local content and leverage the resources of CBS Sports, our CBS Sports Network, cable channel and content from our existing local sports radio stations. Speaking of sports, at Outdoor, the London Olympics are boosting our ad sales in the third quarter. We love to hear about all the people who are caught in large traffic jams and riding the tube as they look at our advertising. Meanwhile, here in the U.S., our billboards and display business continues to perform well too. And around the globe, in the U.K., Italy and domestically as well, we continue to benefit from our more profitable renegotiated Outdoor contracts all the time. Across our businesses, you can see why we're pleased with our results and excited about our future. We've been telling you for some time now that the steps we've taken to change our business model would have a big impact on our bottom line. And as you can see, once again, they are. And the good news is we will continue to reap the benefits of these changes for many years to come. Remember as well that all of this is being accomplished in a macroeconomic environment that has been slow to recover. The fact that we have such good positive visibility into our future is why we announced last week that we've expanded the value we are returning to shareholders. And even with the larger buyback program and the increased dividend, we still have headroom due to our very healthy levels of free cash flow. Our confidence in the future is also why we believe we will achieve record results for the full year 2012. Looking ahead, given our success in the upfront, the Super Bowl on CBS, on our own station; several hits ready to be sold into syndication; retrans, reverse comp and international all growing rapidly; and new entrants coming our way in online distribution, we expect 2013 to be even better. And we are very optimistic about our long-term prospects beyond that as well. Thank you. And now I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Thanks, Les, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'm going to provide some more details about our second quarter results. I'll also give you an update on our recent financing activity and on our increased capital return announcement, then I'll conclude with what we see for -- ahead for the back half of 2012 and 2013. Let's start with the second quarter results. As Les highlighted, we delivered record profits in the second quarter, the best single quarter since we became a standalone company in 2006. We clearly benefited from the ownership of premium content and our ability to monetize it in both traditional and emerging platforms. This is a strategy that we've previously laid out for you. As you just heard, revenue for the second quarter totaled $3.5 billion, and the comparison versus prior year was impacted by the 2 noteworthy items Les mentioned. The semifinal games of the NCAA Final Four occurred in the first quarter of this year and in the second quarter of last year. And last year, we made many of our library titles first available for streaming during the second quarter, whereas an even larger availability was made during the first quarter of this year. Combined, these 2 items accounted for the entire difference in revenue between this year's quarter and last. OIBDA came in at a record $901 million, up 3%. And our OIBDA margin expanded 2 percentage points to an all-time high of 26%, again demonstrating the benefit of these growing new revenue streams derived from our premium content, as well as our ability to control costs. Operating income increased 5% in the second quarter to a record $769 million, and our operating income margin also improved 2 percentage points to 22%. And EPS hit an all-time high of $0.65, up 12%, further demonstrating the strong operating leverage in the business. Because of the timing of the 2 items that affected comparability in the second quarter, looking at our year-to-date results gives you an even better picture of our underlying performance. Through the first half of 2012, total revenue grew 4% to a record $7.4 billion and we had growth in every one of our key types of revenue. Advertising grew 1%, affiliate and subscription fees grew 8% and content licensing and distribution grew 13%. Non-advertising revenue accounted for 39% of our total revenue during the first half of 2012, up from 36% a year ago. This mix will be affected a bit during the second half of this year as political advertising and the London Olympics bolster ad sales. But in the long term, we expect non-advertising revenues, which include retrans, reverse compensation, cable affiliate fees, digital streaming and global syndication, to outpace total revenue growth and make up a bigger portion of the revenue pie. Also on a year-to-date basis, OIBDA grew 16%, operating income grew 20% and EPS increased 37% to a record $1.19 per share. Let's turn to our operating segments. Due to the timing of the 2 items we just mentioned, Entertainment revenue was $1.7 billion, down 7%. The same 2 items accounted for virtually all of this delta. Underlying advertising revenue at the CBS Television Network was comparable to the prior year. Second quarter Entertainment OIBDA of $426 million was down just 3%, again as a result of the 2 noncomparable items. But because of our more profitable mix of revenue, our Entertainment OIBDA margin expanded 100 basis points to 25%. In our Cable Networks segment, revenue for the quarter was $446 million, up 8%, driven by increases in rates and subscribers, as well as growth in digital streaming revenue, again a benefit of increased ownership of content. Cable OIBDA was also up 8% to $190 million driven by revenue growth and the timing of certain expenses -- and certain programming and advertising expenses that we discussed during last quarter's call. On a more meaningful year-to-date basis, cable revenue was up 11% and OIBDA was up 21% and our cable OIBDA margin expanded 3 percentage points to 44%. Turning to Publishing. Second quarter revenue of $189 million was up 3%. Sales of our more profitable digital books grew 44% and represented more than 20% of Publishing revenue. OIBDA of $9 million was affected by the proposed settlement of the e-book litigation. As we progress in putting this issue behind us, we look forward to the continued growth in the profitability of this business as it shifts towards a more efficient distribution platform. Local Broadcasting revenue of $704 million was up 2%. TV Station revenue was up 6% and Radio revenue was down 2%. The Radio revenue comparison was affected by the sale of the West Palm Beach radio cluster, which closed on April 1. Radio revenue for our top 10 markets was flat for the quarter. Local Broadcasting OIBDA of $248 million was up 8%. And the OIBDA margin grew 2 percentage points to 35% driven by growth in high-margin revenue and lower programming costs. And finally, Outdoor revenue for the quarter was $481 million, down 2% on a reported basis as a result of the negative impact of -- on -- on foreign exchange rates. On a constant-dollar basis, revenue was up 1% for the segment, with the U.S. up 5% and Europe up 1%. Outdoor OIBDA of $93 million increased 8% in the second quarter as we continue to benefit from our improved operating efficiencies and the elimination or renegotiation of unfavorable contracts. Turning to cash flow and our balance sheet. For the quarter, free cash flow came in at $558 million, and year-to-date, free cash flow was $1.2 billion. We continue to convert our profits into cash flow at a very efficient ratio because our businesses are not capital intensive. We ended the quarter with cash on hand of $1.9 billion, which included approximately $900 million of proceeds from our debt issuance in the second quarter. We then used that $900 million after the quarter end to reduce debt. We said during our last call we will continue to reduce our interest expense and bring our interest cost more in line with current rates. In June, we opportunistically refinanced $900 million of higher-rate notes with 2 new tranches of lower-rate debt, reducing annualized interest expense by about $30 million a year. Along with our first quarter refinancing, we have reduced our annualized interest expense by more than $50 million a year, and you will begin to see the full benefit of these actions later this year and into 2013. As Les said, we also continued to use our excess cash to return value to shareholders. During the second quarter, we retired 9.4 million shares of our stock for $301 million. Since this repurchase program began in 2011, we have repurchased nearly $1.7 billion worth of stock to date, retiring over 63 million shares at an average price of just over $26 per share. Consistent with our commitment of returning value to shareholders, last week, which I'm sure you saw, we announced an increase to our quarterly dividend rate by 20% and we upped our share repurchase program to $4.7 billion, giving us $3 billion remaining now on the program. We expect to complete this program over the next 10 quarters, which would take us to the end of 2014 and represent an acceleration from our previous pace. We are able to put this plan in place now because of the benefits of the ongoing transformation of our business model and the confidence and visibility we have in our cash flow, going forward. Now let me give you a few observations of what we see ahead for the rest of the year, starting with Local Broadcasting. We are seeing accelerating trends across the segment. Local Broadcasting revenue is pacing to be up high single digits for the third quarter, led by our TV Stations which are pacing to be up in the teens driven by political, auto and the Entertainment categories. Our Local Broadcasting segment is set to benefit from strong tailwinds over the coming quarters, starting with political in the third and fourth quarters and then the Super Bowl in Q1 of next year. Outdoor is pacing to be up high single digits for the third quarter on a constant-dollar basis, benefiting from strong Olympic-related ad sales in London as well as continued growth in the U.S. For Q3, Europe is leading the way and is pacing to be up in the teens. At the CBS Television Network, we are poised for a great start to the new season in late September when our new upfront pricing takes effect. As you know, we're always looking ahead, so I'd like to highlight a few things we know about 2013. To start the year, we're set to benefit from the biggest prime time television event of the year, Super Bowl XLVII, and the pricing we are getting for these spots is record-breaking. We also know we will have a strong year of revenue in content licensing and distribution. At least 2 of our hit CBS shows will be going into first cycle syndication in 2013: NCIS: Los Angeles and The Good Wife. In addition, at Showtime, we are building our library of content. Just to give you a sense of the magnitude of what we will have available in the future for syndication: We will have 168 episodes of Dexter and Californication alone by the end of the 2013 season. Also, we continue to see upside to our streaming revenue, and we have the ability to extend and expand certain existing deals. We also know that we will see continued growth in retrans and reverse compensation revenue as we cycle through renewals on existing agreements. In fact, between now and the end of 2013, about 50% of our deals that cover our owned and operated stations will expire and we expect to adjust those deals to higher current market rates. Also in 2013, we expect reverse compensation to cross the $100 million mark. In addition, we will continue to see benefits to our bottom line through lower interest expense, lower D&A expense and lower shares outstanding. In summary, our second quarter results illustrate the solid progress we've made towards de-risking our business model and driving growth in new high-margin revenue. And we've done this while containing our cost structure, resulting in record profits in OIBDA, operating income and EPS that you're seeing today. There's a lot more upside still to come as we continue to execute on this strategy. For all the reasons you've heard today, we believe we are set up for an even better year in 2013. And with that, Jason, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] And we'll go first to Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I'll ask my question and follow-up all in one shot just for [indiscernible] purposes. Les, a couple of years ago when you did the Netflix deal, I think you said you sold about 7% of your library. And everyone, I think, has a better sense for what online video looks like now. I'm sure you guys feel like you've got a handle on sort of what's the right content to put in that -- on that platform, how to price it. What do you think the renewal looks like just from a big picture perspective? Do you think you'll increase the amount of content on there? Would you change sort of the kind of shows you put into the deal? And do you expect -- or do you just expect simply just to renew sort of the current offering but at higher prices? And then my follow-up is just on international. I remember a couple of years ago, you did Hawaii Five-0. You screened that internationally to a lot of successful demand overseas and then it proved to be a domestic hit that led to syndication, which is now coming up. Do you look at any of the shows that you have coming in this fall? You mentioned Elementary and Vegas as being things that you think would be potential domestic syndication hits. I know that sounds like we're talking about 2015 here, but Five-0 got bought real quick. I think it was 5 episodes then or something, so I thought I'd ask.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, regarding -- let me deal with your 2 questions, Ben. Regarding, obviously, the Netflix deal, the renewal is already preordained per se. And you're right, we have a better idea, although the information is somewhat limited and somewhat preliminary on which shows are working and which aren't. And as you can imagine, some are working better than others. It's good to have the Star Trek franchise, I think that's something that works exceedingly well. And some of the others don't work as well. And I think, frankly, with Netflix, our relationship is so good, we will be adding titles such as CSI: Miami, which just came off our schedule. And we are working with them about increasing some and decreasing others. And the overall bottom line will be, we will get more money for this and we will have better visibility onto which shows will go into those packages. Regarding the second question, obviously, we -- as stated, we have great international sales already on the shows. We own a number of them. It's hard to tell what's going to come out big. Elementary is very strong. Vegas is very strong. Obviously, a couple of shows on CW. In addition, some of the shows on Showtime, as well, potentially can do that. Elementary and Vegas are positioned. They're both -- one's 10:00 Tuesday and one's 10:00 Thursday. They're in very good position to launch very strongly. Whether there's a marketplace -- I mean, it's quite unusual to sell a show after 5 episodes, but we're fairly certain with the modicum of success which we're expecting with both those shows that we'll get a very good domestic sale fairly quickly as well.
Operator: We'll go next to Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My first question is on -- also on international. Les, you mentioned that you're increasing your footprint. And I was just hoping that either you or Joe could tell us a little bit more about the Chellomedia deal, how we should think about that opportunity. And what percentage is international now of total revenue?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Jessica, it's Joe. International is about 15% of total revenue right now. And obviously, again, that's all international, so that does include our Outdoor business. I think we've said on just exporting content we've crossed over the $1 billion mark in just in sheer -- just U.S. dollars.
Leslie Moonves: Yes. And the Chellomedia deal is -- it's actually fairly simple. We already have the model worked out that we've done with them in the U.K. where we have 4 channels with them where our content acted as our equity. And once again, it's content that wouldn't necessarily have been sold anywhere else. And it's worked out extremely well. So because of that deal, we've expanded into 83 new channels. Once again, we haven't put up a dime, we're putting up library content and some existing content that wouldn't be sold into territories such as Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa. And we own 30% of these 83 channels that they previously owned. So there's only upside for us in this. And as I said, if they work out as well as the other 4 did, it'll turn out to be a very good venture.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And the second question is on retrans. I know you said in the past that you'll do at least $250 million this year. DirecTV said in their call that you guys are wrapping up your negotiations, so you should have a good sense of how much you're going to get paid. Could you give us any sense of how fast this number will grow? And when do you think that reverse comp really kicks in?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Well, Jessica, it's Joe. Well, reverse comp, we just gave you a number, I think, for 2013. And I will tell you, we're in the very early innings, just because the deals don't expire. Most of the deals for us expire kind of in the 2014-2015 cycle. So what I will also add is some TV affiliates want to comp early, so we are seeing that happen. So that's a good fact -- pattern. And yes, obviously -- when we enter into the deal with DirecTV, it will be a benefit to us albeit a small portion of 2012 but a big full year for 2013. So we also laid out that, again, we expect this to grow pretty rapidly. So you can see the size of these revenue streams, they're starting to really get some size.
Leslie Moonves: And the $250 million is a little bit conservative.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Morris with Davenport.
Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Two other questions on retransmission, of course. A popular topic. But the first one is just kind of mechanical. If you look at your content -- not content, but subscription and affiliate revenue that you report for the entire company, it still isn't seeing the ramp or the magnitude I would have expected, to kind of hit that 250 number this year. Can you talk about what the back half of the year looks like? Is this -- how steep is the ramp kind of on a quarterly basis as we work through 2012? And then I have a follow-up.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. I won't get too much specific, but it does ramp, Michael, because deals kick in and start in the middle of the year, in the third quarter. So we're going to be getting those pricing benefits as those deals start. So we do have to cycle through it. So, on an annualized basis, clearly, Q1 will be the lowest and Q4 will be the highest. So I think you're going to continue to see that momentum build.
Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: So -- and when we think about -- we try to figure out 2013, of course, 4Q, which will be significantly higher than 1Q, just based on what you reported, that represents the run rate that you're looking at going into 2013. Is that correct?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. And, look -- like I said, but the run rate should, and as Les just alluded to, be higher than the $250 million.
Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then my second question is a bit more open-ended but in light of the Aereo situation and kind of the failure of the broadcasters getting injunction there, certainly, the question comes up a lot more frequently with respect to the risk to the retransmission revenue stream over time. So it is a bit open-ended, but I'm hoping you can speak just a bit about how you're looking at that. Obviously, Comcast struck a long-term deal with you; they value it. Other distributors talk about maybe trying to avoid their programming cost increases. I'm just interested in your thoughts, if you hear so much from them?
Leslie Moonves: Yes. Well, number one, it does not affect any negotiations we have. It is hardly even brought up. And I don't -- we're very confident that our legal position's going to prevail. It hasn't affected us in terms of one sub, one deal, one anything. The minor loss we had served in the court was really -- it's not even the first out of the first inning, basically. We're sure we're going to prevail. Throughout history, our content has always gotten paid for, so the people who have cried, "Oh, my god, this could hurt retransmission," are really exaggerating greatly. We -- it's not something I leave -- lose sleep over for even 5 minutes. We think it'll go away. We think we'll prevail in the courts. We will always get paid for our content.
Operator: We'll take our next question from David Bank with RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Guys, two questions. The first is, can you give us a sense of the order of magnitude that you could see revenue contribution from the new Sports Radio network? And on the cost, I just want to make sure I understand that -- I would think there's really no incremental cost to the content, right? This is your own -- basically your own stuff that you're essentially syndicating. And the second question is -- your op-ed syndication team has really sort of spoiled us for a while here giving us the lead time on the sales of the -- of some of your high-profile deals, as referenced before. But I think Good Wife, while we're all sort of expecting a syndication, I don't think the deal's been inked yet. So could you give us a sense of what you think the timing around that could be?
Leslie Moonves: Yes, go ahead.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. Sure. David, I'll start with the first one. The CBS Radio network, the sports radio -- the Radio Sports business is probably $150 million market. So we're going to be large coming right out of the gate so it's all incremental. It's not in dollars we play in today at the local segment, so we expect to gain our fair share of that. And you're right, there's very little incremental cost for us. We -- a lot of the talent and the content, we're already producing, so this made a whole lot of sense for us. And with the outlook with Cumulus, we do think it is a fantastic partnership with great content and great distribution. So we do expect some upside, again, starting in 2013.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, and we -- I mean, we have so many great sports properties and announcers and on-air personalities, so it's great way to cross-market CBS Sports, the Cable Network, what we already have on Radio. So you'll be seeing a lot of our already existing talent going on, on the sport -- on the Radio network. And as Joe said, incrementally, it's going to cost us very, very little, and there is a real upside to growing the business. And syndication, Good Wife?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. In Good Wife, you're right in that. Good Wife is not sold, which is not unusual. I think the unusual was the NCIS: Los Angeles which was sold very early. So we will be in the marketplace with that product. Obviously, it's a quality show and there's great demand for that, so stay tuned.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Nathanson with Nomura.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I have a couple for Joe. Joe, just help me with the math on this for a second. On Entertainment, you had about an 8% step-down on expenses. What drove most of that decline in expenses? Is that tied to the syndication sales from last year?
Joseph R. Ianniello: The expenses, I would say, Michael, is sports, the timing of the NCAA. The shift that we've talked about in the revenue, obviously, that is a lower-margin profit for us, so that shifts into the first quarter. That's probably one of the bigger drivers.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay, and do you have any change -- are you still assuming the same kind of expense growth for that Entertainment segment for the whole year, low single digits? Or is there anything to...
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, I would say, once you normalize all the noise and you just look at the way we manage cost at the Entertainment segment, I think we've said and we're committed to low single digits. We're able to manage our cost structure there.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And the last one will be on the broadcast update on your network. You said it was relative -- it was close to flat, but are you taking out NCAA in both quarters? Is that how you're looking at it?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. Yes, that's normalized.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay, normalized.
Operator: We'll go next to David Miller with Caris & Company.
David W. Miller - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: I think you guys have said in the past that 2013 will be a very strong year for syndication. Joe, you obviously mentioned the 4 shows that are going to be hitting that cycle, the syndication cycle in 2013. As it applies to both domestic and international syndication in 2013, Joe, would you say it's going to be more of a first-half-weighted story and a little weaker in the second half? Or would you say that, that piece of business is going to be fairly smooth for you guys as we go throughout the -- all 4 quarters in 2013?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, I would say it's probably actually second. And just to be clear is, we do have 4 shows. But 2 of them, we said, very likely for 2013. Blue Bloods and Hawaii Five-0 are set for the following year. We'll be -- we do have flexibility in the timing of some of those deals, but we're committed to 2 shows certainly going. I would say, David, though, the back half of the year. Generally, those happen in Q3 for domestic season -- as the new season starts. That's not to say it can't happen earlier, but generally speaking, I would think that -- I would point you to the back half.
Operator: We'll go next to Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So I'm going to do the same. I'm going to ask a question and I'll also give you my unrelated follow-up right away. Les, if I heard you correctly, you teased us with a comment that would -- that you'd update us soon with new digital offerings, so any more clarity on that would be helpful. Is this just offering the same off-the-air window to new entrants? Is this changing the windows, or expanding rights? And then separately, also for Les, just given your experience, I was hoping you could talk about what you're seeing in the scatter marketplace. Is the 500 basis points or so slowdown that peers are seeing in 3Q ad growth normal relative to the Olympics impact? Is there anything -- any underlying softness in the scatter market that we should be concerned about?
Leslie Moonves: In -- Doug, in terms of the new deals, it's the combination thereof. Obviously, there are certain international markets that are opening up for streaming in addition to expansion of existing deals, and some potential new players as well. So it's coming from all sorts of places. And there's a lot of activity, put it that way. In terms of scatter market, once again, in August, we don't worry about the scatter market especially in a Olympic year and especially an Olympics that's doing this well. And we've just sold such a great percentage of our inventory 6 weeks ago pretty upfront. We're ready for the gun to go off in the middle of September. The -- in terms of any softness, I think it's all attributable to the Olympics and it's something that is totally fine, totally business as usual. We're really pleased with the increase in the pacing of local. And in terms of the scatter for national, it is a non-issue.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: When do you feel like you'll have visibility on the fourth quarter or the new season? Does that sort of come in September when those off-scatter deals are done that you have confidence in what it's going to look like?
Leslie Moonves: Yes, around then. Around then. That sounds about right. When we speak to you next, we'll know.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly, sorry, but so the off-air window that you currently use for online digital, that's what we should expect to continue, right?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes.
Operator: We'll go next to John Janedis with UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Les, you touched on the streaming. You guys -- you've taken CSI off the air. Can you remind us of the timing of the put provision there? And then separately, obviously, one of your peers announced a spin to create shareholder value a few weeks back. There's some speculation over time about your Outdoor business and the potential sale there. Do you see any value creation from a spin of the Outdoor and Publishing assets if a buyer doesn't emerge?
Leslie Moonves: In terms of Outdoor, we have always said we're not actively in the market to sell it. A couple people asked to look at it, and we said okay, with the right offer. And they talked about it openly. So in addressing the question to the street, we said, "Look, we are very pleased with how it's performing. It's growing rapidly. It's growing from where it was 3 years ago every successive year. If somebody came along with the right price, we would have to take a serious look at it." But there's -- so there's going to be no need for us to say anything, in that we're happy operating it. We really are. And the CSI deal?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, John, on CSI, it will be the third quarter.
Operator: We'll go next to Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just following up on your comments on the strength of the Outdoor business in Europe in the third quarter around the Olympics. Any sense how long those contracts are? Just trying to get a sense of how long that market may be a bit tightened. And then, another local question, it's just on the good growth you're seeing in local TV. Do you have any sense there about of how much is sort of core growth versus the political benefit?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Alexia, it's Joe. On the Outdoor, yes, what we usually try to do is extend the Olympic season, if you will. Meaning, push it beyond it and pull it some forward, so I think there will be...
Leslie Moonves: I think [indiscernible] would like to extend the Olympic season as well.
Joseph R. Ianniello: So I think you'll see some of that carry into the fourth quarter. Then it will obviously trend down. But on the TV side, I mean, just a couple of categories. Our largest category is auto and auto is extremely strong. So although political comes and goes and stuff, but with the auto category strong, that's a real good fact pattern for our Local Broadcasting segment.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Anthony DiClemente with Barclays.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: One for Joe and one for Les. Joe, on the free cash flow trends, you pointed out in the release that there's higher spend on content and higher income tax payments impacting free cash flow. I'm trying to figure out, is that just timing quarter-to-quarter? Is that sequential? Will that smooth out over the course of the year? Or is that -- are those more sustainable, will those have an impact over the course of the full year?
Joseph R. Ianniello: I think, again, in the timing, Anthony, for cash taxes is -- is you've got to remember we made a pension contribution last year on July 1, so we were able to lower cash taxes last year. So clearly, we didn't do that this year, so that's the change in the taxes. And on the programming side, some piece of it is timing but some piece of it is obviously also incremental investment in ownership of the -- of our premium content in the shows that Les talked about at the studio, and that will obviously pay off in the future.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then one for Les. You -- I'm sure -- you may have seen that Apple TV added Hulu onto its platform this week. I'm just wondering, when you think about Apple, are you in any way philosophically opposed to offering CBS on the Apple TV platform? And I know I -- just from prior experience, I'm sure your answer will have something to do with getting paid for your content. But more specifically, is there anything you need to see or specifically anything you need to get in order to be convinced that that's a smart strategy for CBS?
Leslie Moonves: Look, Anthony, you've -- we've had this discussion many times before. You're right, it depends what the terms are, it depends what we get paid for. It depends on what effect Apple TV would have on either our advertising, our syndication or our retrans, which are our 3 main buckets of revenue for our content. So if it sits in well, like Netflix did and Amazon did, we're happy to discuss it. If it doesn't and we're -- they're using our content to build a business, we're not quite as favorable to that. So the devil is in the details. I know it sounds like a pat answer, but it's really true.
Operator: We'll go next to William Bird with Lazard.
William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: I was wondering if you could just talk about Radio and your thoughts in the business. Clearly, a lot of secular activity going on. Is it something that you might consider as non-core at some point?
Leslie Moonves: We really love the Radio business. We really do. Look, it provides plenty of free cash, which helps us increase our dividend and buy back shares. And it's -- we like the changes in the format. It's a creative business. And once again, we're very pleased with the results. We're changing our format, as I mentioned, to more news and sports. And it's performing very nicely, and we think, with some of the new digital offerings, it'll continue to grow. So I would not absolutely say that it's not a -- a non-core asset.
William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: And just a follow-on. Joe, what was the diluted share base at quarter end and pro forma for the debt deals, what's your cash balance now?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Well, we had $1.9 billion. And I said that we picked -- took about $900 million, so I'd say I'd estimate that bill at about $1 billion. And the weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis for Q2 was 661 million.
William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: How about at quarter end?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Obviously, less than that because that's the weighted average over the time. So they're going to continue to trend down. I think you can just assume, as we buy it at -- you can put -- stick in the stock price, the shares will continue to come down as we spend the $3 billion remaining on our program.
Operator: We'll take our final question from Marci Ryvicker at Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Two questions. First, on the Americas Outdoor, Joe, can you just reconcile the plus 2% constant dollar revenue growth in the press release with the plus 5% that you mentioned? Is the difference the Toronto contracts?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Primarily. Obviously, South America and Canada, Marci. And obviously, the loss of the contract contributed negatively.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then for the third quarter, we know Europe is pacing high teens. How is the rest of international and how is the Americas pacing, specifically the U.S.?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Well, we gave you total. We said high teens for the whole business, and we told you Europe in the teens. So therefore, I think, by math, the Americas have to be kind of mid single digits.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then last question. There's been a lot of M&A in the TV business, some pretty robust multiples. Any thoughts about pruning additional stations?
Leslie Moonves: We've always said we're a big-market television company, and we have a few stations outside of the top 15. So if the right offer came along, once again, we would absolutely look at it.
Adam Townsend: And this concludes today's call. Thank you, everyone, for joining us. Have a great evening.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-01 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President of Investor Relations Sumner M. Redstone - Founder and Executive Chairman Leslie Moonves - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Laura Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division David W. Miller - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CBS Corporation First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead.
Adam Townsend: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter 2012 earnings call. Joining me for today's discussion are Sumner Redstone, our Executive Chairman; Leslie Moonves, President and CEO; and Joe Ianniello, Executive Vice President and CFO. Sumner will have opening remarks, and we'll turn the call over to Les and Joe, who will discuss the strategic and financial results. We will then open the call up to questions. Please note that statements on this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's news releases and Securities filings. A webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can be found on the Investors section of our website at cbscorporation.com. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found in our earnings release or also on our website. And with that, it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Sumner.
Sumner M. Redstone: Thank you, Adam. Good afternoon, everyone. I thank you all for being with us today. CBS' performance this quarter was nothing short of amazing. The numbers prove we are operating for our vision of incredible strength, and the momentum keeps building and building and building. We have world-class content that people want to see, and we are delivering it in a way they want to see it. And because our content is so good, it commands a premium on every platform. Our content is the best, actually. As we look ahead, I know we have the right strategy in place to propel CBS even beyond where it is today. I know this because we have a management team that proves me right quarter after quarter after quarter. None of this immense success would be possible without this management team.  As you know, the executive in charge of this great management team is Les Moonves, CBS' President and CEO. So it gives me tremendous pleasure to turn this call over to my good friend, Les, a man I figuratively and appropriately call a genius, so he can tell you more about our terrific results. Les, the ball is in your court.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you very much, Sumner. Good afternoon, everybody, and thank you for joining us once again. We told you during our last call that this quarter would be a terrific start to the year. And as you can see from the numbers today, it is. In fact, since we became a stand-alone corporation, we posted record first quarter results in 5 key financial metrics: Revenue was up 12%; OIBDA, up 34%; operating income, up 47%; net income, up 80%; and EPS of $0.54 was up 86%. As you can see, each category had healthy double-digit increases and our best ever for a first quarter. We are on a tremendous run, one that we will be very confident will also produce a record 2012 and an extraordinary 2013. We have many reasons to be confident. Our core business is solid. Advertising dollars are growing, and that will only get better in the second half of the year when political spending ramps up. We also have a number of hit shows ready to be sold into domestic syndication over the next 2 years, and international syndication continues to be a dynamic story.  And as you know, one of the most powerful developments in our business model is the growth of steady and recurring non-advertising revenue, which is increasingly paying off. Syndication, retrans and online streaming are having a huge impact on our numbers and are not directly tied to the economy. All told, 39% of our total revenue in the first quarter came from non-advertising sources. Many of these revenue sources did not even exist just a few short years ago. As we continue to transform our business model, you'll see that number rise even higher. None of this would be possible without premium content. Across the company, we have industry-leading programming in every business in which we compete, and it's getting more valuable by the day. Today, I'm going to walk you through our first quarter numbers, then I'll give you some highlights about our segments before I turn it over to Joe. After that, we'll be happy to take your questions. As I said, this is our best first quarter ever in terms of revenue, OIBDA, operating income, net income and EPS. Revenue came in at $3.9 billion. That's up more than $400 million from last year. We turned that revenue gain into a 34% increase in OIBDA, which reached $773 million. Our operating income grew 47% to $642 million, and our net income rose to 80% to $363 million. Finally, EPS came in at $0.54, up 86% from the first quarter in 2011. During the quarter, we also refinanced $700 million of debt at very attractive rates. You'll hear more about how this will enhance our financial future from Joe shortly.  Meanwhile, our first quarter free cash flow came in at $607 million, and we continue to use the majority of our excess cash to return capital to shareholders. In the first quarter, we repurchased $269 million of our stock, putting us well on our way to reaching our target of $1 billion in share buybacks this year, along with our recurring dividend as well. Moving forward, using our excess cash to return capital to our shareholders will remain a top priority for CBS. Thanks to the performance of every one of our businesses, we continue to generate healthy levels of free cash flow.  Let's take a look at these business segments now starting with the largest, Entertainment. The CBS Television Network is about to finish as the #1 network for the ninth time in 10 years. Not only that, but we are poised to win the season by the widest -- margin since the modern rating systems began 25 years ago. 80% of the top 20 scripted programs are on CBS. We're drawing 18-year olds and 80-year olds. And significantly, year-to-year, we have growth in all key ratings categories, including viewers 25 to 54 and 18 to 49.  Looking ahead, we are extremely confident our success will continue into next season. In 2 weeks, we will unveil our new fall lineup, which will have the unique advantage of being one from a platform that virtually ensures success. With 18 shows already renewed, the competition to get on to our schedule is extremely strong, meaning that we will be much more selective than our competitors will have to be. So as we head into an improving upfront marketplace, we feel very good about our future, both creatively and financially.  Meanwhile, I'm pleased that the wheels are in motion to launch a whole new era of success at CBS News. Our flagship broadcast, the CBS Evening News with Scott Pelley, is averaging 1 million viewers a week more than last year, and this is the only network evening news to be up year-over-year. The crown jewel of CBS News, 60 Minutes, continues its dominance. We lost a true legend in the history of broadcast journalism when Mike Wallace passed away last month. As a testament to his enduring legacy, our tribute broadcast to him was a top 10 show for the week, and we followed it up with a top 10 performance last week, too.  Plus, in the lucrative weekday morning time slots, the newly revamped CBS' Morning continues to post year-to-year increases as well. CBS Sports also had a terrific year. Our coverage of the NFL playoffs was the highest in decades, and the NCAA Men's Basketball Championship was up 5% over the last year, the best since 2005. Plus, we had a very exciting Masters playoffs a few weeks ago when Bubba Watson won his first green jacket. Looking ahead, the NFL schedule that was recently released gives us a large number of high-profile AFC and NFC matchups in our key O&O markets. And we now have Peyton Manning in Denver and Tim Tebow in New York, which will be a big plus for us as well. Of course, we also have the Super Bowl to look forward to in the first quarter of 2013. Clearly, in entertainment, news and sports, our network programming is at the top of its game. And as I mentioned, our ability to syndicate our content continues to have a profound effect on our results. In the next 2 years, 4 of our biggest shows will be coming up for domestic syndication: Hawaii Five-O, NCIS: Los Angeles, The Good Wife and Blue Bloods. This is just the first cycle of syndication for these shows. They will later be sold in the second cycle and then all the new cycles that are coming our way. We begin this process that we call the content value chain every single year when we launch our new schedule. And each time we do, we create new programming assets that can generate revenue for decades. As I've said before, content is forever, and quality content never goes out of style. Nowhere is this more evident than the way we monetize our content digitally. In addition to the deals we've struck with Netflix and Amazon, other online video distributors are looking to license our library contents. And in some cases, where it makes sense, like at the CW, we're also licensing newer content. Today, these deals are having a big impact on our financial results, adding meaningful, very high margin dollars to our bottom line. At CBS Films, we're also creating new content to be monetized throughout our company. During the quarter, we had great success with The Woman in Black, which grossed more than $54 million and was profitable from its opening weekend. Going forward, the film will have an exclusive window on Showtime, and then will be sold elsewhere for a longer-term benefit as well. This is precisely the kind of model we will pursue as we grow this small business. Moving to our cable segment, our original programming continues to produce strong financial results with growth in rates, subscribers and licensing fees. And like all of our businesses, this segment is also benefiting from new technology. Half of the nearly $60 million revenue increase in Cable Networks this quarter came from digital streaming. Showtime is at the center of that success, and it had another outstanding quarter with a 6% increase in subscribers. House of Lies has become our top-rated comedy, and Shameless delivered its highest rated episode ever in the first quarter. In July, we will premiere season 2 of The Franchise featuring the Miami Marlins and Ozzie Guillen who have been generating lots of excitement lately. In Publishing, Simon & Schuster continues to produce bestseller after bestseller. We had 7 new #1 titles since the start of the year, including Kill Shot by Vince Flynn and Lone Wolf by Jodi Picoult, and last year's biggest hit, the Steve Jobs biography and Stephen King's 11/22/63 have remained solidly on the bestseller list as well and continue to contribute to our results. Digital e-books continue to grow at a rapid pace, up 64% over last year's first quarter, now representing 26% of Publishing's total revenues. Once again, the growth in digital is a positive development for us because e-books have better margins than the traditional print business. Over at Local Broadcasting, automotive advertising continues to improve, and retail is beginning to take off as well. We expect the second half of this year to receive a significant boost from political advertising as the general election heats up. At our TV stations, we're having great success in the ratings. Every one of our CBS-owned stations ranked #1 in viewers in prime time during the most recent sweeps. Plus, we recently closed on our acquisition of WLNY, giving us a duopoly in New York where we already have the country's most-watched TV station in prime time with WCBS-TV. And CBS Radio remains at the top of the charts in both ratings and revenue with new success stories popping up all the time. We have been particularly focused on widening our lead in news and sports by introducing these formats to the FM dial. We have the #1 news station in each of the nation's top 4 markets. And across the country, the sports format continues to do very well for us overall. In fact, revenue at our sports stations was up nearly 10% for quarter year-over-year. Meanwhile, our Outdoor segment continues to benefit from more profitable contracts, especially in the Americas where the U.S. billboard and display business has shown particular strength. And internationally, we're looking forward to a significant lift as we approach the London Olympics later this year. Across this business, more profitable digital signage opportunities continue to present themselves both here and abroad. As you can see, throughout CBS, we're extremely pleased with our first quarter. We broke records in 5 key financial metrics for the quarter, and I'm confident we will break records for the year as well. We've been transforming this company into a content-driven, higher-growth business for several years now. And the good news is that all the strategic actions we've taken to do this are coming together as evidenced by today's numbers.  Newly established growth drivers like retrans, online video distribution and international expansion have created steady, recurring revenue streams that fall right to our bottom line. And we have negotiated long-term profitable deals for our Kent Pearl [ph] programming, events like the NFL, the NCAA Basketball Tournament, SEC Football, the PGA Tour, the Grammys and the Academy of Country Music Awards, all of which will benefit us for at least a decade under their new contracts. These developments, along with ongoing cost containment and a very strong balance sheet, have laid the foundation for us to continue to generate the kind of results you see today. In addition, we're looking forward to our local stations benefiting from political spending in the third and fourth quarter. We're readying some of CBS' biggest hits to be sold in syndication in the next 2 years, and we're extremely eager to sell our new fall lineup in the upfront marketplace in just a few weeks. We lead the upfront last year. We guarantee we will lead it again this year, both in value and in CPMs.  I think you can see why we're so excited about what we have said will be a record year in 2012 and a very lucrative 2013. We've told you that the opportunities before us were enormous, and clearly, this first quarter shows that they are. It's a great time to be an investor in CBS, and we're poised for a long, long run. And with that, I will turn it over to Joe.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Thanks, Les, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'm going to provide some more details about our first quarter results and then, I'll discuss what we see for the rest of 2012 and touch on 2013. Let's start with the first quarter results. As you've seen and heard today, we are committed to growing our non-advertising revenue streams and maximizing the monetization of our content. This shift towards more stable, high-margin revenue drove our earnings growth this quarter, and we expect it will continue to enhance our earnings well into the future. As Les said, revenue of $3.9 billion was up 12% for the quarter. The growth was broad-based with increases in all 3 major revenue streams. Content licensing and distribution grew 39% because of the incremental revenue from our streaming deals, as well as the ongoing strength of our international and domestic syndication sales. Affiliate and subscription fees were up 7%, driven by growth from our Cable Networks as well as higher retrans fees. In total, advertising was up 5%, which I'll talk more about later. OIBDA of $773 million rose 34%, as nearly 50% of our revenue growth flowed through to OIBDA, increasing our OIBDA margin from 16% last year to 20% this year, which is double what it was just 2 years ago. Operating income of $642 million was up 47%, and our operating income margin also expanded 400 basis points. These results also benefited from our continued focus on cost controls. EPS came in at $0.54, up 86%. This includes a noncash, after-tax impairment charge of $14 million for the sale of our West Palm Beach radio cluster, which we announced last month and is consistent with our plan to focus on large markets. EPS also includes a $16 million after-tax gain on the early extinguishment of debt. These 2 items offset one another, having no net impact to our reported EPS. Let's turn to our operating segments. Entertainment revenue for the quarter was $2.3 billion, up 16%. The growth in this segment was once again driven by strong content monetization from licensing revenue and higher ad sales for our premium programming. Network advertising was up 8%. The underlying ad sales growth was up 4%, with the other 4% driven by the timing of the Final Four. OIBDA of $411 million for this segment was up 53%, and the OIBDA margin expanded 5 percentage points to 18%.  Cable Networks' revenue came in at $452 million to up 15%. This segment is also benefiting from our new digital streaming opportunities and international syndication deals from our owned content. In addition, we continue to generate strong subscriber growth with Showtime subs now solidly over 21 million. Cable OIBDA of $209 million increased 37%, driven by the revenue increase and the timing of programming expenses. In Publishing, revenue of $176 million for the quarter was up 14%. As Les said, e-books continues to be a bigger portion of our business and are contributing to our higher OIBDA, as well as expanding our publishing margins.  Local Broadcasting revenue was steady at $622 million compared to last year. TV station revenue was up 2% while radio revenue was down 2%. During the quarter, local sales outpaced national sales at our stations. This development underscores the strength of the rebound of small businesses. This is an encouraging sign because the improvement of local businesses can be a leading indicator of a sustained economic recovery. Also, as you know, political will be a significant contributor in the back half of 2012. OIBDA before the radio sale impairment charge I just discussed was $171 million, up 1%. Outdoor revenue of $416 million for the quarter was also up 1%, and on a constant dollar basis, it grew 2%. The Americas continue to lead the way, up 4% over last year, including a 6% increase in the U.S., our largest market. Outdoor OIBDA of $53 million was up 8%. Turning to cash flow and our balance sheet. We told you on our last call that we would look to refinance debt to reduce our interest costs to be more in line with current market rates. During the first quarter, we issued a new $700 million 10-year note with a coupon of 3.375%, the lowest rate ever issued for a similar-rated media company. We took those proceeds and paid off $700 million worth of notes that had a coupon of 6.75%. The result is a savings of $22 million a year in annual interest expense, a benefit you will begin to see in Q2. In the months ahead, we will look to opportunistically tap the credit markets again for further savings on interest costs.  For the quarter, free cash flow came in at $607 million, and we ended the quarter with $794 million of cash on hand. Also, during the first quarter, we spent $269 million to retire 9 million shares of our stock at an average price of $30 per share. We have $1.7 billion remaining on our current stock buyback program, and we're committed to aggressively returning this capital to our shareholders and completing this program by the end of next year. Now let me give you a few observations of what we see ahead. Local Broadcasting is pacing to be up low-single digits for Q2, again, with political ramping up in the second half of the year. Our Outdoor group is also pacing to be up low-single digits in the second quarter as we head into the London Olympics, which will largely benefit Q3.  Also, we are heading into a healthy upfront marketplace in a couple of weeks. During our call in February, we talked about 3 financial drivers to our EPS. I already brought you up-to-date on 2 of them, our share buyback program and our refinancing efforts. The third, depreciation and amortization expense is beginning to trend down with our CapEx spending, and that should continue well beyond 2012. For the quarter, depreciation and amortization expense was lower by $8 million compared to last year. Now I'd like to talk briefly about our visibility into 2013. Here is what we know so far. On the advertising side, the strength of this year's upfront will set the stage for 2013. And given our competitive position, we're poised to do very well. In addition, we have Super Bowl XLVII in Q1 of next year, which will also benefit our local stations. Couple this with it being our turn to broadcast the AFC Championship game in prime time and the Grammys coming this Sunday after the Super Bowl, and you're looking at 3 major prime time events within a 4-week time period in Q1.  Plus, our non-advertising revenue streams are expected to increase in 2013. We have the first of 2 options to extend one of our major streaming arrangements, as well as the benefit of new retrans deals that will take effect next year. To top it off, we will have 176 episodes of premium content from 4 seasons of 2 of our hit shows: NCIS: Los Angeles and The Good Wife, available for first cycle syndication in 2013. Later seasons of these shows, plus Hawaii Five-O and Blue Bloods, are also in our future pipeline. And as Les said, we're only talking first cycle syndication, which means these shows will be contributing to our bottom line for many years. All of the actions we've taken, both strategically and financially, will continue to transform CBS.  In summary, we're very pleased with our first quarter results. This was a record quarter setting us up for a record year. And that momentum will continue into 2013 and beyond.  And with that, Jason, we can now open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Les, can I ask you first about the ad market? I think in the fourth quarter, you guys were sort of flattish at the network on ad sales. And if you strip out the NCAA timing, I think you said 4% growth in March. And you had taken some -- a little bit of criticism around -- about the upfront last year and sort of waiting for -- some of the May goods to kick in. I'm wondering if you could just talk about what happened this quarter? Why we saw the acceleration? Did you sort of better monetized your ratings because there's some issues with your competitors? Is this a market improvement? Anything around those -- scatter premiums, any of those details would be very helpful.
Leslie Moonves: I think it's a little bit of everything. Obviously, our ratings have been fairly significant and fairly dominant. In addition, the marketplace clearly has gotten a lot stronger in the first quarter than it was in the fourth quarter. And as we head towards the upfront and scatter becomes a little bit less important, although scatter still double-digits, I think everybody is preparing right now for the upfront. And we're airing a terrific position because the advertisers have come back in a very strong way. We're getting a lot of early indications. As I said, our schedule is fairly secure and that we've announced 18 pickups, and there's another one that's almost done, which would be a 19th. And so the advertisers -- it's a lot better to plan for a schedule on CBS than anybody else. And we're feeling a lot of strength in the ad market.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And just to follow up on the international front. Maybe, Joe, you mentioned international syndication a couple of times. This is a big topic at your investor day, I think, it was a year ago plus. Can you just give us a sense for what kind of price increases you typically see and you expect to see this year? There's obviously a lot of investor concern about Europe that you could help us think about how important Europe is versus other regions in the international syndication business. Just to help us think about the drivers in the summer and as we move into the fall. That will be helpful.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Sure. Look, I think it's the demand, right, is what's really driving it. It's in obviously more countries as well as the more established countries, it's more competitive. So clearly, that's allowing us to have pricing leverage in those negotiations. So -- but I think the strong demand is really what's driving that, Ben.
Operator: We'll go next to Jessica Reif-Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Two questions, if I can? Given the success you've had or enjoying right now in content, do you have any thoughts about or plans of -- for producing for other entities outside of CBS? Basically, do you have capacity to scale up and would you?
Leslie Moonves: Yes. We, right now, are producing one show for USA. We have another pilot right now in the works for Turner. And CBS also has a pilot for Showtime, which is internal. So with the pipeline into CBS and into CW, we are now expanding, and we are looking to do that. And we're in pretty good shape, and we do have the capacity to do that.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then just a question on Showtime. Maybe the strength -- the growth in subs has been really surprising given everybody else's performance. Where do you think penetration can wind up? Or how much more growth do you think is ahead?
Leslie Moonves: Well, HBO is 27 and 28, and they were 27 about 5 years ago when we were 13. So we've added 8 million and there's no reason we can't add some more going forward. I mean, clearly, people are responding to our original programming in a big, big way, and it's not surprising to us that our subscribers are increasing.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Morris with Davenport.
Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions on cable and then a follow-up. The payments for the Showtime content, digital was pretty strong this quarter. Can you talk a little bit about what the pipeline looks like there? It feels a little less transparent or maybe a little less talked about than the CBS pipeline. So as first, any insight on the Showtime content pipeline? And then also, I mean it's almost 100% margin revenue growth at the cable segment this quarter, can you talk about the cost side? I think you mentioned timing of programming costs and maybe you can give us an insight on that for the rest of the year? Then I have a follow-up.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Sure, Michael, it's Joe. Look, I think part of the strategy with Showtime was only more of the original series, and you're seeing the benefit of that. Clearly, we're selling those domestically as part of our new streaming deals as well as internationally. House of Lies, again, is another good example of one that's kind of coming that, again, we owned. So again, it's just another example of these ancillary revenue streams that as you're seeing, are pretty significant, very high margin contributing to that strategic action. So, yes, we definitely -- the margin of Showtime from the first quarter grew significantly. There will be timing of the way we expense things in terms of premieres, et cetera. So we will have a little bit of that. But again, it's a very strong flow-through of the revenue that's really driving it. And I think, as Les said in his remarks, about half of the 15% growth came from these digital opportunities, but the other half is coming from our base business.
Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Was the first quarter growth in the streaming, is that your biggest quarter for the year? Or do you have any sense of what the pipeline looks like for the balance of the year?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. Well, look, we're having these conversations all the time with people who want to get into the business and extend their deals. So from -- yes, from the deals that we have currently under contract, yes. But again, like I said, that's changing all the time. And there's a lot of interest and demand for more and more of these deals. So we're constantly talking to people. So I don't know...
Leslie Moonves: Yes, I don't know if we said that this was the highest quarter for that. We really don't know. The other quarters are looking potentially even bigger than that.
Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then, over in the affiliate and subscription fee side, the growth was $29 million this quarter year-over-year. Can you help us break that down a little bit? Because it seems like it's a little lower than I would've expected given the retransmission outlook that you've given and sort of that split of 50-50 in terms of the revenue growth at cable. What -- can you give us more details and maybe help us understand how that will trend this year?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, if you're just looking about -- again, if you look at the segments, Michael, just remember when we record retrans half in local broadcasting and half in entertainment. So you just have to be careful when you're looking at the actual dollar amounts. I think, again, as we've said, retrans, it's $250 million this year. We're clearly on track for that. We obviously see some upside to that, and we're renegotiating all these deals all the time. So we continue to think it's going to be a strong part of our earnings growth.
Leslie Moonves: And a lot of the affiliate deals, as we said, weren't up, aren't up until next year. So you'll see a rapid rise there in the 50-50 types of deals with our affiliates.
Operator: We'll go next to Laura Martin with Needham.
Laura Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Just following up on Jessica's question about producing for other platforms. A lot of us were at the digital upfront last week, and there's a lot of really interesting digital original programming coming onto the Internet. I'm just wondering, Les, is this something you guys are doing now or is it something you guys might expand into? I know Warner's got 20 new shows on the air, and AOL is paying them for their pilots for a 60-day exclusive. Is that something that you guys are pursuing now or might going forward?
Leslie Moonves: Yes. I mean, we have a lot of premium content that is not scripted fictional content. We do have some laboratories, and we are experimenting with that to make it a good financial model. Obviously, along with Warner Bros, I think we're at the top of the line in terms of producing great fictional content. And it's something we want to do more down the line. We haven't yet see the model that makes it financially worthwhile to do it in a big way, but we do have a lot of smaller experiments going on.
Laura Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then silos on local, I thought that interest -- it was a great point you made about local being more robust than national. What are the major silos that are driving the strong local ad growth in the first quarter?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Laura, this is Joe. We saw that from auto as well as retail. Those are probably the 2 strongest categories, which are our top 4 categories for us.
Leslie Moonves: Yes. The fact that auto is back is huge -- it's hugely significant for our local businesses. So we applaud what's happening in Detroit and throughout the world in the auto segment.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And they're obviously very -- there are much healthier companies now, even the small businesses, I think, are all kind of recapitalized. And again, it's just a good underlying point just to make for the strength of the local economies.
Operator: We'll go next to Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And I'll also going to ask a question, a completely unrelated follow-up. Les, when you think about the upfront strategy -- you're upfront strategy, and think about how the December quarter ended up with disappointing scatter volumes for everyone in the marketplace, does that influence you at all to bump up your upfront sellout this go-around?
Leslie Moonves: No, not really. Not really. Overall scatter is still good. And once again, I know people think I sound cocky about our schedule, but we do feel very good about it going there. And if we don't get our right pricing, we are not going to sell. Our intent going in is to sell close to 80%, but only at the right pricing, otherwise, I'm more than happy to hold out. And the fact that the market wasn't as strong as we would've liked as it has been in the fourth quarter, bears -- it doesn't make us change that, whatsoever.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And a question for Joe on the balance sheet. Since you've been letting debt leverage drift lower last year and this year a bit. Looking down the road, can you outline how your philosophy in the balance sheet might evolve given the profits for the company are increasingly being sourced from non-advertising, less cyclical revenue streams? So in other words, that would adjust the company over time could bear -- safely bear higher leverage rather than lower leverage. So any thoughts on how your balance sheet philosophy might evolve that could be helpful.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Sure, Doug. Look, we're very happy with our balance sheet. Obviously, we've changed the complexion of it tremendously over the last couple of years. Our priority right now is focusing of returning capital to shareholders. And clearly, as we gain more visibility into our cash flows, and as you said, there are more -- much more and more of them are committed to everyday, gives us a lot of confidence in looking at our return of capital policy. I think just last year, we doubled our dividend as well as doubled our share buyback program. So again, we're looking at that all the time. We're committed. And its our major priority to look to increase that over time.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: How should investors think about that? Should they think about that as something you review annually and so 2013 would be the next time we'd see a major change? Or this is an annualized...
Joseph R. Ianniello: Daily. Daily, we talk about it.
Operator: We'll go next to David Bank with RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I will try and keep it to one here, guys. Les, you've done a great job sort of explaining how the monetization of the content, particularly on the existing platforms, digital and traditional, are driving earnings. The existing digital platforms are -- and I don't want to say they're maturing, but what I would say is everybody's starting to realize they're for real, they're recurring. And so the next leg of growth will probably come -- the next real big leg probably comes from the next bunch of entrants into the platform. And can you talk about the level of activity that you're seeing and you're discussing with the Xfinity Streams and the Fios Coinstars and the Intel virtual MVP -- what is the -- how real is that, and how much discussion is going on, and can you quantify the opportunity in some way?
Leslie Moonves: Yes. No, it's a very good question. And once again, as Joe mentioned, we have the right to extend our opportunity with Netflix, and that we will continue for many years at our option. And we are in active conversations with many of the other participants from the Intels of the world to some of the existing companies like Comcast and their service. What's great about all this is we're literally talking to everyone who's out there. And when you have the library and the existing content that we do across all these platforms, mostly entertainment but also some news and sports content, there's opportunities galore out there. So when we first did Netflix, everybody said, "Oh, do you see anybody else out there?" And sure enough, Amazon came along and made a big deal. There are a lot of players out there circling the building. And we will be making some of those deals over the next number of months.
Operator: We'll go next to David Miller with Caris & Company.
David W. Miller - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: One question for you, Joe, you had mentioned depreciation expenses trending down in line with your CapEx levels. I believe you mentioned that 90-days ago and you said so again in your prepared remarks earlier in the session here. And obviously it gives you a lot more operating leverage on the P&L, but I think it's still been consensus estimates. I mean, do you see this kind of leveling off as we get into Q4 and into Q1 of next year? Or do you see the trend down kind of continuing the way it has been quarter-over-quarter as we get into the meat of 2013?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Sure, David. Look, we definitely see the trends coming down. I mean, obviously, you can just look at the size of the numbers. Our D&A is -- on a run-rate basis, is $540 million, and our CapEx is somewhere between 250 and 300. Right? So you can see that, that's going to converge over time. It's just depreciation is a multi-year type of expense, noncash. But -- so if this benefit continues -- so it doesn't kind of end in Q1 or 2013. This is going to continue for several years until those 2 lines kind of converge. But again, it is causing operating leverage to EPS.
Operator: We'll go next to John Janedis with UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Les, you obviously mentioned the opportunities of the lower, on the SVOD front. But to Dave's point earlier, there really hasn't been that much new in terms of new entrants. Are the buyers -- or maybe the potential buyers taking a wait-and-see approach based on what kind of subscriber growth we'd see in Netflix or Amazon? And is the bias towards exclusive deals going forward?
Leslie Moonves: Number one there is obviously more information available from the Netflix and the Amazons about what shows are being watched. And once again, in that bundle, there's some very good news. There are certain of our shows that are watched by a ton of people, the Star Trek franchise for instance is that, and that becomes very concerted. Look, we have a nonexclusive deal with Netflix, a nonexclusive with Amazon. The newer deals will continue on that basis. And I don't know if they're taking a wait-and-see. I think they're figuring out different models. And as we said over and over again, once again, they need our content. They need our content no matter what it is. So they're looking at it in different ways and sometimes in the same way. So it's going to be an exciting period of time.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And as a follow-up then, Les, should we assume that your bias is still towards the guaranteed deals rather than user space?
Leslie Moonves: Yes, that's for sure. That's for sure.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Nathanson with Nomura.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I have one for Les and one for Joe. Les, you mentioned that there are 19 shows any day now have been renewed. Can we look at your schedule for the next year? How do you balance your desire to own more of your own content with your continual focus on driving ratings? So how do you blend that? And then comedy is an area we've outsourced to Warner Bros. to a great degree. At what point do you start taking more of that inside at CBS Productions?
Leslie Moonves: For us, priority number one is to get ratings. That's the biggest bucket that we have, keeping our network #1, keeping it healthy. Ownership becomes a second priority. That's the second bucket, owning the syndication. Yes, we have more dramas that we own. Number one, we have twice as many dramas on our schedule right now as comedies. And frankly, the dramas now, with the international marketplace and more importantly, the domestic marketplace, now exploding with drama. And international continuing almost becomes a better -- and not almost, is a better value proposition for us than the comedies. In addition, very few of the comedies, if they score, they score big. All dramas pretty much score big internationally. So that's a better marketplace. That's not to say we wouldn't like to expand our presence in comedy. It's something that we will look to do over the next couple of years. But we are primarily a drama place and that's worked out just fine for us.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And then one for Joe, you mentioned that -- your digital deals for Showtime. What shows were they? I'd assume those were shows that we're canceled, right? So what shows came up to market this year?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Those we're like the Sleeper Cells of the world, those type of shows there. What's the other one, Dexter is not...
Leslie Moonves: The earlier seasons of Dexter were there as well. And...
Joseph R. Ianniello: Tudors.
Leslie Moonves: Right, The Tudors, exactly is off the air.
Joseph R. Ianniello: That's what -- in the first quarter, Michael.
Operator: We'll go next to William Bird with Lazard Capital Markets.
William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Where is the market currently clearing for retrans? And separately, if exercised, how much could your Netflix option increment revenues in 2013?
Leslie Moonves: The Netflix deal should be a slight increase, I believe, in past deals. And also, the significant thing about that to be remembered is if we take off a hit show that we own, which there's a good chance of happening, that automatically goes into the new Netflix deal. So there'll be an automatic big bump in terms of that. And the retrans question, Joe, do you want to take that?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Look, the retrans question, look, I think is what we've said the 250. We broke down the math on investor day at 250, that equated to $0.50 per sub by just math. I think, obviously, we're seeing significantly higher than that, so that's just going to continue. So every negotiation is a little bit different, but the good news is, I think, we were conservative.
Operator: We'll go next to Anthony DiClemente with Barclays.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I have one quick one for Joe and then one for Les. Joe, what exactly was the local -- what did local TV advertising do in the quarter? I know that the overall segment was up 2%. What was advertising?
Joseph R. Ianniello: On the local side, you're saying? Local...
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes. CBS Television Stations' advertising revenue in the quarter.
Leslie Moonves: In all TV stations.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Of all TV is plus 2%, and local outpaced that probably mid-single digits.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: No, but doesn't that plus 2 include retrans?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, but in retrans, remember, it's very small, Anthony. Because, again, it's only 50%. It's only the delta. So that plus 2% still rounds to a plus 2% with or without.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. All right, so you can't give us what advertising did?
Joseph R. Ianniello: It's a 2%, Anthony. So it's not something the numbers did different. Right?
Leslie Moonves: Right.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. All right. One for Les. I think you guys have a big uptick in NFL rights season 2014. If I'm not mistaken, I think it's $300 million or $400 million. And Les, if I know you guys, I know you wouldn't have done that deal unless you knew you could cover the cost of it. So maybe you could just talk about your path to profitability on an incremental basis on that deal?
Leslie Moonves: Number one, it's not -- the increase is not quite as high as you said -- it. And the numbers starts -- remember, it's a deal that lasts for a long time that starts a little bit above what we're paying now and expands as our advertising expands. As you said, it will be profitable from season one in the new deal. So it is a very good deal. It's a very fair deal. And as well as there is some extra rights that are involved in it, plus we will be getting better games because we have the NFC. We have 7 NFC games from the bigger market teams that will -- should increase our ratings. So it's a slow, gradual increase in the fees. And once again, advertising and retrans and all those things will more than make it very profitable deal.
Operator: We'll go last to Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I have 2 somewhat unrelated questions. The first, Joe, can you just give us a little more color on pacings? For Outdoor, can you break out domestic versus international? And for Broadcast, radio versus television? And then my second question is on Hulu, Les, any thoughts about joining them if it becomes an authentication model?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Okay, Marci, I'll start. The pacing again for Local Broadcasting, I think, TV is slightly ahead of Radio right now as we sit here. Like I said, it's a pace, so it changes kind of from week to week, but as a segment, clearly, as I said, is low-single digits. On Outdoor, again, I don't think it's a surprise that the Americas have clearly -- outpacing Europe. So that's how it's getting to -- again, also that low-single digits. And again, we always give our pacing on a constant dollar basis. So that's really the color.
Leslie Moonves: And regarding Hulu, we'll take a look at it on under the authentication model. Right now, we're very pleased with our digital strategy without Hulu. We're doing extremely well being nonexclusive with the Netflix and the Amazon and more importantly our CBS.com sites, which we keep 100%, hundred cents on the dollar. When it comes out, and we will, of course, have a conversation with them. On the CW side, we're doing business with Hulu Plus right now. So we're -- we do talk to them. But right now, we're very happy with our strategy.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Joe, can I just clarify the Americas outdoor. Would say it's accelerated or decelerated or the same?
Joseph R. Ianniello: For Q1?
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes.
Joseph R. Ianniello: I'd say steady. Remember, the Americas was up 4%. So I'd say steady.
Adam Townsend: And this concludes today's call. Thank you, everyone, for joining us, and have a great evening.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-15 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President of Investor Relations Sumner M. Redstone - Founder and Executive Chairman Leslie Moonves - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Laura Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Michael A. Meltz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division David W. Miller - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CBS Corporation Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'll turn the call over to the Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead, sir.
Adam Townsend: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2011 earnings conference call. Joining me for today's conference are Sumner Redstone, our Executive Chairman; Leslie Moonves, President and CEO; and Joe Ianniello, Executive Vice President and CFO. Sumner will have opening remarks, and we'll turn over the call to Les and Joe, who will discuss the strategic and financial results. We will then open the call up to questions. Please note that during today's conference call, the fourth quarter and full year 2011 financial results and prior year comparisons, with the exception of revenue, will be discussed on an adjusted basis, unless otherwise specified. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found on our earnings release or on our website. In addition, statements on this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's news releases and Securities filings. A webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can be found on the Investors section of our website at cbscorporation.com. And with that, it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Sumner.
Sumner M. Redstone: Thank you, Adam. Good afternoon, everyone. I thank all of you for being with us today. I am more than pleased that CBS had such a tremendous year once again in 2011. And as you will all hear, momentum continues to build and build. Our world-class content continues to be the cornerstone of our success. We have the #1 television network. We have the top TV and radio stations in the big market. We have Showtime and all its critically acclaimed programs. We have Simon & Schuster and all its best-sellers. We have Outdoor in all the right places. Every one of these assets is becoming more and more valuable than ever in new digital area. I am confident we have the right strategy in place to help us grow this company year after year after year in the future. And the reason for that is we have a first-class management team that knows how to make such things happen. And that starts at the top with none other than my very good friend and colleague, Les Moonves. But let me tell you, as you know, I have often called Les a genius. Les' unparalleled success in operating CBS is indeed the work of a genius. And now I will formally turn this over to my friend, my colleague and the man I call a genius, and he is, Les Moonves.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you, Sumner, very much for that overly kind introduction. Good afternoon, everybody, and thank you for once again joining us.  The fourth quarter numbers we're reporting today capped off a terrific and much better-than-expected 2011 for the CBS Corporation. Quarterly EPS came in at $0.57, up 24%, and we posted full year EPS of $1.94. That was a record for our company and up 75% over 2010. Quarterly OIBDA was also very strong, up 9%. And for the year, OIBDA was up $753 million to $3.1 billion, up 32%. We did this in a year when the overall economy faced lots of uncertainty. And as you know, the S&P was flat. It is very encouraging that we were able to be so successful in this kind of environment. Clearly, our ongoing strategy of de-risking and diversifying our businesses is paying off and it's only getting better. As we sit here today nearly 7 weeks into the new year, I'm truly excited about what we're seeing. The first quarter alone is looking to be extremely strong, leading to an extraordinary '12. For a number of reasons, I'm confident this will be an even better year than the last, and one in which we are poised to break records in financial metrics across-the-board.  Here's why: First, the ways we get paid for our content continue to grow and become more profitable, improving the quality of our earnings. From broadcast to streaming, from retrans to reverse comp, from international to local, we have an increasingly number of diverse revenue sources that expand margins and drive earnings.  Next, in a content-driven industry, our program is leading the pack better than ever. This is led by the CBS Television Network, which just completed the first half of its broadcast seasons in one of the best competitive positions in the history of television. At the halfway mark, we were #1 network in every key measurable demographic. The distance between CBS and our closest competitor was the biggest it's been in 24 years, and we continue to reload.  And third, as you've heard from our peers, we are seeing clear signs that the economy is improving. We're seeing this on a national level where scatter pricing is up mid-teens over upfront, and we're seeing it in our local businesses where pacing is up without even counting political and where auto advertising, the #1 category in local, is up an impressive high single digits. So as you can imagine, we're very pleased with the state of our company, and even more pleased with what we see ahead.  Today, I'm going to walk you through some of our financial and operational highlights for the fourth quarter and full year. And then I'm going to spend a little time highlighting why our company is in fundamentally better place than we were just a few short years ago. Then I'll turn it over to Joe for his remarks, and we'll take your questions. Let's start with the financials where, as I said, we posted very strong fourth quarter EPS of $0.57, up 24%, and where we posted record full year EPS of $1.94, up 75%. Fourth quarter OIBDA came in at $837 million, up 9%. And during the quarter, our margin expanded 2 percentage points to 22%. As I also mentioned, full year OIBDA was $3.1 billion, up 32%. And for the year, new, more profitable content deals helped our margins grow 5 percentage points to 22%. These new content deals that are driving our margins are long term, meaning we will see these kinds of benefits for years to come. Revenue grew for the year and was down a bit for the quarter due to our significant CSI syndication sale a year ago as well as last year's large political advertising sale in the fourth quarter. Without these 2 non-comparable items, revenue would also have been up for the quarter. Of course, our businesses continue to throw off a lot of cash as well, even making a voluntary pension contribution of $410 million. 2011 free cash flow was up from 2010, reaching $1.5 billion.  Meanwhile, our focus remains on using our cash to return value to our shareholders. During the year, we repurchased more than $1 billion of stock, and we doubled our dividend. We will continue buying back stock as part of our ongoing $3 billion program, repurchasing at least $1 billion per year. And as we take advantage of all the opportunities across our businesses, using our healthy free cash to return value to shareholders will continue to be the #1 priority for our company. Let's take a quick look at each of those businesses now starting with Entertainment. As I mentioned, the CBS Television Network had a phenomenal first half of the season. We had 14 of the top 20 programs, the most since people meter measurements began in 1987. We have the top 5 scripted series, the top 8 dramas and 6 of the 10 -- 6 of the 7 top comedies. We also have the #1 scripted series with NCIS, the #1 comedy with Two and a Half Men and the #1 new program with Person of Interest. In addition, the Big Bang Theory is now often beating a previously invincible talent show that happens to air on another network. Plus, we continue to have success across all demographics. Season-to-date, through this week, we are up year-over-year in every single key demographic. Once again, as we look ahead to next season, we have very few holes to fill. The development process is well underway, and our team is doing another terrific job. The bar will be very, very high to get on our schedule. Next fall, we anticipate presenting a lineup that will be even stronger than the one that is dominant right now. We are also keeping our expenses in check because we have few requirements for new programming.  We've also had tremendous success with ratings over at CBS Sports, led during the quarter by the NFL. In each of the 3 weeks we recently broadcast NFL playoff games, we brought in ratings we haven't seen in decades. As you know, we've extended our agreement with the NFL for another 9 years past the 2 that are remaining. The NFL has been a terrific partner, and this new deal will be profitable from day 1. With the new deal, we will add 7 high-quality NFC games to our schedule in addition to our AFC package. And remember, based on these last few years, the #1 show on television history will be broadcast next February when we air Super Bowl XLVII on CBS, where we're anticipating a potential $4 million a spot.  Our coverage of SEC football has also been very strong. We have the highest-rated college football package of any network this season. And during the quarter, our prime time coverage of the regular season, LSU-Alabama matchup, was the most watched college football game on any network since 2006. In the next couple of months, we're looking forward to broadcasting the recently renegotiated, and also profitable, Men's NCAA Basketball Tournament immediately followed, of course, by The Masters. Speaking of big-ticket television, the Grammys on Sunday night brought in 39.9 million viewers, the most since 1984 and second largest Grammys audience ever. This show's ratings have been coming in at significantly higher levels these past few years and, as they have, ad rates have spiked dramatically. Going forward, the Grammys are another tent-pole event that we have also locked up on good terms for the next decade. The growing interest in events like these, along with the steady success of our regular network programming, are the key drivers that allow us to keep growing our retrans and reverse compensation revenue.  Just last month, we reached a new agreement with DISH Network for CBS and Showtime. We are continually getting paid increasingly -- increasing value for our programming from both distributors and our affiliates.  Once again, just a few short years ago, retrans revenue was virtually nonexistent, and we were paying our affiliates to carry our programs. Now we are growing retrans at a very fast clip, and our affiliates are paying us as well. Both of these developments are progressing faster than even we anticipated in 2012. And we know that growth in retrans and reverse comp will accelerate significantly from here and, in the coming years, represent multiples of what we're realizing today. Plus, for the first time, international fees for our programming broke the $1 billion mark in 2011. Just like in retrans and reverse comp, this is a continuing opportunity that's doing very well for us and has lots of room to grow.  Our very innovative CBS Interactive division is performing extremely well, too. Not only is a stand-alone operation, but also in terms of working hand-in-hand with our traditional businesses in news, sports, music and entertainment.  For example, in addition to our historic ratings for the Grammys on Sunday night, CBS Interactive's GRAMMY Live iPad reached #1 on the iTunes chart, and social media mentions surrounding the event went from less than 1 million a year to 13 million this year. It is clear that this kind of second screen interest is achieved by broadcast television working hand-in-hand with Interactive better than anywhere else. And going forward, one of our primary goals will be to continue to exploit that opportunity. And finally, our Entertainment segment also includes CBS Films, which 1 1/2 weeks ago had a terrific opening with The Woman in Black. This film is already profitable and follows precisely the kind of model in terms of limited budget and low risk that we plan to continue as we nurture this small business. Moving to our Cable Networks segments. We ended the year with healthy increases in Showtime subscribers. This is the eighth consecutive year that we grew subscription at Showtime, which have now gone over the 21 million mark. Quality programming continues to drive this success.  Homeland won 2 Golden Globe awards, including the best drama show on television, and is considered right now by many to be the hottest show on television. Dexter just finished its sixth season with its best ratings ever. Last month's premiere of the second season of Shameless was up 61% over last year. And new shows, House of Lies and Inside Comedy, have opened strongly as well.  In Publishing, Simon & Schuster had the best-selling book of the quarter in Walter Isaacson's biography of Steve Jobs. We also had another massive best seller in Stephen King's 11/22/63. And King and Vince Flynn were recently our first 2 authors to go over the 1 million mark in terms of e-book sales.  Over at Local Broadcasting, we expect political advertising to be extremely robust. It is clear this is not going to be a very pleasant campaign. So while it may not be very much fun for the politician, it should be very good for us at CBS. Plus, even without political advertising, local is pacing ahead of a year ago. In all sorts of categories, we're seeing a healthier advertising market all the time, particularly in automotive, as I mentioned. At our TV stations, our ratings remain very strong. In prime time, we have the country's most watched TV station in WCBS channel 2 New York.  And we continue to have success with our radio programming as well. We've been updating you on the remarkable growth of our sports format station, and we're expanding our news footprint, too. We recently launched an all-new station in Washington, D.C. and it's quickly performed very well for us. The station now joins our roster of #1 news stations in New York, L.A., Chicago, San Francisco, Philadelphia, Boston and Detroit. At the same time, we continue to put a great emphasis on our local interactive content. Users of our CBS local media sites increased 43% last year, giving us the fastest growth in our entire peer group. Finally, our Outdoor business performed very well for the year and for the quarter. We have restructured many contracts and made them more profitable, which will benefit us for years to come. And we were very pleased with the settlement resolution that we reached with the London Underground. Right now, we're seeing particular strength at our American operations. But with the Olympics in London this year, we expect to see much better results internationally as well. Here and abroad, we also continue to roll out high marginal digital signage, where we'll get the biggest return for our investment. So as you can see, our operating segments are performing very well across-the-board. What I want to do now is tell you a few things about how we look at our business overall.  Three years ago, this company was receiving virtually $0 from retrans, $0 from our affiliates and $0 from streaming. And we were getting about 40% of what we are today in international sales of our programming. At the time, we said that in addition to growing our base business through blocking and tackling, these 4 areas were all key opportunities to grow non-advertising revenue, which would de-risk and diversify our businesses. Many people did not agree, but we were confident we would get it done. Today, all of these developments are real and they're meaningful. That's why our OIBDA was up $753 million last year. I'm confident the numbers from these areas, retrans, reverse comps, streaming and international, will grow every single year, and that's why 2012 and many years to come are positioned to be even better. Clearly, the world has changed, and it's going to continue changing in our favor. We have constant revenue streams that are just getting started to show in our results, and they will be there in good times and bad. We told you about this, retrans, reverse comps, streaming, international at our Investor Day just less than one year ago. And now, from everything we see, we're on pace to do even better than the impressive numbers we shared with you that day. Plus, our recent long-term deals with the NCAA, the NFL, the SEC, the Grammys and others will also boost our profits for many years to come. Add to this the prospects of an improving economy, including the impressive pacing figures we're seeing in the first quarter, and our results should only get better. So yes, we are very happy with our performance in 2011, but we're now entirely focused on surpassing those numbers in 2012 and taking advantage of every possibility to grow CBS for many years to come. With that, I will turn it over to my friend and colleague, Joe Ianniello.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Thanks, Les. Good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll give you some more detail on the results for the quarter and for the year, then I'm going to update you on what we're seeing in 2012. But first, let's start with 2011. We had a great year in 2011. We achieved our strong result despite some difficult comps and economic uncertainties. As you've seen and heard, the actions we've taken to implement our strategy of producing great content and receiving our fair share of recurring revenue is having a clear impact on our results. The best part is that we're still in the early innings of this multiyear growth story. Turning to the fourth quarter. OIBDA of $837 million rose 9% despite a 3% decline in revenue, which is attributable to the second cycle syndication sale of CSI and strong political advertising during 2010. These 2 items combined contributed more than 100% of the revenue decline. Affiliate and subscription fees were up 8% for the quarter, showing the steady growth in cable and retransmission consent fees.  Our OIBDA margin of 22% expanded 200 basis points. This increase was driven by the growth in high-margin revenue, including streaming deals, higher international syndication revenue and retrans fees as well as our efforts to control costs. Operating income of $701 million was up 11% for the quarter.  Also during the quarter, we took restructuring actions that resulted in a $46 million charge, which reduces our costs on a sustainable basis by more efficiently utilizing real estate that we own. We will realize the benefits of these actions in 2012 and beyond. Now let's quickly go through the full year results. For 2011, revenue was up 1% to $14.2 billion. This is despite lower revenue from our new, profitable NCAA arrangement that started in March 2011 and the absence of the 2010 Super Bowl on CBS. These 2 items alone affected our total revenue growth by 3 percentage points.  Content licensing and distribution revenue was up 6%. And affiliate and subscription fees were up 9%. These 2 increases speak to the improving stability in our business model, which is driven by the growing number of committed revenue streams that serve to de-risk our business.  For the year, OIBDA of $3.1 billion was up 32%. And as Les said, that's $753 million higher than 2010. And our margin grew 500 basis points to 22%. Operating income for the year was up 43% to $2.6 billion, and Les already mentioned our record EPS for the year. Now let's turn to our operating segments. Q4 Entertainment revenue of $2 billion was down 1%, again due to the CSI syndication sale in 2010. For the full year, revenue was up 1% to $7.5 billion, driven by our new digital streaming agreements, growth in underlying advertising revenue at the network and higher retrans fees.  During the quarter, OIBDA for the Entertainment segment was up 28% to $318 million. And for the year, OIBDA was up 60% to $1.4 billion due to the combination of revenue drivers I just discussed as well as lower programming costs. In our cable segment, revenue for the quarter was $395 million, up 7%. And for the year, it was $1.6 billion, up 10%. Our Cable Networks continue to see healthy increases in rates and subscribers. And we're getting more revenue from licensing our Showtime original series internationally and on new platforms.  Cable OIBDA of $175 million was up 4% for the quarter with a margin of 44%. These results were affected by the timing of promotional expenses related to the launch of 2 new shows, Homeland and House of Lies. For the full year 2011, OIBDA of $707 million was up 24%, also posting a solid margin of 44%. That's up from 39% in 2010. Publishing revenue was $229 million for the quarter and $787 million for the year. Both were down 1% as we continued the shift to more profitable e-books, which sell at lower price points but also with significantly lower costs. Digital revenue now represents approximately 17% of our overall Publishing revenue for the year.  Publishing OIBDA grew 40% to $28 million for the quarter and grew 28% to $92 million for the year, again reflecting the benefit of our transition to digital and lower bad debt expense. Strong OIBDA growth and operational efficiencies led to margins of 12% for both the quarter and the year.  Local Broadcasting revenue and OIBDA, both for the quarter and the year, were affected by the absence of significant political advertising. In addition, the NBA lockout affected our fourth quarter revenues, which were down 12%, and not having a Super Bowl also affected our annual results, which were down 3%. Underlying nonpolitical revenues at TV stations grew 1% in the quarter. We also continue to see growth across a broad base of advertising categories at this segment with automotive, financial and other professional services growing the fastest.  Local Broadcasting OIBDA was down $56 million for the quarter to $266 million, and down only $16 million for the year to $849 million. We expanded our Local Broadcasting OIBDA margin in 2011 by 100 basis points to 32%. This is the first time we grew our margin in a nonpolitical year in well over a decade. This was achieved through our continued cost containment measures and by increasing retrans fees, of which only about half are recorded at this segment. And finally, Outdoor revenue for the quarter was up 1% to $514 million. And for the year, it was up 4% to $1.9 billion. We posted gains despite the softness in the European economy as well as the non-renewal of some transit contracts.  The base business continues to grow with U.S. billboards leading the way. In Q4, pricing for our U.S. billboard business was up 2% on the same high occupancy levels. For the quarter, Outdoor EBITDA was up 30% to $131 million. And for the year, it was up 20% to $346 million, again helped by our more profitable contracts and the settlement of the London Underground legal matter. Turning to cash flow in our balance sheet. We had a use of cash of $44 million in the quarter due to a $200 million voluntary pension contribution. For the year, free cash flow came in at $1.5 billion, up 2% despite the absence of the Super Bowl and a more than $200 million increase to our discretionary pension funding. During the quarter, we spent $170 million on our share buyback program, retiring 7 million shares, reaching our target of $1 billion of shares repurchased in 2011. As a result, for the year, we bought back a little over 42 million shares at an average price of $24 per share. Our cash on hand at the end of 2011 was $660 million. Now let me tell you what we're seeing in 2012. As Les said, the momentum is building towards a record year. Scatter pricing at the network is up mid-teens on increased demand. In Local Broadcasting, we're seeing an acceleration from Q4 trends. Our non-political revenues are currently pacing to be up low single digits in Q1. And of course, political will build throughout the year, significantly benefiting our second half of the year, especially Q4. In addition, the automotive category is a great story. Domestic spending continues to be strong, and we're seeing a sizable rebound in Japanese spending as well. And in Outdoor, the first quarter is pacing to be up mid-single digits.  So the marketplace is steadily improving, making us optimistic about 2012 and our future. Plus, there are a few other factors that I'd like to point out that will also drive EPS going forward. First, we expect our CapEx spending to remain at current levels for the foreseeable future. However, when you look at our income statement, depreciation expense is still significantly higher than our capital needs. Over time, our depreciation expense will trend down in line with our CapEx levels, giving us more operating leverage on the P&L. In addition, all of our debt is fixed rate, and most of it was issued years ago at much higher interest rates. As we refinance our debt and bring down interest cost to current market rates, you will continue to see a notable benefit to the interest expense line. And finally, we will continue with our remaining $2 billion share repurchase program to meaningfully reduce shares outstanding. All of these factors will help strengthen our bottom line. So in summary, as you've heard today, we continue to make good on our commitment to produce high-quality programming, grow our non-advertising revenue streams and maximize the monetization of our content through new platforms. Plus, we are staying focused on controlling our costs. And as the general economy improves, we stand to benefit even more. So we're very excited about what the future holds, and we look forward to speaking with you on our next earnings call. With that, Jay, can we open the line up for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I have 2 questions, both about the Entertainment segment. Maybe starting on the cost side, Joe. If you look at the quarter and the year, expenses were down, I think, 5% to 7%. I know there's a lot of moving pieces in there, particularly around the studio and syndication. But I don't know if there's a way to isolate out the noise and help us think about going forward what you think the expense trends are, maybe particularly for the network and your schedule. I think everyone understands qualitatively the schedule's in a great place, but how does that translate on the cost line as you look into '12? And then related to that, Les, I think everyone has seen Q4 advertising trends across the sector. Scatter ones have been pretty light. You guys have a lot of ratings strength and particularly compared to some of your competitors who might have some make-goods. Are you able to benefit from that either in Q4 -- or were you able to in Q4 or do you think you can start to benefit from that in Q1 if volumes come back? Are you seeing them come back? Can you sort of talk about that strategy in the marketplace on the ad sell side.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, I'll -- let me go first. Number one, in terms of pacing, we have kept our scatter pricing up. But obviously, because of our ratings strength, we are commanding the bulk of the scatter market. There were some decisions on our part to push some of the scatters because we weren't getting the pricing that -- we weren't getting the demand at that pricing to push some of it into the first quarter. So once again, we're in a very, very strong position, and I think we're going to benefit it -- for it more in Q1 than we did in Q4.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And Ben, this is Joe. On the cost side, yes clearly, again, as total company, you can see operating costs down 7% for the quarter and for the full year. So as we look forward, we -- as we said, we're going to continue to obviously drive the top line, but we think we can control the costs, particularly in the Entertainment segment, kind of low single digits.
Leslie Moonves: Yes. And let me expand on that a little bit. Were only going to be doing 16 pilots this year. We've put on 5 new shows last season at the beginning of the year. We're probably going to have less than that now. Some of our competitors are doing over 30 pilots. So in certain instances, I would state that our development expenses are less by -- than some of our competitors by over $100 million. The ability to promote within our schedule -- I'm confident we're going be exceedingly strong next year and be able to keep our costs down and the trend continues.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And maybe if I could just squeeze a follow-up on the retrans side. Les, you talked about, I think, at least $250 million in 2012. I don't believe that includes reverse comp, but correct me if I'm wrong. Now that you've got this DISH deal done, and you've probably got some other reverse comp deals finished, any update to that number for 2012?
Leslie Moonves: All I can say is the $250 million number is low. You're right, it is a retrans number. It does not include reverse comp. More and more, the reverse comp deals are going to come up this year. So it is low, but we're not going to quantify exactly how low at this point. But it is a low number.
Operator: We'll go next to Jessica Reif-Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Jessica, it's Joe. Look, we think we -- usually, 12 to 18 months, we expect to get that return on our money. So it's $46 million. The charge is $46 million. So kind of 12 to 18 months as a general rule of thumb.
Leslie Moonves: You know what? They're talking about the number of $2 billion. That's the number I've seen thrown around. And generally speaking, we get 9% to 10%. That's generally the ballpark. So that's what we're looking at. Whether that number goes up or down, the $2 billion, I don't know. But what I'm especially pleased about is not only we taking a large share from our TV stations, but radio is now becoming a bigger player in that area as well. So we're looking forward to a lot of nastiness on both sides.
Leslie Moonves: Well, the good news is obviously, we already have deals with Netflix and Amazon. At the CW, we also added to that Hulu Plus, which we support Hulu Plus, not Hulu without the Plus, which is an SVOD. And there's a possibility that could happen there. And there are a lot of conversations due -- you know what? It's hard to predict where -- whether there'll be a major deal, but we're talking to an awful lot of people. I also want to remind you and everybody else, as soon as we pull a show from our schedule, that automatically goes into one of those deals. So we expect our numbers of our preexisting deals to go up. In addition, as you mentioned, there's a lot more international players in this getting involved, and so we're making more deals internationally as well.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And Jessica, it's Joe. I'd just add that just from the deals we've signed today, we're going to be receiving more revenue in 2012 than 2011.
Leslie Moonves: Right.
Joseph R. Ianniello: No, I think -- Jessica, it's Joe. Look, we look at that as a long-term strategy, so we don't really manage it day-to-day. It's just we said we're going to target $1 billion. We hit the $1 billion. We have $2 billion remaining, which right now, where our stock is, it's 10% of our market cap. So we're focused and committed to returning capital. And if you just look at our free cash flow for 2011 of $1.5 billion, between the buyback and the dividend, we've returned over 80% of our cash to our shareholders. So that remains our primary focus.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Morris of Davenport.
Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions on the television studio, the production side. It's definitely a great asset that you have and, arguably, still has a lot of runway ahead of it. So I guess my questions are a couple. Number one, when you look at the capacity to produce new content, where do you think you are with respect to your current production versus what -- where you could be? And if you think about what the opportunity is there, do -- how are you thinking about whether or not you need to buy another outlet to push the content through relative to what you currently have? And then also, with the -- some of these digital players now putting new, original content or looking to launch new, original shows, do you see yourself as potentially being a player in that space? Or is there more to think about with respect to that being another place that you could sell content?
Leslie Moonves: Yes, Michael, I'll put my answer into 3 different areas. Once again, having the studio is an extraordinary benefit to us when you -- we're able to produce a property like an NCIS. And as we look down the road, we have going into syndication, which we haven't accounted for yet, which will happen in '12 and '13 NCIS: L.A., Hawaii Five-O, Blue Bloods and The Good Wife. That's going be how many episodes, Joe, that go into syndication?
Joseph R. Ianniello: There'll be over 300 episodes we have in the can by 2013.
Leslie Moonves: By 2013. That will be going into syndication, and that will return to our studios since we own 100% of those shows. We are approximately producing around 20 shows, most for CBS and the CW. We're also doing a show for TNT. Right now, we have a pilot for USA. We still have more capacity. And when you look at the Netflixes of the world and the Amazons of the world doing new production, we welcome that. We are talking to Netflix about a potential deal to produce a show for them. Once again, we do not look at them. Until they are doing 22 hours a week of premium content, we don't look at them as a competitor but rather another place to put our content, whether it's original or buying our libraries as they have. So the good news is the production company is very strong and there's a lot more room to do more.
Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: So when you look at -- and we've discussed this in the past, but you look at potentially expanding your portfolio, if you will, I guess, specifically, buying cable networks beyond what you have with Showtime, is that a possibility? Or you think that given all these different places that currently exist that you could sell into, it's really not something that you need to consider?
Leslie Moonves: We don't -- with the valuation right now, what these cable networks are, and we're getting paid so much for our content through all these various platforms, we do not find any need to go out and purchase one of them. When you see that in NCIS, each one of them is going to make north of $1 billion profit, each one of those shows, that's a very good business for us to be in, and it's a better business than buying a cable network.
Operator: We'll go next to Laura Martin with Needham & Company.
Laura Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Two questions, one on international and one on TV Everywhere. On international, we have dried [ph] in Greece today, and I'm just wondering whether -- I know international is a key driver of your revenue. Talk to us about the content. Is there any risk there? Do you have long-term contracts? Do you get prepaid? Is some of this growth potentially at risk as we get more disruption in the European markets? And then on TV Everywhere, it seems like best practices here is Time Warner where they take their linear feed, they put it directly on to the Internet with all the commercials and Nielsen is able to measure that. And so they're aggregating that 1% to 2% lift of a very attractive demographic into the TVS [ph] and TNT overall ratings. Could you update us on where you are on TV Everywhere and whether you think that's a good idea? Or do you want to keep ripping apart the programming and putting in new commercials online?
Leslie Moonves: Well, first, I'll deal with international. No matter what has happened with the economy, internationally our numbers have grown in leaps and bounds. As you've seen in the last 5 years, we have doubled the amount of revenue we're taking in internationally. A lot of them are long-term output deals. But in addition, there is such a demand for the top-quality programming that we have seen no slowdown whatsoever in our major European markets or in Canada or in Australia. And the good news is it continues to grow. As long as we keep producing original, top-notch content, we're going to get paid for it, and those numbers should continue to go up. In terms of TV Everywhere, look, we are a supporter. If someone is paying us a retrans fee, then we welcome people being able to get our content whenever or wherever they can. As long as Nielsen is counting them, we are welcoming that even more, because what we want eventually to have happen is an eyeball is an eyeball is an eyeball, that we get Nielsen ratings and we get advertising for everything. And I would prefer to keep the system where the commercial load is exactly the same, and we get paid the same, whether it's TV Everywhere, whether it's online or on the air. Once again, as the MSOs get ready to do it, we're prepared to do it. But at the same time, we're able to sell wherever we want.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I was thinking about exploring your comment that retrans should accelerate significantly. Maybe we'll leave that for another day. On the scatter market for the first quarter, we're all poking around in volumes because of some of the setbacks we saw in December and in the fourth quarter generally. And you said mid-teens. I think scatter pricing was stronger last year. How should we think about scatter pricing? What's a good number given it was higher last year? How are you balance the upfront in the scatter?
Joseph R. Ianniello: I think we said again -- Doug, this is Joe, it's mid-teens over the upfront. Again, I think the good news is, is what we're saying is we're seeing increased demand. And again, obviously, the strength of our schedule is really kind of giving us a lot of confidence. We're seeing -- in terms of categories, we're seeing a big pickup for auto. So that continues to be strong. It's a big category. So we're pretty optimistic about the rest of this broadcast season.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, the absolute numbers last year, you're right, the scatter numbers were higher, higher percentage up off of the lower number at the upfront. So this year's upfront was we were up between 13% and 14%. And then, you add that mid-teen number, and it's pretty strong. Once again, we think that our demand is higher than our competitors' right now.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. And I guess just to paraphrase what you already said in your prepared remarks; it's more likely that strong upfront flows through in the March quarter than what we saw in the December quarter.
Leslie Moonves: That's right. That's absolutely right.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then just a clarification, Joe. That Outdoor mid-single-digit revenue growth, that's x any unusual items, right? That's sort of what we would see in the print?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. Well, that's on a constant dollar basis. We -- obviously, we don't -- I don't know what the exchange rate is going to do, plus or minus. So that's what we've done, an underlying apples-to-apples basis. So obviously, if the exchange rate moved plus or minus, we'll adjust for that, but that's constant dollar.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Meltz with JPMorgan.
Michael A. Meltz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So can you help us a little bit with the earnings progression throughout the year? Any factors that we should consider that might skew the numbers a bit in terms of the -- either the syndication deals or the online video deals?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Well, like I said, we just said the online streaming deals on a full year basis will be higher. Obviously, you'll have some quarter issues. I think last year, second quarter, we had a big inflow of those deals. So we might have a comp issue here in the second quarter. But our fourth quarter, obviously, will be very strong because of political. So I think, again, you'll have your normal seasonality, I think, with the year. But again, if you step back and you look at the full year, we're pretty confident. As we said in our remarks, it's going to be a record year for us.
Michael A. Meltz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: All right. And what about the tax rate, please?
Joseph R. Ianniello: The tax rate, as we're filing it in our 10-K, you'll see that -- again, what we've said is -- what we're saying is comparable to 2010 and 2009. So the effective tax rate, somewhere between 36% and 38%, is what we're anticipating.
Operator: We'll go next to David Miller with Caris & Company.
David W. Miller - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. Les, on March Madness. Correct me if I'm wrong, but last year at this time, or it's last year for the tournament, the Final Four games were actually in April, and the championship game was also in April. This year, I think the Final Four games are on March 31 with the national championship in April. So is it nice and neat and clean where you'll capture most of that ad revenue, or at least your share of it, on March 31? Or is there sort of a couple day delay? I'm just trying to sort of model this out as best I can and then I have a follow-up.
Leslie Moonves: Joe, why don't you answer that and we're [indiscernible].
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. Yes, I think the Saturday games will fall into Q1 this year as opposed to Q2 next year -- last year. So we will have a little calendarization issue. But again, that's only the Saturday games. The final will obviously all be in the second quarter.
David W. Miller - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Right. Okay, great. And then also, just with regard to your exposure to the London tube as it applies to the Outdoor business, I mean, it just seems like you guys can get really aggressive here come the London Olympics and just telling marketers that "Hey, look, if you want your brand or if you want your sign out there displayed in front of an extra 4 million people that are going to be descending on London, you got a buy a contract now." Can you characterize how aggressive you guys are right now in selling that inventory right now?
Leslie Moonves: David, theres not too many people ask us how aggressive we're going to be. I think they generally know the answer to that question. And you're absolutely right. This is -- it's an event we're looking forward to, and it makes the investment in London Underground very valuable because we're going to cash in well. And there is a lot of activity right now over there for our group.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. And they're putting -- I think people are booking early, getting those orders booked. And obviously, it will benefit our third quarter.
Operator: We'll go next to David Bank with RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Two quick ones. The first is, in terms of upfront option activity, I think we're sort of bumping around the deadline here. Can you comment in terms of what you're seeing for 2Q option taking? And GM had canceled a bunch of buys not long ago. So are you seeing them come back into the scatter market? And anything -- any more of the automakers falling behind? And then second, it looks like, in terms of first quarter, you did a kind of nice needle-moving syndication deal with respect to CSI: Miami in the AMC network. That, I think, could give you a pretty decent bump in the first quarter. Is there anything offsetting that a year ago? Or does it look like you could kind of get a nice bump up from that?
Leslie Moonves: I'll do the first and I'll let Joe do the second. The upfront options are remaining very, very strong. Nobody -- it's no different than any other year. What General Motors did was de minimis. And frankly, with our schedule being as strong as it is, we're having no trouble replacing the money at much higher rates. So we're seeing very few options. And it's sort of a normal, normal year, nothing abnormal. As a matter fact, it may be just the opposite. And people want our schedule, and it's good to be in the position we're in.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. As far as AMC, look, we're obviously very pleased that they see, again, the value in of our core franchises, CSI. So it will be incremental, David. There's nothing, again, comp-ing against something kind of unusual there. So again, just another example of our content in demand and us monetizing it.
Leslie Moonves: And new people getting in and wanting the content. A channel like AMC, which has made a pretty good name for themselves on original programming, getting into the syndication market, there are more and more of those and being, as we have, the most valuable current content and library content, new ways of maximize it.
Adam Townsend: And Jay, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our final question will come from Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Two quick ones in Local. OIBDA was helped in Q4, the press release said, by cost containment and the NBA lockout. So how should we think about costs in 2012 and beyond? Is there more room to cut costs? Or will most of the margin expansion come from increased revenue? And then my second question is, in Outdoor, what was the London Underground settlement?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Okay, Marci, let me start with the Local, the cost. I think, again, we always look at -- we're always looking at our costs on our Local segment. So we think we can manage that cost effectively. So I think margin expansion will clearly come from the top line, driving the top line. But again, we've demonstrated year in and year out that we're able to cut cost, control costs and manage it very effectively. So 2012 is going be no different. But obviously, again, the top line, we should be benefiting from -- again, our #1 category in automotive is strong, and we have an incremental category in political. So we're feeling pretty optimistic about that. Regarding the London Underground, because of confidentiality, we can't provide details. But what we can tell you is we're pleased with the outcome, and we're positioned, again, with the Olympics coming near, to really kind of enjoy the benefits of this contract for the next few years. So again, we're pleased with the outcome, but that's really all we can say.
Leslie Moonves: And Marci, the NBA; we have KCAL, we have the Lakers. So we had a few games that were missed during the quarter for the Lakers. But that's, once again, not a huge number. But it did affect the cost.
Adam Townsend: And this concludes today's call. Thank you, everyone, for joining us. Have a great evening.
Operator: That does concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-03 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Leslie Moonves - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President of Investor Relations Sumner M. Redstone - Founder and Executive Chairman
Analysts: Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Laura Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Michael A. Meltz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division David W. Miller - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CBS Corporation Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead, sir.
Adam Townsend: Thanks, Jay. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. Joining me for today's discussion are Sumner Redstone, our Executive Chairman; Leslie Moonves, President and CEO; and Joe Ianniello, Executive Vice President and CFO. Sumner will have opening remarks, and we'll turn the call over to Les and Joe, who will then discuss the strategic and financial results. We will then open the call up to questions. Please note that during today's conference call, financial results for the 2011 third quarter and 9-month periods, with the exception of revenue, are compared against adjusted 2010 results. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found on our earnings release or on our website.  In addition, statements on this conference call relating to matters, which are not historical facts, are forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's news releases and security filings. A webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can be found on the Investors section of our website at cbscorporation.com.  And with that, it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Sumner.
Sumner M. Redstone: Thank you, Adam, and good afternoon, everyone. I thank you all, for being with us today.  As you know, CBS is trailing yet another quarter of very fantastic results. We have consistently delivered growth and profitability, of course, driven by the success of our premium content all over the world. In every area we compete, CBS is thriving. We continue to lead as the #1 network. We're signing more and more online distribution deals. We're launching one Showtime hit after another and Simon & Schuster publishing the bestsellers. We have a stable growth at our Local business. Our content is getting more and more and more valuable everyday.  As we close out 2011, we are operating from a clear position of strength. And I tell you, 2012 promises to be even better. But it's not enough, as you know, to have great content. We have to have a great management team as well, and we do. Les and his team continue to make every right move, and CBS has remarkable success quarter after quarter.  And now here to tell you all about it, is the man himself. But before I introduce Les, let me say this. I have frequently called Les a genius. The reason he's a genius: He has 20 out of the top 30 shows on television, something actually unheard of. That's why he's a genius.  So let me introduce my friend, my colleague, the genius himself, Les Moonves.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you, Sumner. I appreciate those kind words. Good afternoon, everybody, and thank you for joining us again.  For many quarters now, we have posted results that speak to the strength, stability and progress of our company. Today's numbers are no exception, and the good news is that due to our performance, the strategic actions we've been taking and our ability to take advantage of the fundamental shifts in our industry, we are positioned for continued success going forward, including in 2012, which promises to be a very, very good year.  Our competitive position is as strong as ever. And as one of the world's leading content companies, the ways we are monetizing our programming are growing all the time, from retrans to reverse comp to streaming to our expanding international business. All of these new opportunities mean increased stability to our revenue base and more and more dollars falling to the bottom line. This past third quarter was indicative of the type of performance we have set ourselves up to achieve. We turned top line growth into sharp increases in OIBDA, up 25%, and EPS, which was up 43%. And our OIBDA margin, once again, reached peak levels that we haven't seen since '06 and '07. Plus, as we continue to tap recurring non-advertising revenue streams, we are diversifying our revenue base.  In the third quarter, our mix of advertising-related revenue came in at just 59%. So we are clearly tracking ahead of our strategy to diversify and de-risk the company. Across the board, we're delivering on our strategies and priming CBS to take advantage of some very exciting developments down the road.  And the fact that we have this kind of confidence in the future is why we're announcing today a plan to buy back another $1.5 billion of our stock in addition to the $1.5 billion that is currently underway. This is also in addition to the dividend that we recently doubled. So clearly, returning value to our shareholder is of significant importance to us. Today, I'm going to take a closer look at our third quarter numbers and then discuss a few of the operating highlights at each of our segments. And after that, I'll turn it over to Joe for more analysis and financial information. And then, we'll take your questions.  Despite the lack of political dollars this year versus last, third quarter revenues grew 2% to $3.4 billion. This kind of growth is extremely unusual for a non-political year. It was achieved by strength in our traditional businesses, as well as the kinds of recurring non-advertising revenues I just referenced.  Once again, we were able to turn revenue growth into strong profit growth, with OIBDA up 25% to $837 million for the quarter and EPS, up 43%, coming in at $0.50 per diluted share. Our growth has been consistent all year long. Year-to-date, our OIBDA is up 43% and EPS, 109%.  As mentioned, we are clearly being helped by new sources of high-margin revenue, as well as the underlying performance of our established businesses. But we also continue to hold down costs, including programming expenses that were lower than a year ago, and we're benefiting from all the debt reduction we implemented last year, the benefits of which will also continue. In addition, our free cash flow has been terrific. We have now generated $1.5 billion in cash year-to-date and have nearly $1 billion of cash on hand at the end of the quarter. This is after contributing to our pension plans and returning significant value to our shareholders.  Along these lines, as I mentioned, we have doubled our share repurchase program by another $1.5 billion. This expanded program is scheduled for 2012 and 2013 and reflects the positive visibility we have in our operations across the company into the future.  Also, during the quarter, we made the first increased payment of our quarterly dividend that was doubled from a year ago. Going forward, whether it be share buybacks or dividend payments, returning value to our shareholders will continue to be a top priority. Now let's take a look at how our success is reflected in each of our operating segments beginning with Entertainment, led by the CBS Television Network, which as you know, is off to a terrific start again this year. Our Entertainment segment continues to be driven by the increasing value of we call the content chain, which in all ways, we are getting paid for our programs.  The CBS Television Network is the first and most important link on that chain, and it continues to perform brilliantly. Primetime advertising, the network's bread and butter, was up solidly in the third quarter, and our ratings this quarter in the new fall season are significantly outpacing the field. CBS is averaging 2.5 million viewers ahead of our closest competitor, a difference of 24%.  Through the first 6 weeks of the season, CBS is also the first network since people meters began in 1987 to have 9 of the top 10 scripted series on television. And a few weeks ago, we made television history as the first network to ever broadcast 20 of the top 30 programs for the week.  The network's success extends across all key measures. CBS is up year-over-year in viewers, households, 25 to 54 and yes, 18 to 49. In fact, we were the first network since 2002 to have the #1 drama, the #1 comedy and the #1 new series in 18 to 49 through the first month of the season. With this kind of broad-based success, we have an unmatched platform to launch new shows and keep growing our momentum well into the future.  Once again, whoever says network television is a cyclical business hasn't been paying attention to CBS, which has been the leader in 9 of the last 10 years. Given the success of our ratings, we are the network clearly leading the way in the scatter marketplace. At CBS, we are delivering our audience across every single demographic. As this continues, it will result in us receiving an even greater share of scatter dollars going forward.  Meanwhile, in sports, the NFL continues to do extremely well for us. And coming up soon is college basketball, which in case you haven't noticed, is still scheduled to be played. And this weekend, on our air, we essentially have this year's college football championship, when #1 LSU plays #2 Alabama in primetime. So you don't have to wait for the BCS in January this year to find out who the best team in the country is. So our long-term deal with the SEC is paying off now and will continue to do so until 2023. This deal is looking better all the time as the SEC has clearly become the dominant conference in college football.  Beyond the network, the other links in our content chain are becoming more and more lucrative every single quarter. Syndication remains the next largest source of revenue for us, with especially sharp growth on the international side. Led by CSI and NCIS, the 2 most popular shows in the world, our international syndication business is producing north of $1 billion a year for us, double what it was just 4 years ago.  And as you know, you've read much about this, one of the most exciting areas of growth is the increased demand of our content from online video distributors like Amazon, Netflix, Hulu Plus and others. In less than 8 months, we have secured deals that are worth hundreds of millions of dollars annually to us and are a key factor in the diversification of our revenue streams. This phenomenon is being driven by consumer demand. Viewers are clearly looking to watch part of their content online, particularly younger viewers.  Going forward, we feel very good about our ability to make significant money from this development year in and year out, no matter which streaming service consumers choose. In each case, we're prudently delivering our programming to new viewers in a way that complements our traditional licensing businesses and realizes incremental value from our library by selling our content over and over again.  Within the last month, we also signed a pair of long-term streaming deals for CW content with Netflix and Hulu. These deals, which we did with our partners at Warner Bros., will dramatically change the economics of The CW, as well as add to our studio bottom line. Plus, like all of our deals, we continue to have the flexibility to sell our content elsewhere.  Two other key growth areas are retransmission consent and reverse compensation from affiliates. Both revenue sources continue to grow at a steady clip, and each of them is right on track to meet the financial targets we've laid out for you previously.  On the reverse comp side, we signed a new deal with one of our largest affiliate groups during the quarter. In this deal that comes into full effect next summer, we took a previous arrangement in which we had been paying our partners and turned it into a deal, which they will now be paying us, the kind of compensation we've told you we can expect.  So from advertising to syndication to streaming to retrans and reverse comp, every link of the content chain continues to strengthen and serves to diversify our revenue in a marketplace that rewards content like never before. The increasing value of our premium content is also at the heart of our Cable Networks segment, which where we continue to see very healthy revenue and profit growth. Our 3 Cable Networks, Showtime, CBS Sports Network and Smithsonian, all grew rates and subscribers during the quarter, with Showtime at nearly 21 million subs, up 11% year-over-year.  Last month, we launched a brand new hit on Showtime with the premiere of Homeland. This show is acclaimed by many as clearly one of the best new shows on television. It had an extremely strong opening and has grown from there. Meanwhile, this year's premier of Dexter was its highest rated yet and continues to have more viewers than it did last year. And remember, just like at CBS, great Showtime content feeds the pipeline to be sold in all sorts of new ways down the road as well. At our Publishing division, Simon & Schuster continues to grow its profits as well. We are increasingly benefiting from the sharp growth and improved business model of e-books. Sale of e-books has more than doubled year-over-year, and digital now represent 17% of Publishing's revenue.  Simon & Schuster grew its overall revenue in the quarter as well, and we had 58 new entries on The New York Times best seller, including 9 #1s. And as you no doubt have heard, we recently began selling Walter Isaacson's exclusive biography of the extraordinary Steve Jobs.  Moving to our Local Broadcasting segment, where we continue to have a story of strength and stability. Just like in the second quarter or third quarter, non-political revenues grew low single digits and are pacing to do the same in the fourth.  At our Television Stations, we saw growth across most key advertising categories, and domestic auto significantly was up 21% year-over-year. CBS Radio also posted growth in domestic auto, as well as retail and financial services.  Our TV stations continue to perform very well in terms of ratings, too. This past month during primetime, WCBS-TV in New York was the most watched television station in the country, and the majority of our stations were #1 in their markets. And in radio, our strategy to program more sports stations has proven to be very successful. We now have sports formats in 9 of the top 11 markets, and audience on those stations has grown nearly 75% in the past 3 years.  What's also exciting about our Local businesses is the way they are positioning themselves for the future. We now have 25 local websites that reflect the combined resources of our TV and radio stations in each markets. These sites, such as cbsnewyork.com and cbsla.com, et cetera, are capitalizing on the way people are consuming local content online as opposed to in newspapers or Yellow Pages.  We have some of the most recognizable brands in the biggest markets. And as this continues, the opportunity is significant. So we continue to love the Local business and particularly the properties we own. However, as the other businesses are in our company grow even faster, our dependence on Local becomes less pronounced.  In the third quarter, while overall revenues have grown, we're very pleased that Local Broadcasting accounted for just 19% of our total revenue versus 24% just a few years ago. This is another example how we have become a more versatile company.  Finally, our Outdoor business is performing very solidly as well. With pacing up domestically and abroad, our business in the Americas is outperforming the competition in both revenue and OIBDA. And internationally, we are seeing the business strengthen as we pursue new contracts, optimize our cost structure and continue digital expansion. Across the company, our business is operating right where we want it to be and just as we told you it would. We are finishing '11 in a very strong position. You have seen our numbers for the quarter and for the year-to-date where OIBDA is up 43%.  What's truly exciting though is that I believe the company is set up for a record-breaking 2012, and here's why.  The CBS Television Network has opened extremely well this fall. Looking ahead, the bulk of the network season takes place in '12, and we anticipate being in first place once again when the season concludes next year.  Retrans and reverse comp are in full swing, with more new deals coming into play next year. International demand for our content is growing every single year faster than ever.  Plus, this year, you saw the streaming marketplace begin to truly take hold, and we've made many deals already. We continue to talk to all these companies and many others that we haven't done deals with yet about finding ways to generate incremental dollars going forward. As you see, '12 is shaping up to be an even bigger year in terms of streaming.  Also, as you know, next year is shaping up to be a very contentious year in Washington. If we're up at this point in 2011, without virtually any political advertising, imagine what we can do with it in '12.  So clearly, we're very excited where we are, and we're very excited about all the ways that our recurring committed revenue will grow into 2012. We feel very confident about the marketplaces in which we operate. And as evidenced by the expansion of the share buyback program we've announced today and the doubling of our dividend last quarter, we like where headed -- where we're for the rest of this year, into '12 and beyond that as well.  With that, I will turn it over to my friend and colleague, Joe Ianniello. Joe?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Thanks, Les. Good afternoon, everyone. Next, I'll give you some more detail on our results for the quarter and year-to-date then update you on Q4 trends and opportunities in 2012.  Let's start with the total company results for the quarter.  Les mentioned how we're steadily turning top line growth into higher and higher profits. The numbers this quarter demonstrate the kind of exceptional flow-through we've been delivering quarter after quarter.  Despite significant political advertising from a year ago, overall revenue of $3.4 billion was up 2%, and advertising revenue was even with last year's quarter. Content licensing and distribution revenue was up 5%, led by our recent digital streaming deals and continued growth in international syndication. Affiliate and subscription fees were up 7%, benefiting from further growth in cable and retransmission consent fees.  OIBDA of $837 million was up 25% from the prior year, driven by high-growth margin revenue and our continued focus on controlling costs. Our overall OIBDA margin in the third quarter expanded 500 basis points to 25%, which ties a record for us. We're now benefiting from a larger and growing base of long-term committed revenue deals that have very high margin. Operating income of $703 million was up 33%. And as Les said, diluted EPS came in at $0.50 per share, up 43%.  We've not adjusted any reported items in this quarter or any quarter this year for that matter. For comparison purposes, 2010 amounts reflect the adjustments we made last year. I also want to point out that our results today do not yet reflect the benefit of the recent announced CW deals.  On a year-to-date basis, the story is very consistent. Revenue was up 3% despite the difficult comps of last year's Super Bowl and political advertising, as well as our new NCAA agreement. As you may recall, we now share in NCAA revenues with Time Warner. But our profits are significantly greater, and we have 13 years remaining on that deal.  At the same time, year-to-date OIBDA was up 43%. Operating income was up 59%, and diluted EPS was up 109% to $1.36. Let's turn to our operating segments.  Entertainment revenue for the quarter was $1.6 billion, up 1%, despite some timing of domestic syndication sales and one less NFL game in this quarter. This speaks to our underlying strength with primetime network advertising up 4% in the quarter. OIBDA for the Entertainment segment came in at $405 million, up 46%. The strength of the Entertainment segment's OIBDA was a combination of lower programming expenses and higher margin contributions coming from streaming deals and retrans fees.  In our Cable segment, revenue for the quarter was $420 million, up 14%, primarily as a result of affiliate fee increases on continued subscriber growth and higher pricing, as well as growth in content licensing fees from international syndication and streaming deals, once again, demonstrating the value of owning content. Cable OIBDA of $203 million was up 19% to a very healthy 48% margin.  Publishing revenue of $220 million for the quarter was up 1%, driven by strong performances from titles such as A Stolen Life by Jaycee Dugard and In My Time by Dick Cheney. Publishing OIBDA grew 19% to $38 million in the quarter. This represents a 17% margin, one of the highest in Simon & Schuster's history, continuing the trend of increased sales of more profitable digital content.  Local Broadcasting revenue of $656 million was down 3% for the quarter without the benefit of political advertising we had last year. Radio revenue was even, and TV station revenue was down 6%. But non-political revenue for this segment was up 2% for the quarter, illustrating the continued underlying strength. Both TV stations and radio stations individually were also up 2% on this basis as well, and the growth in non-political advertising in the quarter was broad-based across many categories.  In fact, 4 of the top 5 categories each showed growth with an average increase of 4% for these categories in the quarter. The only top 5 category that did not grow was movies because of the timing of film release schedules compared to last year. Automotive grew this quarter as domestic spending was up strong double digits, and Japanese auto showed improvement from the second quarter.  On a year-to-date basis, Local Broadcasting has grown its revenues despite the difficult political comp, the absence of the Super Bowl and the disruptions with Japanese auto, and that's truly amazing.  Local Broadcasting OIBDA of $184 million was down $11 million for the quarter due to the absence of the political advertising. However, year-to-date, we've grown OIBDA 7%. Again, this includes political from last year and demonstrates the underlying strength and stability of the station's business model, which also continues to benefit from our recent cost-containment efforts. And finally, Outdoor revenue for the quarter was up 4% to $477 million. We did benefit a few points from exchange rates, but the base business continues to grow just like our other local assets, led by increases in U.S. billboards and our South American business. Pricing for our U.S. billboard business was up 3%, with a steady year-over-year occupancy rate. We've been disciplined about not renewing low-margin contracts, and we will continue that approach in the future. Outdoor OIBDA of $80 million increased 4% over last year. The FX benefit to revenue also increased expenses, therefore negatively impacting our flow-through. We also did incur a few nonrecurring items, which also reduced the flow-through of top line growth. As you all know, we continue to incur costs associated with various legal claims. We expect further margin expansion in the fourth quarter and beyond as higher-margin contracts take effect. Turning to cash flow and our balance sheet.  Free cash flow came in at $29 million for the quarter, which includes a $200 million contribution to our qualified pension plans as we discussed on our last call. We will continue to opportunistically fund our pension plans, so stay tuned for more on that in the future. Year-to-date free cash flow was up 8% to $1.5 billion despite the absence of the Super Bowl from last year and the pension contributions this year.  During the quarter, we spent $350 million on our share buyback program, retiring 13.5 million shares. For the first 9 months of 2011, we've utilized $850 million of our $1.5 billion share repurchase program and have retired over 35 million shares at an average price of about $24 per share. Our cash on hand at the end of the third quarter was $947 million.  Now let me give you some observations about Q4.  We continue to see a stable marketplace. And based on current pacing data, we expect to see non-political TV stations revenue to be up low single digits, with the CBS TV Stations doing even better than that, Radio stations to be up low single digits as well and our Outdoor group to be up mid-single-digits.  As Les mentioned, we are very excited about 2012, which is now less than 60 days away. And we've positioned the company to have an extraordinary year. Let me reiterate some of the opportunities.  Retrans is stepping up. Reverse compensation is beginning to contribute. SVOD deals are accelerating. International demand for our content has never been stronger, and political advertising is back again. All this while we continue to manage our cost as well.  We're always looking at additional opportunities for incremental cost savings and next year will be no different. We're confident we can continue to identify permanent efficiencies to further expand our profit margins. We'll also continue to be diligent with capital allocation, always focused on our balance sheet and returning capital to our shareholders, highlighted by our increased share buyback program we announced today.  So in summary, we're very pleased with the results we've been able to share with you this year on our earnings calls, but we're especially looking forward to speaking with all of you on our 2012 earnings calls.  Thank you. And with that, Jay, we can open the line up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Joe or Les, you guys talked about all the deals you've done in the streaming online world. It sounds like you think that revenue base grows next year. Is that a fair characterization of your comments?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. Ben, this is Joe. Just by the deals we've done signed today, the revenue will grow next year year-over-year in terms of dollars.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Terrific. And if I could just ask one follow-up. If you look at the Entertainment segment, expenses declined year-over-year $160-odd million and even $180 million sequentially. I know, Joe, you mentioned your costs were down in the programming line. Anything else you'd call out in the quarter that might be unusual? And I think you had talked in the past about programming growing kind of low singles for this season versus last year. Is that still the right way to think about it?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, I think longer term, that's probably the right way to think about it. I think, again, we're demonstrating we can control costs. Sports programming and primetime programming are clearly down. But clearly, again, we're not daunted by that magnitude, so there is a little bit of timing. But I think we've proven year-to-date we've been able to manage that line very well.
Leslie Moonves: And the significant thing is because with our results, by overspending, it doesn't necessarily mean you'll get ratings. And it's really good to be able to manage our costs and still do quality programming as well. And I think that, that improves our margins. When you look at our ratings and you see that our programming costs are down, I think that's a pretty amazing statistic.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And Les, are you able to pick up any make good so far this year from, let's just say, NBC or anybody else who's weak so far this season?
Leslie Moonves: Well, I don't know the particulars about what's happening. But clearly, as I said in my opening remarks, we have the strongest place in terms of scatter. And when you look across the landscape, we are first in line when you look at the ratings across the board. And some of the other places are struggling a bit, and I would think they're in a far worse position than we are.
Operator: . We'll go next to Jessica Reif-Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I was wondering if you guys seem pretty confident about 2012, if you could give us an early peek into what you're seeing on the advertising side? Have advertisers done anything regarding their options yet?
Leslie Moonves: Jess, the -- looking at the first quarter there, it is business as usual. Nobody -- very few people are canceling us because they know they'll have to pay more. So we're -- obviously, with the share buyback, we're very confident of how the year is going to go in advertising for the rest of the season.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Right. So the upfront is going to be 3 quarters that we know what that pricing is and political for the local segment, so we've got very nice tailwinds helping 2012.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And Les, you just mentioned the buyback, that you felt confident enough to announce the buyback. I'm just curious about the timing. You still have $650 million left on the existing buyback. What prompted a renewed -- or what prompted a new buyback?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Jess, it's Joe. Look, the visibility into the non-advertising cash flows are so strong. As you said, there's only $650 million left, and that clearly just will run out by Q2 of next year. So we just look at this and just saying is we're so confident in our cash flows, we're going to continue to return capital to shareholders and we like our stock at these levels a whole lot.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just one thing on that confidence. You said publicly in the past that retrans and reverse comp will be at least $250 million. And given that you signed more deals, can you give us any kind of update on expectations for that line?
Leslie Moonves: You know what, we're not going to go much beyond that. We are confident we're going to hit the $250 million, and it will probably be more than that.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Nathanson with Nomura.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I have just 3 quick housekeeping ones. In the first paragraph, you talked about the challenging of -- challenge by the timing of syndication sales. Are you referring to timing of last year's syndication or do you have more syndication to come in the fourth quarter -- pushing into the fourth quarter?
Leslie Moonves: Yes, it's when we make the shows available. So as the next season, Michael, airs, so there's more to come later. So we made more episodes available in Q3 of 2010 than Q3 of 2011.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. There wasn't anything about a sale push into the fourth quarter that's going to come of...
Leslie Moonves: No.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And then, the comment about the programming mix driving savings, can you give us a sense taking out the timing benefits? In this quarter, what do you think your programming savings were like-for-like in Q3?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Well, let me answer -- it's Joe, Michael. Let me answer the question this way. I think you look at the Entertainment segment margin on a year-to-date basis, you see it's 20%, which is an 800 basis point improvement year-over-year. We clearly think that's sustainable.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay, okay. And third would be, you mentioned that primetime was up 4% in the third quarter. I wonder if you think do you sequentially improve with the new upfront base in Q4 from the 4% level in third quarter?
Leslie Moonves: Yes, judging from the fact, obviously, we all know how strong the upfront was. And frankly, the scatter is above that. So we anticipate that it will grow significantly from there.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Morris with Davenport.
Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Two questions. First, on Showtime, the growth there continues to be very strong and ahead of HBO, which I would consider your closest peer. You seem to still be growing your subscriber base. I'm just trying to think of when you look at a competitor like HBO, did they sort of represent what you see as the cap in the traditional model for that type of network? Or do you think that there's demand or you could have a structure that would allow you to grow beyond that? And then I have a follow-up.
Leslie Moonves: You know what, that's a very good question. We're currently over 21 million subs, and they're over 28. We are Avis, but I think, clearly, we are growing. Our programming mix, we think our original programming is stronger than it was even a couple of years ago. And there's a reason for that growth. I think subscribers want Showtime. More people want Showtime. Most households that have Showtime also have HBO. So the fact that we're growing, can we go beyond 28 million? One day, I hope so.
Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Great. Appreciate it. And one other thing, Les. You mentioned that I thought was interesting, your incremental was that when you -- the new reverse compensation deal that you struck not only will start to provide revenue starting in mid-2012, but also take some costs out. I assume take costs out of the Entertainment segment. I'm trying to gauge how big that is. Does that extend to your other affiliated stations that you may also have...
Leslie Moonves: You know, Michael, there were only a few station groups left that we will pay in compensation to. These last couple of deals will wipe that out entirely. By the middle of '12, we will not be paying out anybody and it all comes in. So this will be a cost savings, as well as a total reversal. As we said, instead of paying, we're getting paid. So that's a good way to be.
Operator: We'll go next to Laura Martin with Needham & Company.
Laura Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Let's talk about Hulu. So Les, you guys just signed a really wide-ranging deal for The CW. Could you talk about the similarities and differences as you think about the CBS Network and CW and specifically on Hulu Prime? Should we expect the deal announced near term on Hulu Prime and CBS? And then, boy, margins, wow, Joe, cost control hitting record margins. You told us a year ago you're going to do this and I think you delivered it faster. Can you tell us about margins next year? Because a lot of what you just went over looks like it's got 70% or 80% margin. So as a company, where do you think margins can go in 2012 and 2013?
Leslie Moonves: Thanks, Laura. I'll do the Hulu question, and then Joe can talk about margins. Yes, obviously, CBS has been the lone holdout with Hulu and Hulu Plus. The CW is a different animal. It appeals to a much younger demographic. In addition, frankly, a lot more of the viewers of CW are watching online. So the majority of this deal deals with a -- it will go on Hulu Plus at first. And then 8 days later, it will go on Hulu. The significance of this deal is that we did get paid a chunk of money. There is no advertising split on this, which is something that we absolutely refuse to do. Were we considerably more liberal with making a deal with Hulu for CW? Absolutely. But as I said before, The CW went from being a money loser for CBS to a profitable venture for us overall. So these 2 deals made a lot of sense for us.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And Laura, on the margin, I think -- again, I think you're right. I mean, we said this was coming. It's clear why it's coming. Retrans, reverse compensation, these streaming deals, these are very high-margin deals. So I think, again, as we continue, we have a way to go on them. Advertising, also very high margins. So I think the combination of managing your costs and having these incremental revenue streams, we're not just saying the words, you're seeing the results in our numbers.
Operator: We'll go next to Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a few quick questions, a couple for Joe. Have you shifted amortization accounting for production of new TV shows now that the online window has been firmly established for you so you expense less upfront as you allocate costs against that online window?
Joseph R. Ianniello: No -- let's talk about The CW deal that we just announced. For the CBS studio shows, we've not adjusted the amortization for that. We -- obviously, we will look at the ultimate accounting in the fourth quarter for that. Obviously, the bigger benefit, Doug, is when you make those shows available to the syndicator is when you recognize the revenue. But clearly, as we get more and more data points and as the value of these properties increase, that will get reflected in our amortization.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So that onetime reset is probably more of a 2012 event than a 2011 event, right?
Joseph R. Ianniello: I think that's fair.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then, can you give us any sense of how Oprah might have influenced revenue and margin comparisons in Entertainment year-over-year?
Leslie Moonves: Yes, look, we distributed Oprah, as you know. And during the last years, the amount of our distribution fee went down significantly, so I won't say it's terrific to lose Oprah. But a couple of positive things happened for the CBS Corporation. Number one, Judge Judy became the #1 show in syndication. Dr. Phil became the #1 talk show in syndication, 2 shows that we own. Number three, obviously, Oprah had been on the ABC television stations by and large. So as a result, that time period where we became much stronger helped our station group a great deal. So as I said, no knock on Oprah. Oprah was an institution, and we were very happy to distribute her. But because of these factors, I think we are going to be in very good shape as a result.
Operator: We'll go next to John Janedis with UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Guys, just going back to streaming. I think for the most part, the deals you've written have been guaranteed or upfront payment. So I'm wondering, looking ahead, I think the newer players that are going to be out there are going to have a harder time aggregating to subscribers. So can you talk about your appetite for deals that are success-based or non-guaranteed?
Leslie Moonves: We -- frankly, we don't believe in them. We're not going to go out and we've sort of -- we've even been against joining Apple TV, which was an advertiser split. And these deals are significant in that we are getting guaranteed cash payment. We like operating on that basis. And as you said, we've been able to do deals worth hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars on that basis. That is our position right now. Will we ever make a statement that that never could happen? I wouldn't right now because we don't know how the world evolves, but I like the way we played our hand and getting this guaranteed revenue stream is a good way to go.
Operator: We'll go next to David Miller with Caris & Company.
David W. Miller - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Les, correct me if I'm wrong, you guys actually have 4 separate television libraries in a sense, correct? You've got CBS, Paramount, King World and Aaron Spelling. How penetrated would you say you are within each of those 4 libraries with regard to over the top deals? What inning are we in right now with regard to further exploitation of that content?
Leslie Moonves: Yes, we do have those 4 libraries. We actually have a couple of others. We have Rysher is in there as well and a couple of other smaller independent companies that go way back. Desilu, we have all theirs going considerably back. I would venture to say, in terms of library -- and right now, the good news is we don't distinguish. I couldn't tell you, frankly, what was a Paramount show or a CBS show. We're probably in the third inning. If that -- well, between the second and third inning, and we got Albert Pujols coming to bat. So we're feeling very good about what the future is, and there's a lot more room to grow. Obviously, these initial deals did include a lot of the primo titles. But there's still plenty more, and these deals are short term. And there are other people going into the marketplace, that's why this content is forever.
Operator: We'll go next to David Bank with RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Almost as a follow-up to that question, Les, you pointed you have 20 of the top 30 shows right now. And one of the things you've taught us really well is the value of these shows is far greater often than in the ancillary kind of secondary markets. And so the question is, if you look at that mix of shows today that you're having such success with, the only pipeline for syndication that's announced, Rules of Engagement, NCIS: L.A., Hawaii Five-0. What are the next big shows to kind of come out into syndication given the success you've had so far? And how -- can you talk about order of magnitude of contribution over the next couple of years?
Leslie Moonves: Yes. I mean, obviously, Hawaii Five-0 and NCIS: L.A. were the last 2 big deals that we announced for domestic syndication. We still have Blue Bloods. We still have The Good Wife. This year, we have a new show called Unforgettable, which is substantial. And we have a couple of mid-season shows that are coming on, one starring Rob Schneider and another drama from the De Niro company that is coming on mid-season that we own. So the pipeline will continue. Our only problem looking down the road is our schedule is so strong, I got to find places to find new shows that we own, but we will find them. In addition, there will be Showtime programming. That's produced internally by Showtime and by CBS. So we have a lot of different avenues to produce these new programs, and we even have a couple of shows on other cable networks. So the pipeline will continue.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Meltz with JPMorgan.
Michael A. Meltz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you just clarify and perhaps quantify, where is scatter actually pacing for Q4, please, at the network?
Leslie Moonves: It's mid-teens right now.
Operator: Our last question comes from Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I have just a couple. Joe, you said local was up 2% x political. So focusing on TV, does this number include retrans or is it a core advertising number?
Joseph R. Ianniello: It actually doesn't swing the percentage, Marci. Either way, it's up the same, 2%, with or without retrans.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, in Outdoor, can you just...
Joseph R. Ianniello: Marci, I want to point out that the way we record our retrans, it's split. Other TV stations record 100% of it. As you know, we record 50% in the Entertainment segment and 50% in Local Broadcasting.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Right. Okay. And then, in Outdoor, what was the foreign exchange impact in the third quarter?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Almost 3 points.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then my last one, there's been a lot of M&A in the broadcast base. So any thoughts about revisiting a sale of Radio assets or even at some point, TV assets?
Leslie Moonves: Highly doubtful, highly doubtful. We like the way they're performing. And if somebody came along and made us a phenomenal offer for some radio stations, we would always look at it. But we're pretty pleased with what we have right now.
Adam Townsend: Great. Thanks, Marci, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this afternoon. Have a great evening.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-02 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Sumner Redstone - Founder and Executive Chairman Leslie Moonves - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President of Investor Relations Joseph Ianniello - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Michael Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Laura Martin - Needham & Company, LLC Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC David Miller - Caris & Company Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CBS Corporation Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead, sir.
Adam Townsend: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. Joining me for today's discussion are Sumner Redstone, our Executive Chairman; Leslie Moonves, President and CEO; and Joe Ianniello, Executive Vice President and CFO. Sumner will have opening remarks, and we'll turn the call over to Les and Joe, who will discuss the strategic and financial results. We will then open your call to questions. Please note that during today's conference call, comparisons for the June year-to-date period are against adjusted 2010 results. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found in our earnings release or on our website. In addition, statements in this conference call relating to matters, which are not historical facts, are forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's news releases and securities filings. A webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can be found on the Investors section of our website at cbscorporation.com.  With that, it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Sumner.
Sumner Redstone: Thank you, Adam. Good afternoon, everyone. I thank you for being with us today. CBS's second quarter performance was absolutely terrific. Our results, which follow up a remarkable first quarter, demonstrate one more time that our company is operating from a clear position of strength. Our world-class content is at the very top of its game. Most important, a continuous demand -- a premium across every distribution platform. Our success is the result of the long-term strategy we've been telling you about [indiscernible] to grow revenues in diverse ways, to manage our expenses with discipline, to deliver healthy profits and to create value by returning cash to shareholders. And in the second quarter, CBS achieved all of that and even more. But you know, strategy isn't enough. You need a management team to execute that strategy. We are fortunate to have an executive in charge of CBS that's about as great as they come and management teams to match. And as a result, CBS keeps just getting better and stronger. I have the utmost confidence that we are poised to achieve greater heights in the years to come. And with that, to tell you more about the extraordinary second quarter performance, I'll turn the call over to my friend and colleague, CBS President. But before I do, many of you would have heard me say that Leslie is a genius. Why? Because Leslie's performance in operating CBS is a performance of a genius. And with that, I'll turn it over to CBS's President and CEO, my very good friend, Les Moonves.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you, Sumner. Thank you very much for those kind words. And good afternoon to everybody. We do indeed thank you for joining us once again today. Yes, it's been a very interesting day. It's been a very interesting week. There are certain things we can't control like what goes on in Washington, but we can control what we do at CBS. And nonetheless, despite what may have happened, we are very pleased to share our exceptional second quarter results with you today. Across every key financial metric, we turned in a stellar performance, and the numbers speak for themselves. Despite a lack of political dollars, tough comps and some challenging macroeconomic factors, revenue was up 8%, OIBDA was up 51%, and diluted EPS was up 164%. We achieved these results, thanks to strong performances from our business units across the board. National and local, content and distribution, our operations continue to produce solid growth and increasing profits. We also achieved these results by doing exactly what we said we were going to do at our Analyst Day earlier this year. At that event, we laid out some of the most exciting areas of growth for our company that you may not have even be aware of. Let's take a minute to look at how we're delivering on these opportunities since our last call. First, we said we would drive revenue and profit growth not just from traditional sources but increasingly from emerging platforms as well. So building on the Netflix deal we signed in the first quarter, we entered into a nonexclusive licensing agreement with Amazon a few weeks ago. This deal is another example of how we are capitalizing on the value of our content by selling it to new distributors without taking away from established revenue streams. New entrants are coming into the marketplace all the time, and we will look to negotiate additional prudent online distribution deals going forward. Next, we also emphasized that the demand for CBS content has never been stronger overseas. During the quarter, we screened our new shows to the international television buying community, leading to increased sales of our programming around the world. And just last week, we announced the new separate nonexclusive agreement with Netflix International to stream our programming in Latin America and Canada. International expansion is a key strategic growth area for our company, and this deal represents a significant step in that process. Please remember, neither the Amazon deal nor the Netflix International deal is reflected in this past quarter that was so excellent. We also walk you through a number of structural changes happening in the industry that are allowing us to derisk our business model and diversify our revenue base with additional non-advertising sources. These include growing retransmission fees, reverse compensation from our affiliates and the great upside we have in our local media businesses. We continue to move forward on all of these initiatives, generating increasing revenues from each of them all the time. As we discussed at the Analyst Day, these opportunities have significant room for long-term growth, and we're making solid headway on each of them right now. Due to our success, CBS is a fundamentally different company today than we were just a few years ago, and the benefits of these fundamental changes to our business model are clearly coming through in our results, and our investors have benefited, as well. So let me discuss our exceptional results now. Then I'll point out some highlights from our businesses before I turn it over to Joe for more details. After that, we'll be happy to take your questions. As I pointed out earlier, CBS's bottom line performance was extremely strong. Diluted EPS well more than doubled to $0.58 for the quarter. That's up from $0.22 a year ago and is just below record levels. OIBDA increased to $873 million, up 51%, as every single one of our operating segments turned in strong profit growth. Just like with EPS, our OIBDA performance was also near record levels for the quarter, just shy of the company's all-time high. Plus, our second quarter margin of 24% was up 7 points from last year's quarter. We continue to manage our expenses closely, and as a result, our revenue growth is translating into near-record profit levels across the board. Meanwhile, revenue grew solidly too, up 8% to $3.6 billion for the quarter. Once again, this was achieved despite difficult comparisons to last year, which included significant political dollars. We also generated very healthy levels of free cash flow of 32% for the quarter. Year-to-date, free cash flow of $1.5 billion is up 30% and represents a record for our company. Our strong free cash flow allowed us to continue to deliver on our commitment to create value for CBS shareholders. During the quarter, we repurchased 250 million of CBS stock and doubled our quarterly dividend payment to $0.10 per share. At the heart of all this success is great content. Our content is performing extremely well, and we are increasingly distributing it in the most profitable ways, with new possibilities opening up all the time. Let's take a closer look at our businesses starting with our largest operating segment, Entertainment. During the quarter, the CBS Television Network ended the 2010 11th season as America's most-watched network for the eighth time in the past 9 years. We had the #1 scripted series drama in NCIS, the #1 comedy in the Big Bang Theory and the #1 news magazine in 60 Minutes. We also had more time-period winning programs than any other network and the #1 scripted series every single night of the week. Looking ahead, we are confident that our primetime lineup is only getting stronger. We had only very few spots to fill, and we've added 5 new series the next fall that are the best of the best. We ended the season with scatter pricing up 40%, which carried us into this year's upfront marketplace with remarkable strength. In the upfront, we once again led the way in total dollars and rate increases, which were up in the mid-teens, setting us up for strong revenue growth in 2012. At the same time, we continue to benefit from big event broadcast television, including our new long-term agreements for the NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament, which paid off very well for us in the second quarter. In addition, during the quarter, we signed a new deal to broadcast the Grammys for another decade on more favorable financial terms. And we also have the Southeastern Conference, the SEC, considered by most to be the most valuable college football conference, locked up for 12 more years. These long-term deals will benefit for a long, long time. Events like these pull together audiences only found on broadcast television and also drive social media usage like nothing else can, making them all the more valuable. And needless to say, we're very pleased that the NFL has negotiated a new long-term agreement with its players. We remained optimistic throughout this process and are now getting ready for another terrific season of football and all that goes along with that. The teams and owners are happy. The players are happy. The network is happy. Our 7 AFC ONOs are happy. The affiliates are happy and, most of all, our audience is happy. So this is a very good thing. At CBS News, with our new management team, is making terrific progress as well. The Evening News with Scott Pelley is off to a very good start. We added more than 0.25 million viewers in the program's first 2 weeks on the air, and our focus is to continue this momentum as we work to showcase the very best in broadcast journalism across the organization. Moving to our Cable segment where we also continue to grow. Showtime, CBS Sports Network and Smithsonian all delivered increases in both rates and subscriptions. Showtime subs totaled $20.5 million at the end of the quarter, up 13% year-over-year. Showtime's steady stream of original series is fueling our success, and we expect to build on this with returning favorites like The Big C, Weeds and Dexter, as well as with some of our promising new shows coming in the fall, including House of Lies and Homeland. Showtime is also benefiting from higher international syndication and Home Entertainment revenues as the demand for hip programming continues to increase around the world. So just as we do with our network programming, we are generating incremental dollars in cable by selling our premium content over and over again. At our Publishing division, Simon & Schuster is embracing digital distribution as effectively as any of the businesses in our Content group. Digital sales more than doubled year-over-year, and given the improved profitability of e-books, our OIBDA results were very strong. Once again, it's about delivering great content. So far this year, we've had 126 books on the New York Times bestseller list including the recent success of The Greater Journey by David McCullough, and looking ahead, we're already seeing strong sales of Jaycee Dugard's A Stolen Life, which set a new Simon & Schuster record for one-day e-book sales on its debut and sold 240,000 digital copies in its first 2 weeks. Moving to our local group. As you know, TV stations face tremendous pressures in odd years due to comparisons with political years. 2010 was an extremely strong political year for us, and despite that, we were still up in our Local Broadcasting segment this quarter with growth at both our TV stations and at radio. Going forward, we expect political advertising will begin to pick up toward the end of the year, and as we've been seeing these past few weeks, the 2012 political season is already underway and next year, as we've seen just in the past few days, promises to be another big one in terms of political revenue. Also, TV stations were up despite a temporary slowdown in Japanese auto spending. As this spending comes back, we feel very good about this key category going forward. Because of these factors, we're confident that we will be able to successfully manage our Local Broadcasting businesses for continued growth just as we did in the second quarter. Finally, our outdoor-business is growing at a strong pace, too. This segment is increasingly benefiting from newly restructured contracts, and with capital costs going down, we're building out digital displays, which are a high-growth area. We're also benefiting from high occupancy levels and further pricing improvements, though outdoor has a very good story as well. As you can see across every segment of our company, CBS's second quarter performance was extraordinary. Our content continues to fuel new and growing revenue on every platform, proving that hit programming is more valuable than it has ever been. In capitalizing on this trend, we're delivering on our promise to diversify and derisk our business model, driving earnings to near-record levels. We're also managing our expenses closely in every one of our businesses to ensure that more and more revenues fall into the bottom line. Plus, our balance sheet has never been stronger, and we continue to reap the benefit of the debt actions we've taken to reduce interest costs. Finally, we are delivering on our promise to return free cash flow to shareholders through ongoing share repurchases and increased dividends. Enhancing shareholder value is a commitment that we will continue to fulfill quarter in and quarter out. So once again, it was a rough day, but our quarter was great with high single-digit revenue growth, 50-plus-percent OIBDA growth and 100-plus-percent EPS gross -- growth. Needless to say, I'm extremely pleased with our performance. We continue to command a very desirable competitive position that I have every reason to believe that we will deliver strong results throughout the rest of the year, into 2012 and beyond. With that, I'll turn it over to Joe. Joe?
Joseph Ianniello: Thanks, Les, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I will provide some more detail on the results for the quarter, then update you on what we see ahead. Let's start with the total company results for the quarter. This was a very strong, clean and straightforward quarter. There were no adjustments made to reported results for the quarter. Revenue of $3.6 billion was up 8% from the prior year. Advertising revenue grew 3% despite the difficult comparisons for political advertising and the shared revenues with Turner on our new NCAA agreement. Content licensing and distribution revenue was up 21%, driven by the early benefit of our new domestic Netflix agreement. Affiliate and subscription fees were up 12%, benefiting from ongoing growth in cable and retransmission consent fees. OIBDA of $873 million was up 51% from the prior year as we continue to expand our margin. This significant improvement was driven by a number of factors including the performance of our base businesses, our continued focus on cost containment, the benefits of our new NCAA agreement and a strong mix of high-margin incremental revenue. Our overall OIBDA margin in the second quarter expanded 700 basis points to 24%. Operating income of $734 million was up 69%. And as Les said, reported diluted EPS came in at $0.58, up 164%, another quarter of demonstrating the strong operating leverage of our businesses. And on a year-to-date basis, revenue was up 3% despite the difficult comps of last year's Super Bowl and the political advertising as well as our new NCAA agreement that I just mentioned. Year-to-date OIBDA was up 55%. Year-to-date operating income was up 81%. And year-to-date diluted EPS was up 190%. Turning to our operating segments. Entertainment revenue for the quarter was $1.8 billion, up 10%, driven by higher advertising at the CBS Network, greater content licensing fees through the first phase of our domestic Netflix deal and a third cycle domestic syndication sale of Frasier to cable. OIBDA for the Entertainment segment came in at $440 million, up 97%, representing a 24% margin. The strength of our Entertainment margin reflects many of the benefits from the actions we've taken to derisk the business and generate new high-margin revenue. In our Cable segment, revenue for the quarter was $413 million, up 12%, primarily as a result of subscription and rate increases as well as increases in international licensing revenues and DVD sales from original series, once again demonstrating the value of owning content. Cable OIBDA of $176 million was up 36% to a 43% margin. We said on our first quarter call that we expected margin expansion at the Cable segment, and you're seeing that today. Publishing revenue of $183 million for the quarter was down 3% as the strong growth in the sale of more profitable digital content was offset by lower traditional print sales. Digital sales represented 15% of total Publishing revenues compared to 5% a year ago. Despite the slightly lower revenue, Publishing OIBDA grew 12% to $19 million, demonstrating the higher margin associated with digital sales. As the digital transition continues, we expect additional margin expansion at this segment. Local Broadcasting revenue of $691 million was up 2% for the quarter. Radio revenue was up 4%, and TV revenue was up slightly. This was another quarter of posting growth at TV stations even with the difficult political comps, the temporary Japanese auto production issues and one less television station. We want to point out that domestic auto was up in the high-teens for the quarter, demonstrating the underlying strength in this important category. Other categories leading the way were financial services, pharmaceutical and telecom. Local Broadcasting OIBDA was $230 million, up 7% for the quarter, representing a 33% margin. And finally, Outdoor revenue for the quarter was up 7% to $490 million, with the Americas also up 7% on a constant dollar basis. Revenue growth continues to come from increased pricing as occupancy levels remain high particularly in our large markets. Outdoor OIBDA of $86 million increased 9% over a year ago. We expect to see better OIBDA margins by the end of this year as we benefit from improved long-term contracts. Turning to cash flow and our balance sheet. As Les said, free cash flow came in at $646 million for the quarter, up 32%. Year-to-date, free cash flow of $1.5 billion was up 30% even with a difficult Super Bowl comparison from last year. On a year-to-date basis, cash interest was lower by over $50 million, and CapEx at the halfway mark was $95 million, well within our full year estimate of $250 million to $300 million. During the quarter, we retired 9.9 million shares of our stock and spent $250 million of our buyback program. For the first 6 months of 2011, we've spent $500 million of the $1.5 billion share repurchase program and retired early 22 million shares at an average price just over $23 per share. Our cash on hand at the end of the second quarter was $1.35 billion. After the quarter, we made a payment into the company's qualified pension plans in the amount of $200 million. Given the interest rate environment, our strong cash position and our cash status, this was a very efficient use of cash. Now let me take you through what we're seeing in the short and longer term. Starting with Q3, scatter pricing remains at plus 40% as we head into the new season and start to benefit from this year's strong upfront. Nonpolitical TV stations revenue is pacing up low-single digits. Radio stations are also pacing to be up low-single digits, and our Outdoor group is currently pacing to be up mid-single digits. On the longer-term side, we continue to focus on the initiatives we laid out at our Investor Day in February. We're making solid progress on derisking our business model and driving significant new high-margin, non-advertising revenue streams. We will update you as we continue to execute on these initiatives going forward.  We also continue to manage our cost structure very effectively, and our primary use of excess free cash flow will be to return it to shareholders via a combination of share buyback and dividend. We believe this strategy will benefit us for many years to come. In summary, our results were very strong this quarter, and we continue to take strategic steps to ensure that this success continues for the rest of this year and many years ahead. With that, Jay, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: On Showtime, I guess it's the Showtime cost in the Cable Network division, how long will you have these favorable comparisons?
Joseph Ianniello: Well, Jessica, it's Joe. I think, again, the cost, I mean, because of original programming, there's a little bit of the timing of when shows premier and when they're expensive and when we have the promo. So but I think, when you look at the margin, we're comfortable on the 40% margin prospectively.
Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then, I guess, 2 more questions. Frasier, if you could say how big that third cycle was. And then I know you gave really good color on kind of what you're seeing in the near-term in advertising. But with what's going on with the government is so unusual, I'm just wondering, if you were -- at what point, can you just remind everyone what point do you -- can advertisers back away? Do you have any sense in talking to your key advertisers if they plan on backing away over the next quarter or two?
Leslie Moonves: Jessica, I'll answer the last question first, then I'll let Joe do it. Advertisers can back away a few weeks before, but we have seen absolutely none of that. As a matter of fact, with football coming back and the fall season coming ahead, we are seeing increased demand for our shows. And locally, as Joe mentioned, our pacing is fine. Japanese automakers are coming back. So we are not at all afraid, and frankly, we're looking forward to the fall.
Joseph Ianniello: And Jessica, we don't obviously break out the profitability on each particular show. All I would tell you, it's not significant to the overall margin expansion, but it was obviously very helpful to continue to have product that, again, the first, second and third cycle continue to sell very well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laura Martin with Needham & Company.
Laura Martin - Needham & Company, LLC: Les, for you, the number that blew everybody's estimates away was [indiscernible] EBITDA on Entertainment. You mentioned in your prepared remarks. Could you -- I'm wondering if you could give an update on other more granularity on the potential deal, like the Netflix and Amazon deals? And also on international, what markets specifically are so robust that it's really helping this profit number? And then, Joe, for you, if you wouldn't mind talking about -- I noticed we're building a big cash balance here, and I'm delighted that you spent $200 million after the close of the quarter through this early prepayment of pensions. But our debt is kind of flat, and I'm just thinking, through the use of proceeds here, you're really very constant in repurchasing shares. Could we see a step-up in share repurchases or prepayment of that pension plan rather than this cash build? Or there's some reason we want to build all this cash on the books?
Leslie Moonves: Good. Regarding the content deals, what's exciting about it is there are, people have said, "Who else besides Netflix is getting into the ballgame?" And obviously, we did a significant deal with Amazon, which is becoming big, and DISH just announced today that they're going to spend a considerable amount of money buying content and buying libraries. So when you look at our current content, our ownership position, we have a pretty phenomenal library. And what we like to say about both Amazon and Netflix, none of the things we sold are currently shows that are on the air. So the world is getting bigger every day and expanding, and we hear about Apple wanting to buy content, and Google, et cetera, et cetera, and Microsoft. So we think having the content we have is going to get bigger and bigger. Internationally, obviously we're expanding into Latin America and South America. It's becoming fairly significant. As well as Eastern Europe and the Far East are also markets that weren't open before. And in the traditional markets like Europe, what's great is they're sort of like America was 15 or 20 years ago where it used to be a small number of channels. Now with cable blossoming, there's a lot more competition, and once again, the international numbers go up considerably every single year. Joe?
Joseph Ianniello: Sure. Laura, on the cash balance, yes. I think obviously, it's $1.35 billion, and look, we'll continue to focus on returning capital to shareholders. I think we're on track for 2011 share repurchases of $1 billion plus, plus you add to the dividend of that of a couple of $100 million, so you could see where we're returning our value to our shareholders. So we'll continue to do that. Obviously, opportunistically, we'll relook at the pension funding, and look and make another contribution if the environment is right. So this is obviously giving us a lot of tremendous flexibility, but our primary use, like I said in my remarks, will be to return it to shareholders.
Operator: We'll go next to Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Just a quick housekeeping, Joe. I don't know if you have this, but I was curious if you could give us the political ad number for the stations in Q3 and Q4 for the back half of last year, just so we can understand what the comp is. And then sort of more strategic, Les, when you look at your businesses over the next 3 to 5 years, at least in our view, the biggest area of growth and transformation of CBS is from retransmission fees, which does, in fact, tie back to the existing "cable, satellite, telco, pay TV" bundle. And so I was wondering if you could just spend a minute on how you think about selling library content to these new distribution platforms in the effort of maximizing the value of the library. So we hear 7% of your library to Netflix and try to think about what the real opportunity there is as more people come in and want more content? And in contrast, how do you think about making those shows available at what price points versus trying to make sure you're not creating some of that, eats up the sort of the big opportunity for you on the bundle.
Joseph Ianniello: Okay, Ben, it's Joe. I'll start. For political, I think, last year we said to arrive $200 million of political dollars for the segment, and I think we also said directionally about 50% of that comes in the fourth quarter. So hopefully, that's helpful for you.
Leslie Moonves: Ben, as we look forward, we said 2012 in terms of retrans, we'll have our -- we are shooting for a goal of $250 million, and we feel very confident we will hit that, and that does not include any of the fees that we're going to get from our affiliates. So over the next 3 to 5 years, we think combined those numbers can be in the $600 million to $700 million range for those. And so that's something once again that drops right to the bottom line, and then it's going to be growing every single year from now. Knowing that we have a 10-year Comcast deal in place and a 5-year Time Warner deal in place, we sort of know we're sort of guaranteed those revenues coming in. And how we look at our library and our content, once again, we continue to replenish our library. Yes, we have a lot of old stuff and part of this -- part of the Netflix and Amazon deal go back to original episodes of Star Trek and I Love Lucy, but they also include a show like Medium, which just went off the air this past year. What we've been able to do successfully is continue to replenish our library. We have 3 CSIs that are now on the air that aren't part of these Netflix deals or the Amazon deals. One day, they will come off the air, and we will get a lot of money for those in those platforms. So the idea is our production companies, both at CBS as well as original production at Showtime, are going to continue to produce numerous revenue streams, and our library is astronomical. There's plenty and plenty of series going back. Remember, our library is comprised of the old Paramount library, the old Aaron Spelling library, the old CBS library and the old Teen World library. So we have a ton of content, and each one of these packages can just grow. Now in Netflix, that 7% does include a lot of our prime library stuff like Cheers and Frasier, but we have plenty more, and there'll be plenty more coming in.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Nathanson with Nomura.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: I have one for Les and one for Joe. Les, just take you back a couple of years ago, 3 years ago, in the recession. Clearly, the markets worry that we're headed back to a double dip, and I wonder, you talked about it a bit, but could you just relate to the tone of the market you're in now on the national side to what you saw 3 years ago? And what are -- in terms of the tone or the people coming in to buy, how does that feel versus 3 years ago? So can you correspond this point to where people were 3 years ago in terms of demand?
Leslie Moonves: Yes, I mean, right now, once again 3 years ago, the scatter wasn't as high as it was nor was the upfront demand as high as it was. So we're not seeing anything like that like we felt 3 years ago. Obviously, its been a rough couple of days, but we haven't seen anything that reflects that the same tone as then, which was much more of doom and gloom, and we are not feeling that or seeing any of that. Once again, the recent NFL deal is a big shot in the arm to us and to our advertisers. As a matter of fact, once that deal got signed a week ago, they were streaming in. So that was fairly significant. As Joe pointed out, auto has been very strong, and we expect Japan to increase on that, so we are not feeling any of that sort of sentiment as we felt 3 years ago.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Okay. And then one for Joe, following up on the Japanese comments. How big is Japanese auto represent for your local stations? And what type of range was it down in the quarter?
Joseph Ianniello: It was down significantly, Michael. It's a big category now. All of the, kind of, countries were actually up, it wasn't just domestic, but domestic led the way. I mean, the key for us is the demand is there. And I think everyone is focused that the temporary productions are behind them, and they'll be at full speed by the end of this year. So we're seeing orders come back in, so again, but it is a -- auto was the #1 category, as you know, in Local Broadcasting, and Japan is a significant piece of that.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Would it be like teens of revenues?
Joseph Ianniello: In what, in terms of percentage?
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Yes.
Joseph Ianniello: By itself, no, probably not teens, but close.
Operator: We'll go next to Anthony DiClemente with Barclays Capital.
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital: First question's for whoever has negotiated the streaming video deals. I suspect Joe. The question is, it seems like an early precedents being set in terms of the way those deals are being signed, those being on a fixed-fee basis, and I just wonder, as the digital distribution market develops and as you guys perhaps start selling some earlier window product, do you foresee that structure staying the same? Or do you think it's possible, as the market matures, you might at some point move to like a per-use or a per-subscriber model? And then I have a follow-up.
Joseph Ianniello: Okay, it's Joe, Anthony. So yes, Les and I are both involved in all of those negotiations, just to answer your question. I'll just let you know that, again, every deal is different. So just understand, we have an expectation of what fair market value is for our content. So if a deal is on a per-subscriber basis and somebody has the very few subscribers, that it clearly doesn't make sense. But you should assume that we anticipate to grow with these companies as they build their businesses, so we have to get our value one way or another. So you will see that, and we'll have a lot of flexibility built into those deals. So the answer is, the negotiations will evolve as the business evolves.
Leslie Moonves: And Anthony, just to amplify on that a bit, the Netflix and the Amazons in the world are relatively new in terms of video content. So it's important that Amazon pay us upfront for that and give us a fixed amount for this content, and they will grow their business accordingly. But we'd rather take the money at this point. We think that's a much better business model, and let them grow their subs and go from there.
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital: Okay, Les. And do you think that the proliferation of these new platforms mitigates the need for you guys to go out and make a strategic acquisition in Cable Networks space? Or do you think that CBS could still or could benefit from a basic cable network as another means of revenue stream diversification?
Leslie Moonves: Thanks, Anthony. You know what, it is not on our must-do list. We are bringing in so much money when we talk about our content food chain, starting with network advertising going into what we're selling in syndication then going into these new platforms. The need for a basic cable network to put our content on no longer becomes very important to us. So we're fine without it.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Janedis with UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank: Les, can you talk a little bit more about ratings, which, I guess, have been a little bit soft for CBS and peers and time shifted viewing evading ads. The penetration of DVR has increased to over 50%. Is there risks that help pressure ratings for repeats in longer term maybe impacts the rates you can get in syndication?
Leslie Moonves: John, our ratings are always soft in June. We don't have original programming. It's all repeats. Until after July 4, we get Big Brother on the air. And it's always soft this time of the year, and it doesn't really matter because so little of the revenue comparably is involved then. And then frankly, our ratings, we've won the last 4 weeks in ratings. Once July began, we are back in the ballgame. DVR penetration, and it's been a subject for a number of years when it first came out. Once again, it was, could be the killer of primetime. It's actually increased primetime viewing. We've used this statistic many times before. Even our most loyal fan or any loyal fan of any television show, be it CSI or Modern Family only watches 2 out of 4 on the air, and they catch up with the other 2. And if they watch it in the first 72 hours, we get credit for it. So DVR for people who make hit programming is a plus, and we found it that way.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank: Okay, so no impact. All right.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Morris with Davenport.
Michael Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC: A couple of questions. First of all, could you talk a little bit more, risk of delivering a point here, but it's about the national advertising environment. How did you actually pace in the second quarter? And that 40% number for scatter continues to be, I mean, it's huge especially in light of what the sentiment is right now. Can you just talk a bit about what that means? How big is that for you in terms of actually driving the revenue number? And how should we be thinking about the new season in terms of risk for year-over-year scatter pricing? How are you looking at that?
Joseph Ianniello: Yes, sure. Okay, Michael. Look our national advertising, obviously, in this time of the year, we're in repeats. So you got to have comparable issues, but the pricing clearly is still there. There's not a whole lot of inventory available to drive the absolute dollars. So again, we're really focused on the new upfront season starting, which doesn't kick off 'til the end of September. So you're really going to see the biggest impact of that in the fourth quarter, not the third quarter.
Leslie Moonves: And frankly, about end-season risk, we sold around 80% because the rates were so high at the upfront. And as I said, with all this football money coming in right now, we're a very low risk. And frankly in addition, with only 5 new shows and they're very well located, knowing what we know about our schedule, you could bet the house that our ratings are going to be there and that our advertising revenue will be there.
Michael Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC: And so NFL, I mean, ratings were incredible last year. Is that a situation similar to where if you sort of exceed your guarantees, you leave some money on the table. In the upfront processor, are there rating points that you can incrementally monetize this year if you hit the same levels? Or did you monetize it all last year?
Leslie Moonves: By the way, we don't, we never sell floor below. We never undersell our stuff, so it's always utilized. The ratings were phenomenal in football. We see no reason to think that we won't do equally as well, if not better. And frankly, because of those phenomenal ratings, we were able to sell it at a much higher price right now. And there's such a scarcity that, in the inventory, it's a terrific thing.
Operator: We'll go next to Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: Just a couple of short ones. Les, any concerns about competing with X Factor? Could that be disruptive this fall?
Leslie Moonves: I'm not concerned. I think X Factor is going to be a big hit, but the good thing about CBS is we were sort of idol-proof. Idol is still a monster. Idol's still a killer. I wish I had it. I hate that it's on Fox. And X Factor, I think, will be equally wonderful, but you know what? Our shows, we are much more sold in the scripted area. We're very -- we're the most competitive towards it. So I think it'll do very well, but it won't hurt us.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: On the scatter side, you talked about it a bit already. Some networks are seeing advertisers trying to topple up the upfront. We've seen that occasionally in prior years. Are you seeing that as well? And how are you balancing that against saying no and pushing those folks into the 4Q scatter market?
Leslie Moonves: We haven't sold anything after the upfront. We're confident with our fall schedule so much that -- I mean, Jo Ann Ross and her terrific team did such a good job. And some guys who we negotiated and tried to get like a high single-digit rate, and she said, "Sorry, we're not going to sell it," came back after the fact, then she said, "Sorry, guys, too late. Too late, you want to come in at scatter time." And we're betting once again that scatter is going to be better than the upfront, and we're betting that our schedule's going to be better than our competitors'.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: I know it's a bit early, but we are seeing some peer networks starting to sell 4Q scatter. They're already sold out for 3Q already, maybe that's part of it. Are you starting to sell 4Q scatter at all?
Leslie Moonves: No, no we're not. Once again, we have -- you have to remember that there's much more stability in our schedule than our competitors'. Fox is fairly stable. The other guys have a lot of new shows, a lot of shows that have moved around. They don't know what they're going to do. Some of them are very good shows. We have stability. I'm very confident in how we're going to do in the fall.
Operator: We'll go next to David Bank with RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: In keeping with the operator's request, I have 1 question, but it will be in 3 unrelated parts. The first one is, can you guys talk about what you think the greatest opportunities are on the margin side? Obviously, the core margins, as you sell more of this content business, is probably going to improve. But can you address it a little bit broader in terms of your views what the opportunities are? The second question is, a couple of months ago at the Investor Day, you gave a, I think, a $500 million target for international syndication over the next couple of years. And I think a lot of us were surprised with what we assume the magnitude is on the Netflix International deal. Did that number -- was that sort of a traditional media number and digital is kind of gravy, or was that all in there? And the last question is a little bit of a follow-up, I think, to the prior one and the one before, which is, can you give an apples-to-apples number on network advertising, adjusting for the difference in the NCAA stuff and whatever else you think makes sense in 2Q?
Joseph Ianniello: Let me -- David, it's Joe. Let me start with your first 1 or 1.5, and then we'll tag team it. The greatest opportunities for the margin, obviously, retransmission consent fees are 100 cent dollars. Those expand our margins vastly. So obviously, we've quantified that for you. We're talking hundreds of millions of dollars to benefit. Obviously -- so we feel pretty good about that. We see it, feel that ramping up in '12 and beyond. We're looking ahead and just staying with 2012. Clearly, the upfront is behind us. Advertising, all we pay is the commission on those revenues, so that feels pretty good. We know it's a presidential election year, so we know that's going to increase demand at the local marketplace. So advertising has got real high margin. Retransmission content fees, real high margin. And then these X VOD deals that we're doing with the Netflixes and Amazons of the world, are very high margin, kind of 50-plus , 60% margin. So when we're sitting her with a 24% margin, the 3 buckets that I just mentioned, that are hundreds of millions of dollars, are clearly accretive to our margin. So we're feeling pretty good about that. And on the $500 million number, that was really just meant for more traditional sources. So yes, the Netflix International is gravy. So we want to put gravy, want to put some cream, we want to put cherry on top of all that stuff, so stay tuned for more of that. Okay, what else did we miss?
Leslie Moonves: Apples-to-apples on network advertising.
Joseph Ianniello: Oh, apples-to-apples. I think, again, it's in the mid-single-digit range. Just when you kind of strip out everything and try to put it on a level playing field. Partly do that, David, but that's directional.
Operator: We'll go next to David Miller with Caris & Company.
David Miller - Caris & Company: Les, just hindsight being 20/20 on the upfront. And most of us were expecting you guys to be the market leader in terms of CPM growth, and indeed you were. But just the hindsight being 20/20, in your opinion, was upfront so strong on a CPM basis and on a volume basis for you guys, just because there were so many advertisers last year that sat out the upfront, they got burned by the scatter market and they had no choice but to come in no matter what the macroenvironment? Or are we looking at more of kind of a slow growth environment where, say for example, the technology industry, these guys are just going to beat each other up to try to take share, and obviously, network advertising is the best platform to do that?
Leslie Moonves: Thank you, David. Look, it was a terrific market for all the networks. Even some of the other networks were doing high-singles after coming in fourth place. So they -- once you get scatter into the 35%, 40% range, it's really a great market for us. And everybody was there because, as I said in a previous earnings call, somebody who bought in May and -- or somebody who didn't buy in May, and then the following October, they had to pay 30% more for the same spot that they either got beaten up by their client or their advertising agent or their boss, and they came in. So we sort of set a number. We set the number fairly early that we wouldn't accept any lower then, and that was in the mid-teens area. And no matter what anybody else did, we stuck to our guns. We got what we wanted. We could've sold out 100% frankly at that amount. As I said, we kept it to 80%. So we were very pleased with how the upfront turned out.
David Miller - Caris & Company: And if you just relate it to Jessica's question, if you have any cancellations or if folks are thinking about canceling, they want to be doing it now, correct? It's too early. They'd be doing it more like early September or so? Do I have that correct?
Leslie Moonves: Well, they could do it. They could do it now, but they're not, and there are people who are buying scatter who would love to have those slots. So it's not a factor.
Operator: And our final question will come from Marci Ryvicker from Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: I have 2 quick ones. First of all, in the TV space, there've been a lot of stations for that are up for sale. And there's a thought that the affiliates are looking to get bigger in order to gain more leverage against the networks as they negotiate for reverse comp. So have you any thoughts on consolidation in TV and if that would have any impact on your negotiations? That's the first question. And then secondly in Outdoor. Joe, you said Q3 is pacing up mid-single digits. Can you break out Americas versus International and maybe comment specifically on the U.K. and France?
Leslie Moonves: Marcy, I'll do the first question, and I'll let Joe at the second. We have seen no consolidation in terms of that to offset us. Frankly, we've had very productive conversations with our affiliates. We haven't seen them banding together to come against the networks. We've made a number of these affiliate deals for reverse comp without pulling down any signals anywhere. Some of them are tough negotiations, but we haven't seen guys band together or even acquire. There hasn't been a whole lot of station acquisitions. And we're in the process of getting some of our larger station groups done at very good rates, and everybody's happy.
Joseph Ianniello: And Marci, on your last part with Outdoor, both Europe and Americas are in that same range, so really no difference. And for us, Europe is really led by U.K. and France. Those are our larger countries that really move the needle. So I think, again overall, we're comfortable with that mid-single-digit range.
Joseph Ianniello: Thank you, Marci. And thanks, everyone, for joining us. Have a great evening tonight.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-03 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Sumner Redstone - Founder and Executive Chairman Leslie Moonves - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President of Investor Relations Joseph Ianniello - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Michael Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch Laura Martin - Needham & Company, LLC Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC David Miller - Caris & Company David Joyce - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CBS Corporation First Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead.
Adam Townsend: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter 2011 earnings call. Joining me for today's discussion are Sumner Redstone, our Executive Chairman; Leslie Moonves, President and CEO; and Joe Ianniello, Executive Vice President and CFO. Sumner will have opening remarks, and we'll turn the call over to Les and Joe, who will discuss the strategic and financial results. We will then open the call up to questions.  Please note that during today's conference call, financial results and comparisons, with the exception of revenue, will be discussed on an adjusted basis unless otherwise specified. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found in our earnings release or on our website. In addition, statements in this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's news releases and securities filings. A webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can be found on the Investors section of our website at cbscorporation.com.  With that, it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Sumner.
Sumner Redstone: Thank you, Adam. Good afternoon, everyone. And I thank you for being with us today. CBS is on a roll in 2011. Our industry-leading content, our multi-platform distribution have once again led to an exceptional performance for the company, and momentum is continuing throughout our businesses.  What a terrific way to start off the year. Not only are we operating in a strong marketplace, we have the right strategy to turn our growing revenue into increasing profits. And remember this, we remain committed to enhancing shareholder value. This is an unbeatable approach that I'm confident will propel our company to even greater heights throughout the rest of this year and for many years beyond. This is in no small part, of course, thanks to Les and his team. They are doing a phenomenal job creating the best content, optimizing the business and managing our balance sheet. Needless to say, I'm really pleased, extremely pleased with CBS and all that we're doing to capitalize on our position of strength.  And now for more on CBS's exceptional performance, let's hear from my good friend, a man I rightfully and faithfully call a genius, CBS's President and CEO, Les Moonves.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you very much, Sumner, for that wonderful introduction. Good afternoon, everybody. Thank you for joining us once again. By now, you've read our release and have seen that we had a wonderful quarter. OIBDA was up 64%, 96% on a reported basis. EPS was $0.29, up nearly 6x from the first quarter last year. Every single segment of CBS is performing at extremely high levels. In a minute, I'm going to walk you through our divisions in more detail. But I can tell you up top that in every one of our businesses, we are very pleased with what we are seeing. And heading into the rest of the year, we are looking as strong as we ever have.  This quarter is also a great one because you can truly see the kind of strong fundamental performance that we are confident we will achieve going forward. We did not benefit from any one-time items or adjustments. We just generated healthy underlying growth that speaks to the strength of our businesses. As the numbers show, we're clearly benefiting from the strategic actions we've taken to enhance and derisk our business model, including diversifying our revenue streams and managing our cost structure. Our valuable content and our ability to sell it with increasing profitability is a powerful combination that positions CBS for success, not just for the rest of this year but for many years to come. We are very encouraged by the ongoing strength of the advertising marketplace. We posted solid underlying revenue growth during the quarter. And as we look to the rest of '11 and into '12, our business continues to be very healthy, particularly given the highly favorable climate heading into this year's upfront.  Scatter is still extremely hot, and pacing in our local businesses is looking very solid as well. In just the first 4 months of the year, we are already making meaningful progress towards many of the core initiatives that we emphasized at our upfront for investors in February.  A major theme we discussed that day was the opportunity we have to monetize the value of our content through strategic business deals. There were some notable examples of our progress during the quarter, including our new NCAA deal with Turner Broadcasting. Our first year in this 14-year agreement was a ratings success, and it places us in a much stronger and now profitable position. We also made significant progress in our strategy of getting paid incremental dollars for our content. This includes the deal we made with Netflix in February and more recently, a new lucrative domestic syndication deal for Hawaii Five-0. More on that later.  We continue to have great success selling our content across the company on all sorts of platforms. And because of this success and the healthy free cash flow we continue to generate and the improved visibility we have in all of our businesses, we are pleased to announce today that we've doubled our quarterly dividend to $0.10 a share. This is, of course, in addition to continuing our aggressive and significant share buyback program. Returning value to shareholders is a commitment we take very seriously, and we are pleased to deliver it even more strongly once again today. So clearly, we're in terrific shape on every front.  I'm now going to spend a few minutes to walk you through our financial and operational highlights. And then I'll turn it over to Joe to go into this in more depth. And then, of course, we'll be happy to take your questions.  Starting with the results. As I said, the bottom line performance of the company was exceptional. EPS of $0.29 increased nearly six-fold from $0.05 a year ago. The success was primarily driven by our dramatic increases in OIBDA, which totaled $576 million for the quarter, up 64% and accelerating from last year. As you know, our first quarter last year included the Super Bowl, and this year it did not. Also this year, we shared revenues with Turner Broadcasting for the NCAA Tournament. Even with these factors, revenue was essentially flat at $3.5 billion, and underlying revenue growth at all of our businesses was very strong.  And we are particularly pleased with our free cash flow of $853 million in the first quarter. This is up 29% year-over-year and once again was achieved without the benefit of last year's Super Bowl. It's this healthy free cash flow and the ongoing confidence we have in our businesses that led to our dividend increase today. This increase will be comfortably paid out of the cash flow generated by all of our businesses as will our share repurchase plan that continues into the second quarter.  During the first quarter, we purchased $250 million worth of stock and are on track to repurchase another $250 million this quarter. In all of these key financial metrics, we are very pleased to have been able to outperform during the quarter. And given the ongoing strength of our operations and the moves we made to set them up for continued success in the future, we feel very good about our ability to drive our performance throughout '11 and '12 and beyond.  So now let's take a brief closer look at our businesses. Beginning with our Entertainment segment. The CBS Television Network continues to be number one and the only network to be up in viewers this season. We have success across the board in every genre. We have the number one scripted series, the number one drama, the number one sitcom, the number one news sitcom, the number one news magazine and the number one most-watched scripted series every single night of the week.  As we look into the future, our schedule is set up to succeed for a long time. In addition to the many CBS-owned franchises we'll have returning, we've completed early renewals at good terms for a number of key shows, including The Big Bang Theory, which has been renewed until 2014. We are by far the most stable network in the business, and we are preparing to announce our new fall schedule at Carnegie Hall in a couple of weeks.  Given the success we're having right now, the bar has been set very high for new programming. Even though we'll only have a few spots to fill, I'm very pleased with the pilots I've seen so far, including some very strong projects from CBS Studios. At the same time, primetime scatter in the second quarter is up over 40% over last year's upfront, continuing the 40% gains we have through the first quarter. So between the strength of our programming, our development and the marketplace overall, we expect to see solid double-digit increases when we sell next year's schedule a few weeks from now.  Meanwhile, at CBS News, I'm really pleased with the progress made by Jeff Fager and David Rhodes in such a short time. These guys know how to win and have lots to build on. We just announced that we have a terrific new anchor in Scott Pelley, an extraordinary television journalist who has won multiple Peabody and Emmy Awards. Plus CBS Sunday Morning is getting ratings as good as it has in 4 years, and 60 Minutes continues to roll, finishing in the top 20 week after week.  We were extremely pleased and proud to announce just today that this Sunday, we will have an exclusive with President Obama for his first and only interview on the killing of Osama bin Laden. I'm confident that better content will lead to improved financial results, as Jeff and David take on some of the opportunities we have in front of us in news. I'm really proud of this team.  CBS Sports is also increasing its value to our corporation all the time. Working together with Turner Broadcasting, our coverage of the NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament was the most watched since 2005. Higher ratings and a strong marketplace drove significantly increased sales. And given our greatly reduced cost, the tournament was profitable for us for the first time in many years. This new deal has successfully derisked our financial exposure in this marquee franchise without taking away our upside. And the good news is that we will benefit from this tremendous swing in the value of our new deal well into the next decade.  Throughout the CBS Television Network and broadcast television in general, big event programming continues to pull in viewers unlike any other medium. CBS Sports coverage of the Masters last month was the second highest in a decade. And this year's Grammy broadcast in February had the biggest audience in 11 years with more than 26.5 million viewers.  Broadcast television is still the best game in town. For years, some pundits have tried to say otherwise, but the dominance of broadcast remains universally acknowledged in the marketplace and is here to stay. All of this success results in increased leverage as we negotiate multiple new revenue streams for our content.  As you know, retrans [retransmission] continues to grow at a rapid pace. We are very confident we'll achieve our goal of $250 million by next year. And on top of that, we are also increasingly getting paid reverse compensation from our affiliates. This is another new source of revenue that will grow for many years to come. At the same time, we are capitalizing on all the new opportunities to get paid for CBS content by traditional and online distributors.  Just last month, we sold Hawaii Five-0 to TNT at very attractive rates. Our international and domestic syndication commitments for this show are now nearly $5 million per episode, meaning that it is already extremely profitable. This is only Hawaii Five-0's first year, and it's already on its way to being another $1 billion franchise for us joining NCIS and CSI, which both remain strong on our network as well. Meanwhile, the Netflix deal we announced in February is going to generate hundreds of millions of new dollars as well. Once again, the content in the Netflix deal is for programming that we've already sold elsewhere, meaning it's not cutting into lucrative first and second month syndication dollars. Meaningful revenue from the Netflix deal will kick in beginning in the second quarter. Plus the Netflix deal is U.S. only and non-exclusive. So not only can we sell this programming again domestically, but we will also look to sell the same content online internationally as well. And with competition for Netflix growing all the time, there is a great possibility that several new prudent deals are on the horizon.  Another one of the key ways we're getting paid for our premium content is at CBS Interactive. This division turned in a strong first quarter as well. During the quarter, we brought in a terrific new leader for CBS Interactive in Jim Lanzone. Jim is first and foremost a product guy and is busy working on improving our content across the division. We expect great things from Interactive going forward under Jim's leadership.  Moving to our Cable segment, we continue to see growth in both rates and subscriptions at Showtime and the CBS Sports Network. Showtime leads the way with subs up considerably year-over-year, now totaling above 20 million subscribers.  Original programming continues to drive Showtime's growth. Our new drama, The Borgias, debuted earlier this month and delivered the best ratings for a new drama series in 7 years and has already been picked up for a second season. We are looking forward to new seasons of Shameless, The Big C, Weeds and Dexter as well as a number of new shows.  Our investment in original content and our reduced cost for theatricals have greatly expanded our margins in Cable Networks, something you can really see in our results today. Our Publishing business also performed strongly on the back of great content. Simon & Schuster had 61 New York Times bestsellers during the quarter and won this year's general nonfiction Pulitzer for The Emperor of All Maladies. E-books are growing at a much more rapid pace now, which is good news for us due to the improved cost structure.  First quarter digital sales of $28 million were up 148% over last year, representing our highest quarterly performance to date. Just like in our other businesses, as Publishing continues to evolve, we feel good about our ability to monetize our content however our audience wants to consume it. Now turning to Local Broadcasting. During the quarter, we drove increasing revenues at our TV stations, CBS Radio and the segment as a whole, again despite no Super Bowl and virtually no political advertising. In fact, revenue from the NFL alone was actually up at our TV stations versus a year ago with the Super Bowl. And to be up in an odd numbered year without political advertising is extremely unusual.  The momentum continues to be broad-based. We're selling into this improved advertising marketplace with higher ratings in many of our key major markets. In February, all 16 of our CBS Television Stations ranked number one or number two in primetime and late local news. And the weekly newscast, weekday newscast here in New York at CBS 2 at 11 [CBS 2 News at 11PM] was the most-watched late news in the country. This is the first time since the Winter Olympics in 1994 that WCBS has finished number one in sweeps. And in Radio, 7 of our top 10 markets gained rating shares during the quarter. We're very encouraged by our ability to sell these ratings going forward with second quarter pacings looking solid at our TV and radio stations led once again by major markets.  In addition, we are aggressively looking to grow the overall revenue pie in our Local Broadcasting segment. We have rolled out plans for digital subchannels that will leverage local TV and radio programming, as well as content from our new local websites. We'll start by launching these subchannels in New York and L. A. during the third quarter.  Meanwhile, our major market local websites continue to show growth month after month. CBS local websites ranked number one in total minutes spent each month in the quarter, beating out other regional sites in the category, including Yelp, Yahoo! Local and MSN Local. Our momentum continued at Outdoor as well, and we're now seeing the benefits of our renegotiated trends and contracts in New York and Washington, D. C. Second quarter pacing for Outdoor is rising with U.S. occupancy and rates up considerably over a year ago.  In addition, as the marketplace has recovered, we've been strategically continuing our digital buildout. We're pursuing high-profile installations in major markets while still staying well within the CapEx range we've been giving you.  So you can see we're pretty excited. Across the board, our businesses are performing exceptionally well, both financially and operationally. We have begun 2011 with strong momentum. And there are many, many reasons why we're confident our momentum will continue throughout the year and into '12 and '13 as well.  CBS Studios is building new hits all the time, and the first-place CBS Television Network provides an unparalleled platform to launch new ones. No matter which new platforms come along, advertisers continues to covet the kind of big-ticket programming that we have on CBS. At the same time, we're successfully expanding and diversifying our non-advertising revenue sources. The local ad marketplace continues to grow with major markets like ours leading the way. We're holding down costs and finding every opportunity to enter into better deals all the time. Plus, our balance sheet is stronger than ever, and we're delivering on our promise to return more value to shareholders, including the significant increase in our dividend which we announced today.  It's clearly a very good time to be an investor in CBS, and we have every reason to believe it will be for a long, long time. Thank you very much.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joseph Ianniello: Thanks, Les. Good afternoon, everyone. Today, I will provide you more detail on the results for the quarter and update you on what we're seeing in Q2. But before I walk you through our strong results, I want to point out that we're confident that the performance we're seeing this quarter is sustainable. We're in the early stages of benefiting from the improved long-term deals with many more to come. We are favorably changing our revenue mix, and our visibility into the marketplace is more clear and very promising. This quarter proves that our underlying revenue performance continues to grow, and our operating leverage is significant. We see this momentum continuing.  So now let's look at our total company results for the quarter. Revenues at $3.5 billion were essentially flat with the prior year despite no Super Bowl and including the impact of our new NCAA arrangement with Turner. Taken together, these 2 items lowered the revenue comparison by 10 percentage points.  As we mentioned on last quarter's call, for our new NCAA contract, we only recognize revenues for the games that air on CBS. The underlying base advertising revenues for the company were up double digits for the quarter. Content licensing and distribution revenues were up 4%, and affiliate and subscription fees were up 10%. It's important to note again that these results do not reflect the impact of our new Netflix deal, which starts in Q2.  OIBDA of $576 million was up 64% from the prior year. On a reported basis, OIBDA was up 96% because of $57 million of restructuring charges recognized last year. We have also expanded our OIBDA margin for yet another quarter. The overall margin in the first quarter expanded 650 basis points to 16%, as we continue to enhance our business model with prudent programming investment, derisked contractual obligations and larger contributions from high margin recurring revenue streams. Our Q1 OIBDA margin is expected to be the lowest of the year.  Operating income more than doubled to $437 million for the quarter, once again demonstrating the company's strong operating leverage. Diluted EPS came in at $0.29 compared to $0.05 a year ago. So in addition to our operating profit strength, you can see the direct benefit of lower interest expense due to our delevering activities last year.  Let's turn to our segments. Entertainment revenues for the quarter were $2 billion, down 4%. This decrease in revenue is due to the absence of the Super Bowl and, as I just mentioned, the new way we recognize revenue for the NCAA. Together, these 2 items lowered the segment comparison by 17 points.  Network advertising was up 12% for the quarter led by football. And syndication, both domestically and internationally, was strong.  OIBDA for the Entertainment segment came in at $268 million, up 85% as a result of growth in high margin advertising revenues and lower cost from the revised NCAA agreement. Cable revenues for the quarter were $393 million, up 7%, primarily as a result of subscription and rate increases. Cable OIBDA of $153 million was up 51% for a 39% margin, which is up 12 percentage points from a year ago. The margin in Q1 is traditionally the lowest of the year, so we expect this quarter's 39% margin to expand further. As Les said, you're seeing the benefits of investing in original content, which has a higher margin than theatrical programming.  Publishing revenues of $155 million for the quarter were up 2%, driven by higher digital content sales, as well as strong titles. Digital sales represented 18% of total revenue and more than doubled last year's first quarter. Publishing OIBDA for the quarter of $7 million was up 133%, driven by the change in the revenue mix of higher digital sales, which have lower operating costs than the traditional print business. I'd also like to point out that these results were achieved without shipping product orders during the first quarter.  Local Broadcasting revenues of $621 million were up 2% for the quarter. Radio revenues were up 4% and TV station revenues were up 1%. Three items impacted our TV station comp: the Super Bowl, political and the sale of a station last year, which combined, lowered our comparison by 11 percentage points. The fact that we showed growth despite the absence of the revenue for these related items speaks to the underlying strength of the base business. Local Broadcasting OIBDA was $169 million, up 26% for the quarter.  We continue to expand our margin at this segment, and you can see the effects of the restructuring activities we implemented last year during the quarter. Outdoor revenues for the quarter were up 5% to $413 million, with the Americas up 11% on a constant-dollar basis. Occupancy rates in the U.S. are approaching historical levels, so most of the gains in the quarter came from pricing. With the continued strength in demand and the tighter inventory supply, we are now starting to really see pricing power come back into this business. OIBDA for Outdoor of $49 million increased 53% from prior year's first quarter, as we continue to focus on improving the economics of our long-term contracts.  Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow. Free cash flow came in at $853 million for the quarter, up 29%. This was our second highest quarterly cash flow on record. Capital expenditures were $41 million, flat to the prior year and in line with our full year estimate. Our cash on hand at March 31 was $972 million. As Les said, during Q1, we spent $250 million on our share repurchase program. We retired 11.8 million shares at an average price of just over $21 a share. We expect to spend approximately another $250 million during the second quarter. We also extended our $2 billion credit facility through March of 2015 on more favorable terms, reducing our commitment fees as well as our borrowing spreads.  We are currently examining efficient ways to fund up our pension plan to capitalize on an attractive rate environment. More on that in the coming quarters. As you saw today, we doubled our quarterly dividends starting with the next dividend payable on July 1. We are very comfortable doing this at this time due to our enhanced visibility into our cash flow with new contracts like Comcast, like the NCAA and Netflix, just to name a few, and in our local businesses where our clients are making commitments earlier, so we have a greater lead time in our planning.  Now let me take you through what we're seeing in Q2. The key takeaway for Q2 is that the momentum's continuing. Scatter market at the network remained strong, up 40% above last year's upfront, a very positive sign heading into this year's upfront. Q2 option cancellations remain historically low, given the strength of our schedule and the robust scatter market. TV station's advertising revenues are pacing to be up low single digits even with a more difficult political comp. National advertisers are leading the way. Radio stations are pacing to be up mid-single digits led by auto and retail, both up double digits. Our Outdoor group is currently pacing to be up mid to high single digits.  So to wrap up, we're off to a very strong start in 2011. Our leading position as a premium content provider continues to be the key to our success. The strong advertising momentum we saw exiting Q4 of last year accelerated into Q1 and is sustaining its momentum into Q2. On top of that, visibility, particularly in our local businesses, has returned to pre-recession levels and has enhanced our confidence for those businesses. In addition, we're very excited that our non-advertising revenue streams, such as retrans, affiliate fees, online distribution fees, are significantly adding to the recurring nature of our business and will increasingly drive the growth of our top and bottom line for many years to come.  In short, every single segment of CBS is performing at very high levels. We are very pleased with what we're seeing but even more optimistic for what lies ahead.  With that, Jay, we can open the lines for questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will go first to Jessica Reif-Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: I guess a couple of follow-ups and some comments. First, Les, on your schedule for next year, I know you haven't announced it. But your comment about your own production, I just was wondering if you could clarify, are you taking any shows from third-party producers? Or will most of it come from internally?
Leslie Moonves: Yes. Our philosophy is always the best show makes it on the air. And as you know, we have over 2/3 of the shows are shows that are CBS. But in terms of our pilots, I think once again, it's about 2/3 CBS and 1/3 from other suppliers. So right now we're just screening our pilots, and may the best man win. Obviously, it's the jump ball. The CBS-owned project gets on the air and fortunately, NCIS and CSI and Hawaii Five-0 and The Good Wife and Blue Bloods are all CBS-owned properties. So we not only get the front ends in advertising but the back end as well.
Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then just a last question. On Hawaii Five-0, I just wonder -- I mean, it's incredible that you've had such a big sale and so early. What are the cable networks thinking? I mean, why are they committing so early?
Leslie Moonves: By the way, we had the same situation frankly with NCIS: L.A. if you recall., which we did after only 6 episodes. This one, I think, we waited till there were 12 on the air. Look, it's a competitive marketplace. Quality premium hours are very tough to come by. And there's a bidding war for these types of things going on. So the marketplace is very strong, both internationally which continues to grow, as well as domestically if you have the right kind of hours that aren't serialized that have an action component and that can get this kind of numbers. So it's a great business.
Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: So does that feed the international sales then, if they know that you're going to keep the show on for 3 years?
Leslie Moonves: Look, the international sales are sold fairly early. Right after we announce them on our schedule here, it will continue to feed the pipeline. But Hawaii Five-0 before it even went on the air in the United States got over $2.5 million internationally, and the numbers internationally keep growing.
Operator: We'll go next to Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Les, I think you have a good chunk of the Netflix revenues flowing through the P&L in Q2. And you've talked about -- I think you sold about 7% of your library in that deal. I'm just wondering if you're talking to Netflix about going with them internationally, and also if you expect some time in the not-too-distant future to announce deals with other players like an Amazon or a Google. Google talked about spending on premium content on YouTube on their earnings call. And I think a lot of people out there are thinking there's a lot of interest from new players. I'm just curious if you'd comment there, and I have one follow-up.
Leslie Moonves: The answer to both questions is an absolute yes. We are in very serious discussions with Netflix about doing a deal in Latin America, doing a deal in Canada, and those deals might happen fairly quickly. And in answer to your question about competitors to Netflix, obviously, Amazon is very interested in content, and there are other players who are also having similar discussions to that. So when you look at a Netflix and you say, "Gee, it's great to be in business with them, and they are terrific," and we feel that way about them, there are going to be competitors who are going to pay the same kind of dollars, and we see that across the way. Look, I don't believe that Blockbuster was bought by DISH to be a bunch of stores selling cassettes. I think they're a content place that wants our content. So the more, the merrier. And we're going to continue to produce them, and we're going to be able to sell them. So the world for the premium content providers gets bigger and bigger across the board.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: And just switching gears, Joe, on the TV station business, you talked about second quarter pacings which sound solid. Is that an acceleration in the organic growth from Q1? Because you mentioned the comp in Q1 with the Super Bowl, and political and the station sale. And I know there's some retrans in that 1%. I think there's retrans in that 1% number for Q1. So just looking at if you parse it all, part of look at the organic advertising trend, is that getting better? And if it is, does that tell us that the Japan issues that we're all worried about in the auto side aren't having any material impact yet?
Joseph Ianniello: I would say the strength is continuing. I think on an absolute dollar basis, the numbers might be better because of no Super Bowl. But clearly the political comp is getting tougher. As far as the automotive, I mean obviously we saw today, GM and Chrysler for April sales, GM, up 27%; Chrysler, up 22%. So the U.S. is clearly showing there's demand out there for autos. So I think in Japanese, they've got to get their supply right, which we view as really a short-term blip. But we're pretty bullish on the category in general across our local and national mediums.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Nathanson with Nomura.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: I have just one clarification for Joe, and 2 on the cost side for both you guys. Joe, did you say the network was up 12% led by football? Is that x Super Bowl, x NCAA, just to clarify that?
Joseph Ianniello: Yes, yes, this is x Super Bowl. This is just x NCAA, so kind of apples-to-apples network advertising, up 12%. Obviously Sports, we're leading the way led by the NFL.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: And then on the cost side, let's drill down a bit to local. It looked like your local cost stepped down year-over-year. And I wonder where we're those savings? Which -- what did you guys do differently this year versus last year? And then, do you expect cost to trend down the rest of the way for local?
Joseph Ianniello: Yes, Michael, you've got to remember, when we took a restructuring charge in Q1 of last year, $57 million for the total company. But a big chunk of that was coming from our TV stations and radio stations. So you're seeing the quarterly benefit of those savings. Obviously, they come out of the numbers in the coming quarters because we took the charge last year in the first quarter.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Okay, so a more moderate cost level. And then lastly, if you just look at Entertainment, really mostly TV, if you backed out the NCAA and the Super Bowl on the cost side of TV, what do you think the underlying cost growth is for you guys in the Entertainment segment?
Leslie Moonves: Very low single digits. I think we managed the cost very effectively. So the revenue dollars are really flowing through the profits. We look at that very closely apples-to-apples.
Operator: We'll go next Anthony DiClemente with Barclays Capital.
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital: I just a follow-up on Michael's question about the 12%. How do you see that trending in the Q2, Joe? I mean if it was -- if the core revenue is up 12%, will we be just south of that, just given that core football goes away?
Joseph Ianniello: Well, look. The sports clearly go away. And in Q2, there's clearly more repeats than in Q1. So but again, the base underlying strength is there. But just in absolute dollars, percentages, it might not be the same. But again I think the key takeaway is we're seeing lots of categories continue to drive the growth. And again, since we have the product, it's well, well, well, above last year's upfront, which is really setting us up, as Les and I talk about mostly, is this year's upfront, which is setting us up for next year.
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital: How does the NFL potential work stoppage start to play into the dynamics in the upfront market?
Joseph Ianniello: The upfront marketplace really sort of excludes the NFL. It's sold sort of year-round. And once again, we're guardedly optimistic that there will be some resolution. If there isn't before the upfront, I think it might help the victor. In other words, we expect to be a leader or the leader in the upfront marketplace in terms of growth, in terms of dollars taken in. And if they haven't placed the NFL dollars at that point, we expect to get a piece, a better piece of the pie.
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then one more, just would love to hear drivers of Showtime. That was an impressive sub-growth number.
Joseph Ianniello: Say that again?
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital: Showtime, you picked up 6 million subscribers at Showtime. I thought that was particularly strong. I'm just wondering from your perspective, what really drove that in the quarter?
Joseph Ianniello: Well, it wasn't over the quarter. It was over the year. And frankly, we think we're getting a terrific response to our program. The $6 million Showtime network, it has other things. It has The Movie Channel, et cetera, in there. So Showtime has less than -- exists in over 20 million homes. It didn't grow $6 million. So Showtime revenue grew 7%, and it's both rate and subscriptions, Anthony. So there's clearly being -- there's more distribution in Showtime, but again, our other ancillary networks as well.
Michael Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC: Got you.
Operator: We'll go next to John Janedis with UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank: Les, can you talk a little bit more about online distribution? Meaning, how do you view the strategy of the distributors longer term? And so as the current yields get renegotiated in 4 or 5 years from now, would you expect the appetite for content broadly to increase or maybe due to consumption patterns or learnings from the OBDs as they potentially look to maybe renew the content on a much smaller scale?
Leslie Moonves: As there are more and more competitors getting into the marketplace, and our attitude is and it's proven to be the case in time and memoriam, if you have the good content, people are going to want to buy it. It is true they want to see it when they want it, and you've heard that clich, "I want my content when I want it and however I can get it." And when you look at the Amazon TVs and the Google TVs and the Yahoo! TVs, they are all going to be looking for premium content. So as we go down the road, there's going to be more and more competition for it. Will the dollars be there? We expect it to be. It has never gone down in terms of that. So we're confident that it will continue to grow.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Morris with Davenport.
Michael Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC: Two questions. First, I'm hoping you can share a little more about your thoughts into the upfront and specifically, the comments of solid double digits obviously, you also have great momentum. I mean, 40%-plus in the scatter market. So I guess my thought is, how much inventory -- do you hold any more back as you go into the upfront given -- I just don't know where solid double digits are relative to the 40%. And at what point do you look to kind of continue to maybe capitalize on those premiums next year that you can get in the scatter market versus maybe what you're going to be able to achieve in the upfront this year?
Leslie Moonves: It's a very good question. We will sit down with our sales team as the market begins to evolve, and we feel very strong about our schedule. We will feel strong about our schedule. We haven't set it yet, but knowing that we are only going to replace a few shows. And we're going to look at a very solid increase. And as the marketplace evolves, we feel confident that the scatter will be strong. However, if the upfront dollars are where they should be, obviously, you'll sell more of it. It's always the risk reward factor. But any way you play the game, we're in very, very good shape. You're right. As you're sitting here, May 2, with 40% increase going on in scatter, you know when people are buying in June, they're going to be looking at that. So I think advertisers that didn't buy it at the upfront last year are kicking themselves because they are paying substantially more today than they were yesterday. How much we sell? It'll depend how much they want to pay. So it's going to be a question that we will ask. We have sold over the last 5 years anywhere from 65% to 80%. So it will be somewhere in that range.
Michael Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC: Okay, great. And then over on Outdoor, it sounds like -- the comment with that you're starting to see pricing power come back, and I'm hoping maybe you can talk a little bit more about that, just given that maybe some other Outdoor advertisers, it seems that they've started to struggle a little bit. Maybe you can -- I know you're in bigger markets, but is it just too early to judge the pricing power here? Or what are you kind of seeing there going forward?
Joseph Ianniello: Michael, it's Joe. What I would say, maybe they're in just smaller markets than we're in. Again, we're not seeing that at all, and we're seeing clearly the benefits from the other local medium, their pricing. As they're raising their pricing, people are coming into Outdoor again. We're seeing them with longer lead times. So now that the inventory is at historical levels in terms of the sellout, we're really trying to push the price. And we're just, again -- we're in this kind of second inning of that to see that benefit. So it's a little too early to tell how far we can push it. But there's clearly a lot of upside from where we sit today.
Operator: We'll go next to David Miller with Caris & Company.
David Miller - Caris & Company: Just kind of a loaded question for either of you with regard to mergers and acquisitions. And I know you're somewhat hamstrung by how you can comment on this. But clearly, the notion of JCDecaux sort of expanding its U.S. footprint is obviously nothing new. We've been hearing about this for 3 years now. Previous rumors of pending deals have just turned out to be massive head takes. That being said, you guys have stated for the record many times that Outdoor is sort of non-cored operations. So could you comment -- against that backdrop, could you maybe comment on a couple things? First of all, is the London tube platform also non-core? And then could you just comment on the tax basis of the Outdoor business in general?
Leslie Moonves: Yes, I'll talk about the first part. Mr. Decaux, who we know very well, and we like, and makes statements about how he'd like to buy our Outdoor company. As you know, our Outdoor results, as you can see, are growing substantially quarter-after-quarter. We have no great intent to sell it. We like it. Yes, we do consider ourselves primarily a content company. But Outdoor is a wonderful business. We are here. He has our phone number. If he wants to make an offer, well, we'll always listen to it. It's not our intent to aggressively sell. He said some very bold statements, and I think the Clear Channel guys sort of took a shot at some of his statements. But we like Mr. Decaux talking up how good our business is, and we agree with him.
Joseph Ianniello: And David, it's Joe. And I'd just add that when he does call over, remind him that the earnings are up 53%. So if ever he's -- multiply it by -- plus 3. We're not going to come up on our tax basis, David. But other than, we have a lot of basis, so we've got a lot of financial flexibility. And we do have a tough contract in the London Underground. Two things I'd say is, one, that contract comes to an end in early 2015; and two, there's an Olympics there next year. So we're looking for some real upside in 2012.
Operator: We'll go next to Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: So Les, typically right now advertisers are lining up starting the early deals. And it gives you a peek at what pricing might look like. Any early pre-upfront deals being talked?
Leslie Moonves: There have been a couple, which my head of sales told me that I can't talk about. So I won't. But needless to say, any deal that we would have taken in April would be at a very, very good number, which gives me great confidence heading into the upfront.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: And then given your comments on the difficulty of gaining a show on the CBS. There's a few holes in the schedule, right? I'm wondering if you could take advantage of having more shelf space to put more TV shows on the air. Is there any strategic synergy to owning a cable network or starting up a cable network for that matter?
Leslie Moonves: The start-ups are virtually impossible on the price of what the cable networks would want. I mean, by the way, we do have the programming. As a matter of fact, we thought of buying another broadcast network. But I don't think the government would allow us because we do have a great deal of programming. But it's great because of our pilots, number one, we were able to do less pilots this year by about 6 or 7 that we'd normally do. And the bar is really high because of that shelf space, so it's a very good position to be in.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: And then lastly, Joe, given the schedule starting to take shape, and you made some comments about the pricing of returning shows. What are you looking at for the cost base for the network next year? Is it going to grow a few percentage points?
Joseph Ianniello: We don't see that -- we look at that flat, Doug. Again, year-over-year, we're paying top dollar for the shows. We don't see why that goes up. We look at that strategically. On every schedule we put up, I sit there with the numbers on a per episodic basis. So we expect that to be flat.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: Now when you say flat, you're talking about the Entertainment programming piece because the sports always has whatever, 3% or 4% amortization.
Joseph Ianniello: I'm talking about the Entertainment. Sports and News, hopefully we have some savings. And Sports will be what it will be.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: Well, sports advertising is growing fast. You know that already. So you basically just need revenue growth on the Entertainment side to drive profit, is that right?
Joseph Ianniello: Correct.
Operator: We'll go next to Laura Martin with Needham & Company.
Laura Martin - Needham & Company, LLC: Could you talk about Two and a Half Men on the schedule? There's been a lot of chatter that you guys are talking about renewing it and are maybe not renewing it. What are the economic implications of bringing Two and a Half Men back or not without Charlie Sheen presumably? And then on the margin, one of the things as I recall from last quarter, Joe, is that you said you were going to hit -- exceed peak margins. And given that the first quarter, you grew 650 basis points. So I assume you're on track to do better than that. Can we model an even higher margin than we did last quarter?
Leslie Moonves: On Two and a Half Men, Laura, we don't know what the resolution is right now. There are obviously a lot of moving pieces. Warner Bros. is exploring different ideas on how to do the show. So we're sort of waiting on them. It's an important show to us. But the good news about the CBS schedule is we are not dependent on a single show on any single night of the week. So we will see what happens, and I can't really say a whole lot more than that. Joe?
Joseph Ianniello: Laura, on the margin point, clearly, again we said at our last quarter's earnings call, we said it at our investor upfront that to expect margin expansion. You've seen that today. We laid out a plan to -- for no reason why we can't meet or exceed peak margins. And again, you're just going to continue to see that quarter-after-quarter. So we're well on our way to achieving or exceeding those targets.
Operator: We'll go next to David Joyce of Miller Tabak.
David Joyce - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC: I just was hoping you could provide some more color on how we should think about modeling free cash flow, it was up 29%. Is there any draw-forward from what we would have normally been expecting in the second quarter? Then secondarily on Netflix, how should we expect that to be phasing in? Or is it a fixed rate contract or per-subscriber contract?
Joseph Ianniello: Okay, again, it's Joe. Free cash flow, look, we obviously don't give guidance on free cash flow. Traditionally, Q1 is the highest of the quarter. Q2 is also a very strong quarter. So you can expect to see that. We've also said we expect to fund our share repurchase program as well as our dividend out of free cash flow, so that gives you some nice kind of indication. So we're feeling pretty good about our free cash flow prospects. As far as Netflix goes, the way we recognize the revenue is when we make those shows available to Netflix, it is not all in one quarter but it does -- a significant portion does start in Q2. But again, like I said, it's when we choose to make those shows available to them is when we recognize the revenue. So it will be over a period of time. But again, the biggest cost starting in Q2.
David Joyce - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC: And also on the timing of expenses with the NCAA, is that also based on a per game, is that a pro rata perspective like your revenue?
Joseph Ianniello: No, on a pro rata -- the deal we have with Turner is, again, it's no surprise that our downside is capped, and the upside is split. So again, that's what you're seeing in the results in the margin. So that will continue obviously in the second quarter. The Final Four games were all on CBS and not on Turner, so there's no revenue comp issue. But we're very pleased with the performance of the tournament as a whole and the financial results as well.
Operator: Our final question comes from Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Just a quick question. Can you update us on reverse retrans? You threw out a $225 million number at your investor upfront, so curious as to first, your progress and then second, the time frame you expect to capture this entire revenue stream. And then I have one follow-up.
Joseph Ianniello: Marci, it's Joe. Look, that $225 million is obviously -- we did the math on $0.25 a sub there, which was again just by ease of math, 50% of the retrans number. We have about 180 of those contracts to negotiate. So we're in the early stages. And as we said in the coming years, you should look for that number to grow significantly similarly to retrans. So it's incremental. It's all 100% dollar profits, so I think it's good news for 2013, '14 and '15.
Leslie Moonves: And the $0.25 number is a little low.
Joseph Ianniello: It was illustrative, the $0.25 number just to get a negotiation.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And then my follow-up is, in your local segment, how much of the growth is from digital versus core advertising?
Joseph Ianniello: Most of that's coming from core advertising. The digital still represents as a percentage basis a very small kind of piece. It is growing clearly at a faster clip. But still to move the needle, it's a -- top line is $621 million for a quarter. So we have a lot of upside on the digital side.
Joseph Ianniello: And this concludes today's call. Thank you, everyone, for joining us. Have a great evening.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-16 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Sumner Redstone - Founder and Executive Chairman Leslie Moonves - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President of Investor Relations Joseph Ianniello - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: James Goss - Barrington Research Associates, Inc. Michael Meltz - JP Morgan Chase & Co Michael Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch Laura Martin - Needham & Company, LLC Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital Alexander Paris - Barrington Research Associates, Inc. Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC David Miller - Caris & Company Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to the CBS Corporation Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year End 2010 Earnings Release Conference. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Executive Vice President and Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead, sir.
Adam Townsend: Thank you, Lisa. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2010 earnings call. Joining me for today's discussion are Sumner Redstone, our Executive Chairman; Leslie Moonves, President and CEO; Joe Ianniello, Executive Vice President and CFO. Sumner will have opening remarks and will the call over to Les and Joe, who will discuss the strategic and financial results. We will then open the call up to questions. Please note that during today's conference call, financial results and comparisons, with the exception of revenue, will be discussed on an adjusted basis unless otherwise specified. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found in our earnings release or on our website. In addition, statements on this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's news releases and securities filings. A webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can be found on the Investors section of our website at cbscorporation.com. With that, it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Sumner.
Sumner Redstone: Thank you, Adam. Good afternoon, everyone. I thank you for being with us today. Now I'm not given to all the stations, but the performance of CBS this year was nothing less than sensational. What an extraordinary finish to an extraordinary year. Every single division improved on its performance and Leslie's team, as usual, they did everything right. Our strength lies in our extraordinary content and CBS' content leads in every single area where CBS competes: On the network, which is yet again ranked one; on all the global markets where people watch our hit programming on our major market TV and Radio. Nationwide and on our top global websites, CBS has the content that by far leads its competitors, the content that audience want most, and that content and our performance get better and better and better. We saw it in the 2010 results. We're seeing it continue in 2011 today, and I am certain we'll keep seeing it for years to come and it will be never, never-ending. The winning streak for CBS is bound to continue under the great management team, and it is a great management team, led by Les Moonves. So let's now hear from my very close friend, CBS' CEO, Les. And Les, I congratulate you.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you very much, Sumner, and good afternoon, everybody. Thank you for joining us. I'm very pleased to discuss our fourth quarter results with you today, results that capped a tremendous 2010 and speak to the momentum we saw throughout the year and are now seeing this year as well. Every one of our businesses grew during the quarter, with solid revenue increases and double-digit OIBDA growth across all of the company's operating segments. Our success continues to come primarily from the performance of our content and the increasing demand we're seeing for that content in an improving economic marketplace, locally, nationally and internationally.  Today's very strong fourth quarter results closed out a terrific year which we have consistently delivered on our promises. We've capitalized on the sharp increase in advertising, while at the same time continuing to diversify and de-risk our business model by building profitable secondary revenue streams that don't depend on advertising. We've prudently managed both our cost structure and our balance sheet and at the same time, delivered more value to our shareholders. And through a number of long-term strategic deals throughout the company, we've set up CBS for a very bright future, one in which we are ideally positioned for continued growth this year and beyond. Not only was it a very good quarter and year, but given the growing value of our content, the trends we see in our businesses and the media landscape as a whole, we expect these results to continue for a long, long time. Before I turn it over to Joe and we take your questions, I'm going to spend a few minutes to walk you through our financial and operational highlights, beginning with our full year and fourth quarter results. Our revenue for 2010 of $14.1 billion was up 8%, and quarterly revenues of $3.9 billion was up 11%, once again speaking to our building momentum throughout the year. 2010 OIBDA of $2.4 billion was up 32% and fourth quarter OIBDA of $770 million was up 32% as well, illustrating our ability to turn increasing revenue into even better profits. And most importantly, EPS for the year was $1.11, up 102% from 2009, and fourth quarter EPS of $0.46 was up 77% from last year's fourth quarter. CBS also drew up $1.45 billion in free cash flow in 2010, up 75% from our total in 2009.  So as you can see, in every single key measure, we had a remarkable quarter and a remarkable year. Plus we had an OIBDA margin of 20% in the fourth quarter, three percentage points higher than last year's quarter, and we are confident we will deliver even better margins in 2011 by continuing to manage our expenses, growing our secondary revenue streams and realizing better economics from our recent Comcast and NCAA deals. And going forward, we are positioned to exceed peak margin levels within the next couple of years. Finally, last month, we began executing on our $1.5 billion share buyback program. It is going very well, and we are pleased to be continuing our commitment of returning value to our shareholders. So clearly, we are in great financial shape across-the-board.  Now let's take a quick look at some fourth quarter highlights throughout our businesses. Beginning with our Entertainment segment, where fourth quarter revenue was up 11% and OIBDA was up 31%. At the CBS Television Network, ad revenue was up more than 8%, with Primetime and Sports performing particularly well. We're having a terrific 2010, 2011 season. We are the leading network by a lot once again, and the margin continues to grow. CBS was the only network to successfully launch its entire new fall lineup, and three of our new series, Blue Bloods, Hawaii Five-0 and Mike & Molly are the top three new shows of the season. At the same time, our returning shows continued to dominate. For example, number one ranked drama, NCIS, just broke another series record, attracting nearly 23 million viewers to a show that's now in its eighth season.  Looking ahead to next season, we could almost play a pass hand. There could be very little change necessary in our schedule because we have so many successful programs. One thing is for sure, any new show that does make it onto our schedule is going to have to be pretty extraordinary. This means reduced cost for development, reduced cost for promotion, et cetera, et cetera. Having the number one schedule also is helping us lead the way in the scatter market, which was extremely hot in the fourth quarter and continues to be even hotter through the first with prices 40% over upfront. So looking ahead to May and June, you've got a pretty good idea where pricing is heading in this year's upfront. In Sports, our programming is also being sold into a very strong marketplace, with pricing significantly higher than a year ago and our ratings growth is a terrific story too. The NFL on CBS was up 10% this year, the highest viewer average in 23 years. And the AFC Championship game between the Jets and the Steelers delivered nearly 55 million viewers, the highest total in the game's history. And we are soon gearing up for the NCAA Mens Basketball tournament, where we and our new partners at Turner have virtually sold out inventory already at very favorable pricing. Our deal with Turner de-risked our exposure in this terrific property without taking away our offsite. As a result, we have a very profitable deal over the next 14 years.  Last week, we also made some management moves that will have a positive effect on our Sports and News division. CBS Sports programming obviously means more and more to our corporation all the time, so we took Sean McManus' real passion, has always been sports, and allowed him to focus all of his time growing that division. At the same time, we took Jeff Fager, a universally admired journalist who has been running the critically and ratings-acclaimed 60 Minutes, the most successful news program in history, and put him in charge of CBS News. In doing these moves, we have significantly strengthened both organizations.  Finally, at the network, the Grammy Awards on Sunday delivered its highest audience in 10 years with more than 26.5 million viewers. Just like in sports, big-ticket events continue to show ratings growth, proving once again that broadcast television is the best game in town. Meanwhile, throughout the rest of our Entertainment segment, we continue to grow our non-advertising revenues well. Content licensing, global syndication and retransmission consent are becoming increasingly important as the broadcast model evolves in CBS's favor. Let me address a few of our accomplishments in these areas during the quarter now. Starting with syndication which continues to be strong for us. During the quarter, we sold the second cycle of CSI, which was a key driver in the company's content licensing and distribution fees, which grew by 21%. In addition, we continue to benefit from selling new shows overseas, thanks to an exploding international marketplace. All three of our new dramas this year, Hawaii Five-0, Blue Bloods and The Defenders were profitable before we aired a single episode in the United States. The current seasons of all three of these shows are now being monetized in more than 200 markets. Our three CSIs, in addition to our two NCIS', all CBS-owned shows, consistently ranked as top programs in markets around the world. And thanks to more channels being offered by international distributors, our presence on top 10 lists in emerging markets is growing all the time. At the same time, our new international channel in the U.K., India and Australia are already steadily increasing their audiences. These channels are allowing us to build our brand internationally and establish demand for our content in new growing markets. And of course, the rapid growth of retrans also continues to diversify our revenue base. We beat our full year target of $100 million by a nice margin and we're working on new deals all the time.  And finally, in the world of new media, we continued to be well positioned to capitalize on the competition for our premium content. There is clearly tremendous demand for network programming from all of the online video distributors coming to market. As you know, we've been very judicious about the ways in which we grow this new revenue stream. We will continue to look to do non-exclusive deals that provide recurring revenue and are incremental to the big picture. Speaking of new media, CBS Interactive turned in a very strong fourth quarter as well, with display advertising revenues up 18% year-over-year. CBS.com has now been the number one TV network website for 25 straight months in terms of unique viewers. At the same time, more and more advertisers are buying across both TV and the web, and we're seeing this virtuous circle reflected in our results. CBS Interactive continues to grow our presence across mobile platforms as well. We produced more than 40 apps for iPads and other tablets during the year, each of which generate revenue for us, and we've doubled the page views across our mobile sites and apps versus 2009. Our Entertainment segment also includes CBS Films, which had a good showing these last few weeks with the release of The Mechanic. The film opened well, and, most importantly, will be profitable for us. Once again, we are slowly going into this business. We've done four small films so far. We've got our toe in the water, and we like where we stand right now. Moving to our Cable Network segment, we had a solid finish to 2010. Fourth quarter revenue was up 6%. OIBDA was up 10% with the margin of 46%. Showtime subs continue to grow, and we ended the year at just under 20 million subscribers, so we've closed the gap considerably with our top competitor, and we have plenty of growth left ahead of us. In fact, 2010 marked the seventh straight year of annual growth in subscribers for Showtime. Showtime's original programming continues to be the catalyst for our growth. The most recent seasons of Dexter, Weeds were their highest yet, and newer shows like Nurse Jackie and The Big C have become new hits for us as well. This quarter, we gave you Shameless starring William H. Macy. Shameless launched to Showtime's best numbers ever for a freshman drama and six weeks in, continues to outperform every new show we've ever premiered with viewership rising every single week.  In Publishing, revenues for the fourth quarter were up 5% year-over-year and OIBDA was up 32%. Like our other businesses, it's leading content that's driving our growth. And also like our other businesses, Digital is an increasingly important part of our results. Sales of Simon & Schuster e-books were up 160% for the year in 2010, and we had a terrific holiday season. All the people who got e-readers for Christmas needed to buy books to load them. The week after Christmas, we sold electronic versions of 78% of the books in our entire digital catalog, showing the breadth of titles that are now being bought in this new format. We continue to digitize our library. We're now approaching 10,000 titles, demonstrating once again that great content endures and we can monetize it forever.  Turning to Local Broadcasting. This business built on its momentum throughout 2010, producing its best results of the year in the fourth quarter and the best segment performance in the entire company. Revenue was up 21% with Television Stations, advertising revenue up 20% in Television Stations, and Radio ad revenue up 14%. At the same time, Local Broadcasting OIBDA increased 43% year-over-year, and our OIBDA margin was 39%, up six percentage points from last year's quarter. Political advertising certainly contributed to our results, but the resurgence in local advertising was the story here. In fact, given the intense demand we're seeing from local advertisers before the election, we could've taken the inventory results of the candidates and sold them in the open market at very attractive pricing.  Momentum continues at Outdoor as well. Fourth quarter revenue was up 6%, as the advertising market there continued to improve as well. OIBDA increased 22% year-over-year on higher revenues and a lower cost structure. We see ongoing improvement in this business, and as the market has recovered, we have strategically resumed our digital build-out pursuing some high-profile installations in major cities like New York and Washington, D.C., while we still stay well within our CapEx guidance.  So as you can see, every one of our businesses contributed to our best results of the year in the fourth quarter. We're confident it will drive our success going forward as well. We finished 2010 on a high, and we've been busy laying the groundwork for an even better 2011 and 2012. We have every reason to believe we will build on our success, and here is why. The CBS Television Network continues to build hits and provide an unparalleled platform to launch new ones. Advertisers are recognizing this with extraordinary pricing in the scatter market and it will pay off in this year's upfront as well. The success of our own shows continues to grow. That means we can keep getting paid for today's hits for many, many years to come. At the same time, we're growing retrans and affiliate compensation at a very healthy rate, and the CBS Television Network has become a true dual revenue stream business. The local ad marketplace continues its broad-based recovery. Our 2011 outlook for local business is very optimistic, even without the Super Bowl or political. On the cost side, we continue to watch our operations closely and improve contracts so more revenues now fall through the bottom line. Plus, our balance sheet is stronger than ever, and we'll save about $90 million in interest costs annually following all of our debt actions last year. And finally, we're delivering on our promise to return more value to shareholders.  I mentioned earlier that we started our share buyback in January on schedule. As the economic recovery continues, and as our businesses keep generating healthy free cash flow, we remain committed to returning value to our shareholders going forward. Thank you, and with that, I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joseph Ianniello: Thanks, Les, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll provide some more detail on the results for the quarter and full year and update you on what we're seeing in 2011. I'll start with our total company results for the quarter. Our 11% revenue growth for the quarter can be broken down as follows: Advertising revenue was up 12%, reflecting the continued strong ad market both locally and nationally. Content licensing and distribution was up 21%, driven by strong domestic and international syndication sales. Fourth quarter affiliate and subscription fees were up 1% due to the impact of a one-time reclassification in the prior year. To give you some color on the underlying growth within this category, Cable affiliate revenue was up 7%, and retrans revenue up nearly 50%. So for the full year 2010, affiliate and subscription fees were up 9%, which is much more indicative of the performance going into 2011. As Les said, OIBDA of $770 million was up 32% from the prior year. This quarter, we are adjusting for $15 million of restructuring activities, as well as a $44 million charge for the early extinguishment of debt that we discussed on our last call. You will see the benefits of these actions in 2011. During Q4 of 2009, we also had restructuring charges of $13 million and impairment charges of $186 million. So clearly, our reported results were up significantly more than our adjusted results we're discussing here. We expanded our OIBDA margin for the fifth consecutive quarter to 20%. Meanwhile, operating income was up 45% for the quarter, and diluted EPS came in at $0.46, up 77% from the prior year.  Let's quickly recap our full year results, which speak to the continued strength of our businesses. Total company revenue was up 8%, OIBDA was up 32%, operating income up 49%, and diluted EPS of $1.11, up 102%. This operating leverage demonstrates the strong flow-through of high-margin advertising and affiliate revenues, and our continued cost efforts remain. Turning to our five segments. Entertainment revenue of $2 billion was up 11% for the quarter, driven by content license fees from both domestic and international syndication. Advertising revenue also grew sharply, with network advertising up 8% due to solid pricing gains in Primetime and Sports. Top categories included Automotive and Financial Services. Fourth quarter scatter pricing was upwards of 35% above upfront pricing. OIBDA for the Entertainment segment came in at $249 million, up 31%, driven by the strong revenue performance. At Cable Networks, revenues of $368 million for the quarter was up 6%, primarily as a result of increases in both subs and rates.  Cable OIBDA of $169 million was up 10%, which is a 46% margin for the quarter. Due to the timing of expenses, we always look at the margin on a full year basis, which came in at 39%, up from 34% in 2009. We expect to continue to expand our margin in 2011 while investing more in original content, where we retain more rights and thus more profits. Publishing revenue of $232 million was up 5%, driven by higher digital content sales, as well as strong title sales in the quarter. Digital content represented 10% of total Publishing revenue in Q4 of this year versus 5% in the prior year, and we expect this will continue to grow in 2011. Publishing OIBDA of $20 million for the quarter was up 32%, driven by the change in the revenue mix and our continued aggressive cost containment measures, partially offset by a higher provision for doubtful accounts relating to the border situation. We have been monitoring this closely for some time and have reduced our receivable exposure to a minimal amount as of December 31. Local Broadcasting revenue of $822 million was up 21% for the quarter. TV Station advertising was up 28%, and Radio ad revenue was up 14%. Political advertising contributed to the growth; however, the increased local demand was impressive. For example, oil, retail and financial services were all up in the teens for the quarter. Even with this growth, the overall spend of major categories is still off by more than 20% from 2007 spend levels, leaving us plenty of room to grow. Local Broadcasting OIBDA was $322 million, up 43% for the quarter. As Les mentioned, the margin at this segment hit 39% this quarter, the highest since the fourth quarter of 2006. As you can see our disciplined cost containment, we can achieve historical margins.  Outdoor revenue for the quarter was up 6% to $511 million. In constant dollars, the Americas and Europe combined grew 9%, with the Americas leading the way with revenue growth of 13%, driven by higher occupancy rates and the onset of better pricing. As expected, we are now seeing more dollars float to this business as the recovery continues. OIBDA for Outdoor of $101 million increased 22% from prior year's fourth quarter as we continue to focus on restructuring our business model. We expect healthy margin expansion at this segment in 2011 as well. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow. Free cash flow came in at $40 million for the quarter, which included a discretionary pre-funding of our pension plan of $167 million. For 2010, free cash flow was $1.45 billion, up 75% from prior year. CapEx for the full year came in at $284 million, right within our guidance range of $250 million to $300 million. We've used this year's cash flow primarily to strengthen our balance sheet, reducing debt by $1.4 billion and pre-funding our pension plans. Our cash on hand at the end of the year was $480 million. As you know, in January, we initiated our $1.5 billion share buyback program, and it is well underway. We will update you on the activity for Q1 with our first quarter results. But as we have said previously, we expect to complete this program in about 18 months. Looking into 2011, here's what we're seeing. Starting with our advertising trends for Q1. As Les mentioned, the scatter market pricing at the network is robust, up 40% above last year's upfront, which is a very positive sign for this year's upfront. Online display advertising is expected to be up in the teens. TV Stations' advertising revenues are pacing to be flat, even with the difficult comp of no Super Bowl or political advertising, meaning our base business strength is offsetting both these prior-year events. Radio stations are pacing to be up low- to mid-single digits. Our Outdoor group is currently pacing to be up mid- to high-single digits on a constant-dollar basis, again led by Americas pacing up double digits. For the first quarter, there are two specific items to be aware of for comparison purposes: first is Super Bowl, and second, our new NCAA contract. Obviously, we didn't have the Super Bowl in Q1 2011, which will impact our year-over-year growth rates at both the Entertainment and Local Broadcasting segments. With respect to the new NCAA agreement, we will only recognize revenue associated with the games that air on CBS and not the games that air on Turner Networks. As a result, we expect a reduction in revenue in Q1 versus the prior year, but you will also see a greater reduction in expenses, which will drive higher profits and a significant margin expansion for both the Entertainment segment as well as the company. Looking at the full year 2011. As we said on our last call, we expect to improve our profits and continue our margin expansion trend. We're estimating CapEx for 2011 to continue to be in the range of $250 million to $300 million for the third consecutive year. With this lowered CapEx, depreciation will continue to trend down slightly, but the bigger benefit will be realized in a few years from now. Interest expense and cash payments for interest will be down considerably year-over-year because of lower debt levels. Our effective tax rate for 2011 is expected to be approximately 39%, which is comparable to 2010. So in conclusion, we are more excited about the future growth prospects of CBS than ever before. We've made long-term changes to our operating cost model, and the structural changes to our revenue mix are real and meaningful. With lower polls on cash from our debt obligations, we are focused on returning value to our shareholders now and in the future.  With that, Lisa, we can open up the lines.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Jessica Reif-Cohen with BofA Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: Les, as you think about the changing landscape and your positive commentary about secondary revenue and trends, can you talk a little bit about content monetization, how you're thinking about things like Netflix or Avalon's new streaming service? What windows will you sell your content to? How much of an opportunity is it for CBS?
Leslie Moonves: Jessica, we obviously spend a lot of time talking about this, and there are a lot of new platforms out there, and it's a topic of conversation among many companies, and different companies have different attitudes towards it. Advertising on our network is our number one priority, and secondary is the syndication valuable domestic and internationally, which are all in the numbers of billions of dollars. We are looking at some of these platforms, and we're determining what will augment those two forms of revenue, first and foremost, without in any way hurting what we're doing. Our syndication operation is at full tilt, and obviously, with this kind of upfront, as well as scatter marketplace, the numbers that are coming into the network are truly remarkable. So we're not going to do anything to damage that. At the same token, we have the largest television library in the world. So we have many assets and many ways of looking at things. So what's great about these assets, we're still selling I Love Lucy along with CSI. So we're looking at these new platforms, and on a case-by-case basis, we're judging what will help us and what won't hurt the core business and what won't hurt the family jewels. The great news is all these platforms want and need our content, and they're offering us phenomenal deals and we will make some of these deals.
Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then just on Radio, you guys are way outperforming the market. Is that all from your ratings or format changes? And can you talk about what your top 10 markets did in terms of revenue growth in the fourth quarter?
Leslie Moonves: I'll take the first half, and I'll give the second half to Joe. Yes, we changed the formats in 25 Radio stations. In 23 of them, their ratings are up at least double digits. So Dan Mason and his team have done a remarkable job of changing it. We've straightened out the cost structure. We've restructured our Radio groups, and they're just performing at a remarkable rate, and as you said, they've outperformed the marketplace, and that's partially from programming and partially because of efficiency.
Joseph Ianniello: Yes, and Jessica, it's Joe. The top 10 are definitely leading the way in terms of the revenue growth. So again, total group was up 14%, so you should just assume the top 10 performed better than that.
Operator: And for our next question we'll go to Anthony DiClemente with Barclays Capital.
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital: From a big picture standpoint, it feels as though TV has got a tremendous amount of momentum, and the ad dollars are coming in the door at a very robust rate. I'm just wondering, from your seat guys, if you could comment on how much of this is share shift from other forms of media? And if you just kind of give us an update on Television advertising's place within the overall U.S. advertising landscape? So how much of it is really the pie growing versus TV's piece of the pie growing within it? That would be great to hear, kind of an updated perspective.
Joseph Ianniello: Anthony, it's Joe. Look, it's probably a combination of both. Clearly, obviously, there was a recession a couple of years ago, so I think the total pie is growing. But I do think there is a share shift in the Television category, whether it's coming from print and other kind of advertising category. So that section is growing, and we're taking share within that category. So again, its content that's performing is growing and they're getting the incremental dollars and you're seeing that. So I think there's truth to both of that.
Leslie Moonves: In addition, once again, content remains so important, and the big events are so important. So you look across the landscape, every network that had the NFL did extraordinarily well. Those numbers were way up. Every major event over the last year, the Academy Awards, the Grammys, et cetera, have all done exceedingly better than the previous year. American Idol is not dying, as people predicted it would. Network Television is still unbelievably strong, it never went away. All the doomsayers about, "Oh, the new media's going to take away." New media's great. It augments broadcast, but broadcast is still the place where you can reach 111 million people.
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital: One more on the topic of new media, which would be -- you did mention in your prepared remarks that online display ads were up in the mid-teens. I'm just wondering, can you give us an update on what percentage is total network ad revenues that would represent? And sort of order of magnitude of how much of the growth that online display is driving?
Leslie Moonves: Yes, it's very small. Obviously, the segment just for the quarter's total revenue is $2 billion. So network, we said network advertising was up 8% and the total revenue for this segment was up 11%. So that gives you a sense of the size, and obviously, we've been reporting historically the Interactive revenue for a full year basis in the $600 million range on a full year basis. So again, it's not driving it. It's certainly growing faster, but network advertising is by far driving the shift.
Operator: And for our next question we'll go to Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: So Les, some of your peers in the Broadcast business are taking the make goods and pushing them off to the June quarter because the first quarter ad market's so strong. Are you seeing that impact your ad sales, the fact that others are opening up extra inventory?
Leslie Moonves: Doug, without patting ourselves on the back, our ratings are the highest, and we haven't done one make good this entire season. The scatter is coming in. Our sales department calls us every day asking us to yank promos and put the ads in there. So the marketplace was extremely strong in fourth quarter, as we said in mid-30s. It's higher in the first quarter. We view strength all the way along. When you look at 40% higher than only six months ago, that's a pretty significant number.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: Well, it looks like 2Q will be even tighter than 1Q now, with more make good delivery in Q2, and I'm trying to remember a better upfront setup than this year, and I can't, so...
Leslie Moonves: Nor can I. This is going to be pretty good.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: Well, I wanted to see how bold you were today and see if you wanted to predict 10% [ph]...
Leslie Moonves: My sales department gets mad at me when I predict numbers in May, so I'm not going to do it in February.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: Les, did I hear the Radio pacings right? Did you say low- to mid-single digits for the first quarter?
Leslie Moonves: That's correct, Doug.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: And is that a pretty reasonable pace? How do you feel about that as you look out through the year?
Leslie Moonves: We feel pretty good. Obviously, I'd love to have better longer-term visibility, but the other bullish sign you can take away from this is advertisers are booking earlier, so we're getting a little bit more visibility. So we feel pretty good about that range.
Operator: And for our next question we'll go to Michael Morris with Davenport.
Michael Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC: Two questions. First of all, with respect to the syndication pipeline in the coming year and the contribution you got from the content in the fourth quarter, can you help us understand how much that contributed to EBITDA in Entertainment in the fourth quarter, the growth that you had there? And given that the business can be kind of lumpy, what should our expectation be for the coming year? And then just quickly over on Cable, can you give us an update on what the costs are going to look like in the coming year? Just, I guess refresh me on where you are in purchases of original films and whether the contract rolling off there will lower your cost year-over-year?
Joseph Ianniello: Look, the syndication, what we sold with the second cycle sale of CSI. As Les said, we have a vast library, so from every single quarter, we're out there looking at what we're going to sell, what we're not going to sell, so there may not be first cycle available. But because of the size of the library, we're going to continue to look at second cycle sales. And in some of these instances, when we do these things non-exclusively, we can sell them kind of more than once. So we feel pretty good about that. So it's hard to predict, Mike, what we're going to do in 2011, but realize we have an inventory list of our assets and we're looking at it all the time, and if it feels right, we're going to execute it.
Leslie Moonves: And in terms of cable, yes. As we move down into next year, the cost of the movies definitely goes down. It's not to say that we're not in very good shape because we have deals with the Weinstein Company. So last year, we had the Academy Award winner Hurt Locker. And this year, we have what looks like it's got a good shot to win, King's Speech, plus we have all the Spielberg movies at DreamWorks and the DreamWorks deal, as well as the Summit movies, so we have the Twilight. So we have made better deals for less money. We've put more money into original content, but the cost of the product definitely be going down as our subs go up. So it's a good profit profile.
Joseph Ianniello: And just to add, Mike, we did say in our prepared remarks that the margin, we expect the margin to expand further at Showtime from the full year 39%.
Michael Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC: And just back on the first point on syndication. So when you do a second cycle of CSI, for example, is that non-exclusive? Are you able to also consider other...?
Joseph Ianniello: The answer is it depends on the deal, and obviously, for the CSI, it's obviously the margin flow-through will be different when we own 50% or 100% of flow-through to EBITDA. So each deal is different.
Operator: And for our next question we'll go to Laura Martin with Needham & Company.
Laura Martin - Needham & Company, LLC: Les, I think we have to go back to the statement you made earlier on that said you expect to exceed peak margins over the next several years. So Joe, if you could just remind us what peak margins are. And then Les, if you could talk about -- typically these expansion cycles go on for five and six years, so if you're going to exceed peak margins for the next several years, how high could your margins get in this cycle?
Joseph Ianniello: I'll start with the first, Laura. I think again, if you look peak and peak defined is pre-recession in the '06, '07 kind of cycle, it's kind of the low 20s, and I think again, for the last two quarters we've been at 20, and we said we expect to expand them in 2011. So I think you're right in that all of the incremental advertising and affiliate revenues had such high margin that you really see the flow-through, and again, as we maintain our cost structure, you really get that kind of flow-through at a really significant high rate. So we're very bullish. We can do it probably a lot sooner than a lot of people predicted.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, just to expand on that. TV Stations, obviously, that margin has room to grow and we're still not where we were or even up to some of our competitors in terms of that. We are definitely growing there. Cable, the Showtime margins will expand. And as the network -- great news is our cost structure, despite the fact that we have hits, has remained stable, what we spent for programming over the last three or four years, and that will continue onwards. So as advertising increases, that margin will increase. So those are three of our largest businesses we have. The margin is expanding, and that's why we're looking at '11 and '12 with great relish.
Laura Martin - Needham & Company, LLC: And my follow-up question is on allocation of capital. So the returns on capital at CBS are going through the roof as your free cash flow explodes. Joe, are you thinking you're going to continue to pay down the tax advantage pension debt? I guess I'm looking at kind of your free cash flow priorities and allocation. How should we think about what you're going to be doing with your free cash flow?
Joseph Ianniello: I think we should be thinking about it, it's opportunistic. We're looking at that, Laura, all the time. I think again, certainly, there is some appeal currently right now given where interest rates are and where we borrow and the tax advantage funding of the pension. Again, in the fourth quarter, we pre-funded $167 million, so clearly we get a tax deduction on that gross number. So we're looking at that all the time, and again, we'll continue to be opportunistic, but we will always focus on returning value to our shareholders as well.
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Meltz with JPMorgan.
Michael Meltz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Can you isolate for us what was the Borders-related write-down in the fourth quarter, please?
Joseph Ianniello: Mike, we're not going to break that down specifically. Just know that we've minimized our exposure as of year end and we stopped shipping product to them again at the end of December. So we don't want to quantify exactly that, but we're adequately reserved.
Michael Meltz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I think they're filing today. You've put a number at $34 million out there. Was that in the fourth quarter?
Joseph Ianniello: That is not our exposure, Mike, at the end of the year. That is definitely not our exposure at the end of the year, not even close.
Michael Meltz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Can you also isolate for us the -- you gave a couple of things that will skew the year-over-year numbers in Q1. Can you actually quantify what was Super Bowl last year and what is the NCAA drag this year, please?
Joseph Ianniello: Okay, as far as the Super Bowl, I think it was definitely widely reported, estimates of what that is. I mean, again, it's fair to say it's probably a couple of $100 million, just to give you a sense of the size of what that is. And obviously most of that, the vast majority of that would hit the Entertainment segment, and the other piece would obviously hit Local Broadcasting. So that's the size of that kind of magnitude. The NCAA, it's hard to say because we haven't aired the tournament yet. But basically, the premise for the transaction was we were going to expand the overall revenue pie between us and Turner, and we'd get better economics. So we have a lot of protection on the downside and unlimited upside, but again, a little too early to predict exactly what that's going to be because we haven't aired the tournament.
Michael Meltz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Maybe another way of asking is this, and I'm sorry for the drag-on question. Are you comfortable with consensus for the first quarter?
Joseph Ianniello: We don't give guidance, Michael, as you know, and stuff like that. But again, we try to guide you. We think revenue for this contract will be down quarter-over-quarter to give you a sense of what that is. So again, we're not really giving -- we don't give guidance on quarterly or annual forward numbers.
Leslie Moonves: Revenue's down, but profits are going to be up considerably. It is a question of going from a deal that was losing us a considerable amount of money to a deal that's going to be profitable right away.
Operator: And for our next question we'll go to David Miller with Caris & Company.
David Miller - Caris & Company: Les, could you talk about the new deal with Turner vis-a-vis March Madness, which obviously starts in four weeks and just some of the other advantages and disadvantages you see with the new deal and sharing this property? I mean it would obviously seem to me that one of the advantages is lower rights fees, which you alluded to, but you also get less gains, and there is the fear out there that people might be fumbling around with their remote controls between all the Turner networks and CBS so on and so forth, trying to find the right games. So could you talk about that, and just from a programming standpoint, what you see as the advantages with sharing this sports right?
Leslie Moonves: Obviously, economically, there was a huge advantage for us going forward to do this deal. Our risk profile is a lot less than it was before, and as we've said many times, it is a very profitable contract for us versus the other way. In the early rounds, there will be four games. When there are four games on simultaneously, they will be on four different channels. We generally look at the game that we want in the first rounds, and for those people in local marketplaces, they will get the game that they want. At the same time, there will be highlights shown on our network of the other three games and vice versa. As you get down to the final rounds, we have the final four for the first four years of the deal, so that will be significant. Those are significant games. And in the regional games, there's sort of alternating games. Obviously, occasionally, there'll be two games going on simultaneously, so you'll be able to watch the one that you want. So as Joe said, revenue goes down, but cost goes down a lot, and probably for our viewer, they will be very happy because they will get whatever game they want to see. So for us, it's a major win in terms of economic things, and by and large, we're getting the games that we want, and the relationship with Turner is terrific. Both teams are selling, and as we said earlier, the sales are going extremely well. They're selling into a very strong sports marketplace, so I think everybody comes out a winner of it. The fans, CBS, Turner and the NCAA.
Operator: And for our next question we'll go to Jim Goss with Barrington.
James Goss - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: I was interested earlier when you talked about the stable schedule. You get the inevitable problem that sometimes shows start to run their course. And I'm wondering how you determine when to pull the plug on shows these days, especially given the changing nature of schedules versus specific programs in an environment where schedules may be less important? How does it come down? Has it changed a lot?
Leslie Moonves: It's a good question. Number one, schedules aren't necessarily that less important than it used to be. You still can launch NCIS L.A. after NCIS and it holds on to 90-someodd percent. You could launch Mike & Molly after Two and a Half Men, and it's the highest-rated new comedy on the air. It's also a good show, but it's helped by following the number one rated comedy on the air. What happens is, yes, it's a tough problem here at CBS. We tell the people that are out there, "Look, you'd better be really good to make it on our schedule, but if you do make it on our schedule, the chances of succeeding are higher because you will generally be put in a position where you're launched by a successful television show." We also have the advantage of removing shows a year early rather than a year late, and I give you what we did with Without a Trace a year ago where it was a successful show. It had run through its eighth year. We pulled off the show. Their license fee was, at that point, since it was in its eighth year, almost $4 million an episode, replaced it with a show called The Good Wife, which cost about less than half that amount. We also owned 100% of The Good Wife. The ratings were just as good. As a matter of fact, it won some Emmy Awards, and we took it off early and helped our schedule. A similar thing, if you look throughout our schedule, we don't let shows age and just hang around because that's all we got. We don't have to do that, and I think success propels further success, and I think we'll continue to do that.
James Goss - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: The one follow-up I'd ask is, to the extent you're getting international sales, are there certain genres that are faring a lot better? Is that becoming a meaningful revenue or profit source for you?
Leslie Moonves: Well, it's absolutely a meaningful profit source on all our shows. Obviously, action-adventure plays a little bit better. In other words, a show like Hawaii Five-0 got an extraordinary amount of money overseas as did the NCIS'. The Good Wife doesn't do quite as well, but yet it does extraordinarily well when you compare it to what a show like that would've done years ago. So once again, as we said earlier, every single one of our new shows was profitable from day one because of the international marketplace, and that keeps growing in leaps and bounds because there are new channels all over the world and new markets opening up. So the international marketplace has never been hotter, and it's a reason we're glad we own most of our content.
Operator: And for our final question, we'll go to Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Two questions, Les. You said retrans in 2010 exceeded your $100 million target by significant margins. So can you give us the actual number and also tell us your target for 2011? And then secondly, how do you at CBS think about a potential NFL lockout? What's the risk from a revenue and EBITDA standpoint if there are no games?
Leslie Moonves: All right, the first question I'm not going to give you a number for '11. All I've said is that by the end of '12, we'll get $250 million. We're still on target for that. That is our anticipated number for them, and that is not including reverse compensation from our affiliates, which will also be another number that's beginning to kick in now, will be stronger in '11 and by '12 also will be a significant number. Regarding the NFL lockout, obviously, it's something that we're all hoping does not happen. We hope they come to an agreement. We obviously have an agreement with the NFL where we do give them some money, but that the contract would be extended to a certain extent if there were any games that we missed. So ultimately, at the end of the day, we do not anticipate losing any revenue. We think we will get the games back in some way, shape or form. So they will be an immediate hit, and I'm guardedly optimistic that Mr. Goodell will come to an agreement with the players before the season starts and we'll be back playing.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: If the money doesn't go to the games, would it be safe to say that it could be deployed into Primetime?
Leslie Moonves: We don't need any -- you mean in terms of advertising revenue?
Alexander Paris - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Yes.
Leslie Moonves: I don't know. I guess that's possible. There's a certain amount that the companies designate for football. Anheuser-Busch spends an awful lot in Prime, but they also spend a lot in football. Could the marketplace get tighter in Prime? Probably. That probably would happen, but not necessarily.
Adam Townsend: And this concludes today's call. Thank you everyone for joining us. Have a great evening.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-11-04 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Sumner Redstone - Founder and Executive Chairman Leslie Moonves - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President of Investor Relations Joseph Ianniello - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Michael Meltz - JP Morgan Chase & Co Michael Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC Laura Martin - Needham & Company, LLC Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC David Miller - Caris & Company Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG Brian Shipman - Jefferies & Company, Inc.
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CBS Corporation's Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Release Teleconference. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead, sir.
Adam Townsend: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter 2010 earnings call. Joining me for today's discussion are Sumner Redstone, our Executive Chairman; Leslie Moonves, President and CEO; and Joe Ianniello, Executive Vice President and CFO. Sumner will have opening remarks, and we'll turn the call over to Les and Joe, who will discuss the strategic and financial results. We will then open the call up to questions. Please note that during today's conference call, financial results and comparisons, with the exception of revenue, will be discussed on an adjusted basis unless otherwise specified. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found in our earnings release or on our website. In addition, statements in this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's news releases and securities filings. A webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can be found on the Investor section of our website at cbscorporation.com. With that, it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Sumner.
Sumner Redstone: Thank you, Adam. Good afternoon, everyone. I really thank you for being with us today. Another quarter, another tremendous showing by CBS, all driven by our industry-leading content. In every area where we compete, CBS is thriving. From the number one network to our production and syndication businesses to our critically acclaimed original programming on cable to our best-selling printed books to our diverse websites, the strength of our content is driving our results. I know I don't need to tell you that I believe that content is king. And CBS content is at the top of its game. We have a powerful distribution platform, the right major-market local assets to get our leading content to every audience, all the places on this earth that matter most. Yes, CBS is firing on all cylinders, and it will continue to do so, not only today, not only tomorrow, but well into the future. And of course, I have great confidence in the marvelous management team that is making this all happen. Beginning, of course, with my very close friend, CBS' President and CEO, Leslie Moonves. So I'll turn this over to him now. Les, the ball is in your court.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you, Sumner, and good afternoon, everybody. Thank you very much for joining us. As you see from the results we're reporting today, we had another terrific quarter, and our momentum continues to build. Each quarter in 2010 has been better than the one before. Advertising revenues are growing. Profits are higher, and margins are expanding. A great deal of our success comes from how well our content has performed and how well we are monetizing that performance. The things that we told you would happen over the last several quarters are, in fact, happening. We are benefiting greatly from a return of advertising to historical levels. We are diversifying and derisking our business model by growing our secondary revenue streams. Our major-market local assets are experiencing excellent growth, and once again, most importantly, our content is thriving across the company, also across the country, on a variety of platforms. At the same time, we're managing our businesses more efficiently, holding down costs and strengthening our financial position as the markets improve. We have taken a number of steps to greatly improve our balance sheet by paying down debt. All of this is coming through in our results, with double-digit growth in profits in EPS and even better growth in free cash flow. These healthy levels of free cash have enabled us to announce today a $1.5 billion share repurchase program beginning January 1. Returning value to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks has been one of our highest priorities all along, and we are pleased to deliver on that objective. All of these factors that I just mentioned have brought about a structural change that will cause our strong performance to continue into 2011 and beyond. In addition, the two new long-term deals we added with Comcast and the NCAA will only help us that much more. So between the performance of our content, the improving operating environment and our very strong balance sheet, you can forgive me for being even a little bit more bullish than usual today. It's a real good time to be a shareholder of CBS. I'm going to give some additional comments, then I'll turn it over to our, CFO, Joe Ianniello, and then as always, we'll take your questions. I'll begin with our very strong third quarter financial results. EPS for the quarter of $0.35 was up 40% versus last year's third quarter. OIBDA of $667 million was up 17% as profitability continues to improve significantly, and OIBDA margins are expanding as well. We are now approaching pre-recession levels. This is a trend that should continue into next year as our new and better deals kick in. We grow our secondary revenue streams, and we make sure that the costs we cut a couple of years ago will never return. Total company advertising revenues were up 10%, and affiliate and subscription fees were up 15%. So healthy underlying growth continues. These increases are even more encouraging, given that last year's third quarter was when the economy began to pick up. We also generated $260 million in free cash flow, a significant improvement over last year's quarter, bringing our year-to-date total to $1.4 billion, up 165% over the same time period last year. Again, it's because of this healthy free cash flow that we were able to announce the $1.5 billion share buyback I mentioned earlier. Let's take a look at each of our businesses and some third quarter highlights. Beginning with our Content Group and its largest segment, Entertainment, where we produced revenue of $1.6 billion and OIBDA of $278 million in the quarter. Underlying advertising growth in the Entertainment segment was very strong, led by a 7% increase at the CBS Television Network. As you know, we've had a phenomenal start to the new season, winning the first five weeks of the season in all key measures, viewers 25 to 54 and 18 to 49. This is the first time any network has done this since 1997, and it only happened twice since people meters were introduced in 1987. Our schedule is incredibly stable, and we expect it to continue to shine for the rest of the season. Our returning shows remain very strong, and the five new shows we launched are the top five new shows of the fall, led by the number one new show, Hawaii Five-0. All five of our new shows have been picked up for the entire season. We not only outperformed the field in this year's upfront marketplace, but we're now reaping the greatest benefits of the increase in scatter pricing as well. Because of the strength of our prime time schedule, scatter is up more than 35% over the upfront, which bodes very well for the fourth quarter and the first quarter of '11 as well. In addition, NFL ratings are up 12% year-over-year this season. We have extremely high demand for our AFC package, and our sales are phenomenally strong. We expect this to continue right through the AFC Championship Game in January. As you know, advertising is just one way we capitalize on our content. Very positive trends in non-advertising-dependent revenues, including global syndication, retransmission consent and license fees from emerging platforms continue to strengthen the evolving broadcast model. Including the three new CBS-produced dramas on our schedule this season, our studio now owns 27 shows that are currently in production, meaning that ratings success represents just the first length in our increasingly valuable monetary content chain. Let me point out just a few of the incremental ways we're getting paid for our content now. First, syndication. Domestically, we're selling our new hit shows earlier and at record prices. And international syndication is becoming a bigger piece of the pie as well, representing an important long-term growth opportunity for us. This season, we sold all three of our new dramas internationally for north of $2 million an episode each, meaning that all three were profitable before a single episode air. Within weeks of announcing Hawaii Five-0 was on our schedule, we sold it in more than 100 markets, and now it's in nearly all 200 of our overseas markets . And of course, on this show, domestic syndication is still to come. We're also expanding internationally by gaining equity in new overseas channels. As you know, last year, we partnered with Liberty to rebrand six local U.K. channels as CBS channels and expand our programming there. During the quarter, we entered into two new similar joint ventures. One, with Reliance in India for three channels in India, and another with Network Ten in Australia, the people who own the Ten Network, for a partnership to provide content to the new cable channel 11. Next, in addition to syndication, retrans is now a very significant and continuing part of our content value chain as well. Our retransmission consent revenue was up more than 40% year-to-date versus the same time period last year and will easily meet our full year target of $100 million. This important revenue stream will keep growing for us, and the economics of our groundbreaking new 10-year deal with Comcast will benefit our bottom line for a long, long time. We are pleased that without a fuss, the largest cable operator recognized the value of our content in a way that benefited both sides of the negotiations. Retrans, as well as broadcast affiliate compensation to us, will continue to grow every single year. And finally, it's becoming increasingly clear that every new online distribution platform needs premium content to successfully launch their service. We continue to talk to all of these companies, companies you all know very well, about ways we can get the proper value for our programming. We have and we'll continue to pick and choose the best deal for our shareholders as we grow this additional revenue stream. Meanwhile, our in-house websites led CBS Interactive to a very strong third quarter, with display advertising revenue up 17% year-over-year. Our ad sales, site traffic and audience engagement all continue to grow and to outpace the industry. Clearly, when you have the most successful shows on air, it crosses over to online as well, and not just CBS.com and TV.com, but also social communities like Facebook, where we have nearly 50 million fans for our prime time shows. The cross-platform presence is appealing to our advertisers who are increasingly making both on-air and digital buys with us. Our Cable Network segment also had a terrific quarter. revenue was up 12%, and OIBDA was up 33% from the same period last year. Year-over-year, we've added more than 4 million subscriptions at Showtime Networks and nearly 5 million at CBS College Sports, and rates have increased as well. We are confident that all of our Cable Networks will continue to add more subscribers and value to our portfolio going forward. And Cable is another business where the strength of our content is driving our performance. During the quarter, we debuted yet another critically acclaimed Showtime original series, The Big C. The show's launch drew our highest ratings for an original series premier in eight years, and it's staying strong. Our returning series, Weeds and Dexter, also premiered new seasons during the quarter. Both shows had their highest premiers ever. And Dexter was Showtime's best overall original series season premiere in 15 years. At Publishing, revenue was $218 million in the third quarter, and OIBDA was $31 million, up 10%, as our expense rationalization efforts keep paying off. Just as with our TV programming, where digital continues to be a growing part of the business, digital competition between Apple, Barnes & Noble, Google, Amazon and the rest has us well-positioned in the e-book space, giving our leading content. We had more New York Times bestsellers in this year's third quarter than we did last year. And our newest releases by authors Vince Flynn and Bob Woodward are outperforming their previous titles. Turning to Local Broadcasting. We had another outstanding performance as the local ad market recovery continued into the third quarter. Revenue was up 15%, with TV station advertising revenue up 25%, and Radio ad revenue up 9%. At the same time, Local Broadcasting OIBDA increased 49% year-over-year, and our OIBDA margin was 29%. Strong pacing is continuing into the fourth quarter. Radio is pacing up double-digits, and our TV station group is trending to be up more than 20% over last year. Political advertising will contribute significantly to our fourth quarter results. We saw a very strong political spending right up through the mid-term elections this week, and the demand for political time pushed non-political dollars past the election into the rest of the fourth quarter. The momentum in local TV advertising continues well beyond the fourth quarter. Momentum also continues at Outdoor as well. Third quarter revenue was up 10% in constant dollars as the advertising marketplace continued to improve. OIBDA more than doubled year-over-year in the quarter as a result of both the top line growth and this business' new streamlined cost structure. We continue to renegotiate and enter into new contracts at better terms, which will be reflected in our results going forward as well. One final note on our Local Group. I mentioned to you last quarter that we were launching a single website in New York called cbsnewyork.com. This site combines the resources of WCBS channel 2, 1010 WINS, WCBS 880 and WFAN The Fan to become the premier local information destination in the market. We have since launched six more similar local sites in major markets where we own TV and radio stations, including Los Angeles, Chicago, Philadelphia, San Francisco, Dallas and Boston. We are very encouraged by the early results. And going forward, we expect to be generating hundreds of millions of dollars from our local websites within the next few years. Across the board during the quarter, we were able to once again deliver on our promises and produce results that speak to our ongoing growth and success. Beyond the strong finish we expect this year, there are a number of developments that will drive our continued momentum into '11 and '12. These include the best start any television network has had in 13 years with successful new shows that are already profitable and will generate revenue for years to come. The increasing value of our content in a dual revenue stream universe including retrans, affiliate compensation and emerging online services, dramatically improve contracts like the new Comcast and NCAA deals, which truly kick in beginning next year, the broad-based recovery at the local ad market where there's still lots of room for more growth. Our lower cost structure, which allows more revenue to translate into profits. Interest expense alone will be down $90 million annually following all of our debt actions this year. And as you saw with our announcement today, a share repurchase program that returns additional value to shareholders as our businesses continue to throw off lots of cash. So yes, we had a terrific quarter. But as you see, the best is yet to come. Thank you. And with that, I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joseph Ianniello: Thanks, Les, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll provide some more detail on our results for the quarter, highlight our recent financing activities and new share buyback program and update you on what we're seeing in Q4 and the things we know about 2011. Starting with our total company results for the quarter. Total revenue of $3.3 billion compares to $3.35 billion for the same quarter last year when we benefited from the sale of five major television series that went into first cycle syndication. To give you a sense of the size of these titles, we're talking about over $300 million in revenue at about a 35% OIBDA margin, which is not included in this year's third quarter. Meanwhile, as Les said, total advertising revenue was up 10% and affiliate and subscription revenues were up 15%, illustrating the ongoing strength in our underlying businesses. The 10% advertising growth accelerated from Q2's 9% despite tougher comps this quarter. Reported OIBDA was up 33% for the quarter to $750 million. Reported operating income increased 46%, and reported diluted EPS increased 53% to $0.46. We are adjusting our reported results for four items in 2010: a favorable legal recovery of $90 million; a gain on sale of a TV station of approximately $8 million; an $18 million tax benefit from the settlements of income tax audits; and restructuring charges of $7 million. In 2009, we are adjusting for three items: another favorable legal recovery of $28 million; $42 million of tax benefits from additional audit settlements; and impairment charges of $32 million. Adjusting for these items in the quarter, total company OIBDA came in at $667 million, a 17% increase. Operating income was up 25%, and diluted EPS of $0.35 was up 40%. Margin expansion continues to be a key area of focus for us. So let's look at that trend. Total company's OIBDA margin in Q1 2010 was 10% and in Q2, it expanded to 17%. And now in Q3, it has reached 20%, which is near 2007 levels. Our Q3 OIBDA margin is a 300 basis point improvement to last year's third quarter, even without the benefit of the five syndication titles, and these are not only percentage increases we're talking about. They are higher dollars as well. Let's quickly look at our year-to-date results. Total company revenue up 7%, OIBDA up 31%, operating income of 50%, and net earnings up 133%. This flow-through demonstrates the strength of our operating leverage. Looking at our segments for the quarter. Entertainment revenue of $1.6 billion was down 12% due to the five shows that went into syndication last year. Our 7% increase in network advertising revenue accelerated from 5% in Q2. OIBDA for the Entertainment segment finished at $278 million, down $47 million as the syndication benefit from last year more than offset the growth from ad revenues from the Network and Interactive and higher retrans revenues. At Cable Networks, revenue was up 12%, and OIBDA was up 33%. Telcos and satellite operators drove the subscriber growth. On a year-to-date basis, our Cable OIBDA margin is at 36%, up 500 basis points from the same period a year ago. We expect the fourth quarter margin to be 40-plus percent for Cable. Publishing revenue of $218 million for the quarter was down 6%. However, Publishing OIBDA for the quarter was up 10% to $31 million as we continue our cost-containment actions. E-books now comprise approximately 7% of total revenue and will continue to be a growing part of the revenue base. At Local Broadcasting, the strong revenue and profit increases already discussed have improved our OIBDA margin seven percentage points from last year to 29%, and we expect Local Broadcasting's fourth quarter margin to be up in the mid-30s. And then Outdoor, revenue for the quarter was 8% to $460 million on a reported basis. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations, Outdoor revenue increased 10%. The Americas led the way with a 15% increase, driven by higher occupancy. Outdoor OIBDA of $77 million increased 136% from last year's third quarter as we are benefiting from higher revenue, cost-saving initiatives and more favorable contracts. Turning to our balance sheet. Free cash flow came in at $260 million for the quarter compared to a $24 million use of cash last year. And it bears repeating that on a year-to-date basis, free cash flow is $1.4 billion, up 165% from prior year. We've used this cash primarily to strengthen our balance sheet. Our cash on hand at the end of the quarter was $1.1 billion. And so far this quarter, we've issued $600 million of new debt at very attractive rates. The 4.3% coupon for our 10-year note is the lowest rate in our history. In fact, it's the lowest rate ever for all of media. This week, we've also called the $544 million that was due in May 2011, so total gross debt on the balance sheet as of September 30 will decrease by $500-plus million before year-end. The net result from all our financing activities this year leaves only $490 million of debt coming due over the next three years and saves us approximately $90 million per year in interest costs. So our balance sheet has never been stronger, which brings me to our next topic of returning capital to shareholders. The $1.5 billion share buyback program we announced today is expected to be executed over approximately 18 months starting in January, which will come to about $500 million every six months. At our current share price, this program constitutes about 30% of our shares outstanding. The combination of this buyback, along with our dividend, provides our shareholders a very attractive total return yield. It also represents a significant payout ratio and gives you a clear indication of what we're doing with our cash flow. Looking ahead, here is what we're seeing in Q4 for our advertising businesses. As stated earlier, network scatter market remains robust. It is up over 35% above the upfront and broad-based among categories. Online display advertising is pacing up mid-teens. TV station revenue is pacing to be up over 20% against tougher comps. Radio stations are pacing to be up double-digits, which is an acceleration from the third quarter. We're having a record political year at our Local Broadcasting segment, and we expect to exceed our full year $200 million target. Our Outdoor group is currently pacing up high single-digits on a constant-dollar basis. In addition, we expect our fourth quarter total company results to be our highest of the year in terms of revenue and OIBDA. CapEx for the full year 2010 should be in the range of $250 million to $300 million. We estimate cash taxes to be in the range of $200 million to $250 million for the full year. Also as a reminder, our fourth quarter financing activities will result in an early extinguishment of debt charge of about $45 million. Looking further out to 2011, we expect to have another strong year. Here is what we know. We know this year's upfront was up high single-digits, which runs through Q3 of 2011, and scatter is tracking well above upfront. Given the strength of our schedule, we expect this trend to continue. We know the cost of the current prime time schedule is less than last year's, and with our revised NCAA agreement, sports costs will be down next year as well. We know we have new retrans agreements that provide meaningful upside in 2011. We know we have more favorable Outdoor contracts. We know we will get cost savings from our 2010 restructuring activities. We know interest expense is going to be lower, and we will generate significant free cash flow. And we know we will be returning a significant portion of that free cash flow to our shareholders via our stock buyback and dividend. So we will conclude by saying that our momentum is set to continue into next year and beyond. The overall ad market still has plenty of room to recover, plus we positioned the company to continue to be a big beneficiary in the years to come by taking a number of strategic steps to capitalize on the changing business model. We feel very good about where we are but even better about where we are headed. With that, Ruthie, we can open the line up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question today from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: I guess the only thing I'd add is just that, given the 2.5x, I think, gross leverage target range, any comment on how much cash CBS needs to keep on its balance sheet at a given time from a flexibility perspective? And then also your revenue breakout, at least the strength versus where we were came in on the affiliate and subscription fees, which the growth was 15% this quarter, an acceleration from the first half. Is that retrans from Comcast kicking in already or CBS Sports Network or Showtime or all of the above? Just want to get a little bit of understanding of what drove that acceleration. And then one last one for Les. NBC is making a big move all of a sudden, but about looking at alpha boomers and the older demo, and you guys always get knocked for being the older network. What's going on here? Is this something you think is a significant shift in the broadcast industry in terms of advertising?
Joseph Ianniello: Ben, it's Joe. I'll start first. I'll answer your first two. And as far as how much cash do we have, we don't need a lot of cash on hand to run the company. I mean, the working capital as you see we manage very, very well. So cash on hand at the end of the quarter, just under $1.1 billion. Obviously, we'll use some of that cash to call the debt I said for May of '11. So we don't really need a lot of cash and as you know, the first six months of the year is our stronger cash flow part of the year. So again, we're going to buy the stock right into our strength and generating more cash flow. As far as the affiliate and subscription, a little bit does have to do with timing. It's when agreements kick in and stuff, so there is a little bit of timing. But if you look at it on a year-to-date basis, those fluctuations tend to even out.
Leslie Moonves: Ben, we've sort of find it a little bit ironic that NBC is now talking about older demos. It's something we've, obviously, been talking about for a while. And we've been quoted, I've been quoted about a thousand times saying for my money, a 50-year-old is more valuable than a 19-year-old in terms of purchasing power. I was sort of booed down by the other networks when they were doing a bit better, that 18 to 49 is the only thing that mattered. Now that we're winning the 18 to 49, suddenly, there's a shift. Now by the way, we still agree with the fact that a 50-year-old is more valuable than a 19-year-old, and we've always welcomed them into the tent. And to us, a viewer is a viewer is a viewer. We like winning them all. We like 18-year-olds and we like 80-year-olds, and the good thing is they're watching CBS.
Operator: And we'll go now to Anthony DiClemente with Barclays Capital.
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital: I have two. One for Joe and one for Les. Joe, if you could just get back to the fourth quarter network math. You mentioned some points. It seems like the network ad revenue being up 7% in the quarter, up sequentially, that should really accelerate in the 4Q because you've got the upfront CPM increases in the high single-digits. It seems like scatter should be way up, and then it seems like you've seen a ratings reversal from 3Q to 4Q. So should that network ad revenue growth double or more than double in the fourth quarter?
Joseph Ianniello: Yes, Anthony, I don't think we said what fourth quarter network ad revenue, I think we gave you the scatter market. The scatter market, as you know, is pacing, as we said, 35-plus percent over this year's upfront. So yes, I think, again, any way you look at it, it's going to be a strong fourth quarter on the national advertising front.
Leslie Moonves: The only caution I want to give you there, Anthony, is this year, we sold a lot more at the upfront than we did a year ago. So there is a little bit less inventory, however, the scatter demand keeps going up and up and up. And being as we're stronger, there should be enough inventory to take care of that.
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital: But you sold it at higher prices. Can you confirm? Did you sell it at, say, up 8%, up 9%? Is that in the ballpark?
Joseph Ianniello: I think we said high single-digits. This year's upfront, we said high single-digits.
Leslie Moonves: You're right there.
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital: And then one for Les, and then this is, I guess, a bigger question about digital distribution. You've moved forward this hyper syndication model and made a lot of your content available for free online with all your partners. It seems to buck the authentication strategy of putting the content behind a pay wall, doesn't seem to be hurting your ratings. I guess the question is what gives you the confidence that, that more liberal and open strategy with your content continues to be the right one going forward?
Leslie Moonves: Well, actually, Anthony, we have been slightly more conservative about putting our content online than some of our peers because as you know, we are not a member of Hulu. And as a result of that, we do have cbs.com, but once again, we've been rather cautious about where to put it, when to put it because the mother load is still our network advertising and ratings on network and in syndication still bring in far more dollars than they do on digital. Having said that, we're, obviously, exploring all these various platforms and making a variety of deals when it makes sense. And when it make sense to us is getting paid appropriately for our content. But TV Everywhere, we're certainly believer in it. When Comcast or Time Warner gives us decent retrans dollars, which they have done, and treated us very fairly, which they have done, they deserve to have the content as part of their retrans fees. So we're very much in favor of TV Everywhere.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Michael Nathanson with Nomura.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: First one would be why are we waiting for January to start buying back stock? Is there any timing-related issue on the buybacks?
Joseph Ianniello: No, I think we're just going to go through it. I mean, nothing more, it's 60 days. We're going to, obviously, use the cash on hand to pay down to call the notes and stuff like that. So it's just getting everything in order.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: Then a follow-up on the stations and Radio. I know people are going to say, "Look, October is great because of political being so strong." So can you share a little bit about November pacings? What you're seeing now that political is out of the way? You talked about a backlog, and how's that coming through in November for you in TV and Radio?
Joseph Ianniello: Sure. Well, it obviously, impacts TV more, so let's just focus on TV. Our current pacing is holding at up 20% after the election. And our obviously, advertisers are booking early, and we're just making sure our sales guys are pricing it right because the demand of pricing is so strong. So that demand that people got pushed from October into November and December, that pricing is clearly holding. So the way we see it, Mike, is 2010's going to be a very strong year for local television with or without political.
Leslie Moonves: Right. Michael, one of the misnomers out there is the x political dollars. Because yes, we took in a lot of political revenue. We're really pleased. It went across TV stations, the radio stations. And we all know how much money was spent in places like California and New York, hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars, and we benefited by that. But all we did was in an already in-demand categories, we just pushed it further out. So it is remaining in demand, and what people don't realize, we would have sold those spots for very high prices. In some cases, we sold the political spots for less than we would have gotten had we just had it in the normal marketplace. So as we said, we pushed money into the rest of the fourth quarter and per Joe's comment, the demand remains very strong.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: You're early on the retrans argument and now the next wave is the reverse retrans of getting paid by your affiliates. You talked a bit about what kind of deals you're getting done and how big it's going to be in the next couple of years, so a little bit update on that strategy, Joe.
Joseph Ianniello: Yes, obviously, we've had a number of discussions with our affiliates. And when their deals come up with CBS, we know that they're getting retrans money, and we wish to share in them. A ton of those deals have not come up yet. There have been a number of them that have. We are getting paid. It's hard to quantify where we're going to be since the bulk of our deals aren't up until '13 and '14. But the affiliates are aware that they're getting paid retrans and a lot of the reason they're getting paid that retrans money is because of what the network is giving them, and our affiliates certainly appreciate what CBS Primetime is doing for them. When you look at 10:00, we are winning five nights a week, which means their 11:00 local news is doing extremely well. And as I referred to, the NFL is doing extremely well for them. So we are making those deals. They are not very noisy, but we are getting paid by them. And it should, over the next number of years, also amount to hundreds of millions of dollars down the road.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Morris with Davenport & Company.
Michael Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC: Two questions for you. One, on local advertising in particular with respect to autos, it seems like autos have come back strong, kind of consistent with the return of purchases of autos. At this point, has the return of auto actually been consistent with that level? Is that what you're seeing? And have you seen any permanent differences, say, with the reduction of auto dealerships or a reduced amount of spending at the manufacturing level that has impacted you? That's the first question. And then the second, on the repurchase decision, this certainly isn't a criticism, I think a $1 billion annual repurchase is very strong, but can you talk a bit about the decision to do a repurchase instead of returning to a dividend? And what your appetite is in the future once you work through this plan to address the dividend or like an ongoing repurchase, where you want to be?
Joseph Ianniello: Mike, it's Joe. On the local auto front again, the category -- and again, broadly other categories are following suit. But clearly, auto is up. I think, clearly, obviously, selling more cars helps. We're seeing auto companies, obviously, much better capitalized companies. The dealerships, maybe less dealerships but better capitalized, so the dollars are following. What I will tell you there's still much room to grow there. So we're not clearly back to '07 levels. But again, they're focused on it and clearly, they know they have to market to move product, and we have local assets well-positioned to capitalize on that.
Leslie Moonves: And Michael, on the repurchase, obviously, there was a lot of discussion what's the proper way of returning money to our shareholders. We already have a dividend in place. We felt that to reduce our shares was the right way to go with this amount of cash. This does not preclude us, as we look forward, to do something further with the dividend and something that we talk about every week when we discuss it with our board and we came to the conclusion that the share repurchase was the right thing to do, being that our cash position was so strong. But once again, we will continue to look at it, and we will continue to see what's the best way to use our capital and increasing the dividend is certainly not out of the question.
Michael Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC: And just to be clear on the auto side then, I mean, your sense that there hasn't been a permanent structural change or the changes that have taken place have been kind of mitigated by stronger capitalization and you feel like prior levels are achievable.
Joseph Ianniello: That's correct.
Operator: And we'll go now to Laura Martin with Needham & Company.
Laura Martin - Needham & Company, LLC: One on sports. We're hearing from some of your competitors that sports ratings are strong. I'm interested in whether CBS is also getting higher a sports rating. But more importantly, do think the economics flow through that? Or does it go back to where -- on Radio, it sounds like, Joe, you were pretty optimistic about the trend line in Radio going into 4Q. We have been hearing that national is up kind of double-digits, but local remains anemic at low single-digits. And I'm just wondering if you think that's a secular kind of rebuttal of the local merchants against a Radio business. So whether you see those two lines converging in the fourth quarter we're in now?
Leslie Moonves: Laura, I'll deal with the first question, the sports. Sports has been extremely strong. Before the season even began, it was a great demand for NFL football. And I think it's followed the strong upfront that sports became -- the NFL became even stronger than that. Add to that, what we referenced as ratings that are up in the low-teens, and the demand for the NFL is extremely good. I know the NBC game is doing well. I know FOX is doing well. Football is extraordinarily strong, and the dollars are flowing in greatly for it. The economics of the rest of our sports, as mentioned, the NCAA deal changes our full profile in that event and that becomes a profitable event as does golf and even the U.S. Open tennis tournament, if it wouldn't rain so much. So we are very pleased with our sports portfolio, but the NFL is going through the roof.
Joseph Ianniello: On your Radio question, Laura, the fourth quarter, yes, it is accelerating. That's impressive because, obviously, sequentially Q3 '09 to Q4 '09 grew a lot. So again, very impressive, yes, national is up, higher than local, and local is still growing. And what I just think is right now, the local advertisers are flocking to television because they like where the prices there. So as we continue to increase pricing on the local TV side, I think local Radio, as well as Outdoor will continue to benefit.
Laura Martin - Needham & Company, LLC: So you think the gap closes between national and local a little bit?
Joseph Ianniello: Yes, I think it will converge again, but all on strong demand.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brian Shipman with Jefferies.
Brian Shipman - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Can we talk about Showtime for a second? Showtime showed some nice subscriber growth. Is any of that growth promotional in any way? Are you getting paid for all of it? And then what rights does Showtime have for digital distribution of its content?
Leslie Moonves: The Showtime growth, you know what, it's hard to distinguish. Yes, we have some promotional things, and I know HBO addressed their loss of subs by some of the lack of promotional subs. That hasn't really affected the growth in Showtime. I think the thing that's affected the growth in Showtime is just Showtime's programming has gotten infinitely better over the last two or three years, and we're seeing a constant increase in the subscribers. And in terms of the digitalization of the content, it depends on the content. By and large, Showtime owns most of what they do, there are a couple of shows that they don't. But they have most of the rights for the content that's on Showtime. And once again, they are being exploited and will continue to be.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Meltz with JPMorgan.
Michael Meltz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: You've said a few times how strong the sports programming ratings have been, especially NFL. Is there -- what is the contingency plan if NFL season doesn't happen in the second half of '11?
Leslie Moonves: Well, Joe and I are going to get out on the field and start tossing the ball around. Look, obviously, it's something that would not be a good thing to have happened if there was a lockout. The reports I'm hearing are guardedly optimistic. There seems to be some progress being made. So we're obviously, hoping that there isn't a lockout. It's not something we would want, and it's not a programming you replace. It's not like, "Okay, if I take off this show for prime time, I'll have another show ready." The NFL is the NFL, and it's very valuable. But we are hoping that nothing bad happens here.
Michael Meltz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And Joe, on Cable, is 40% now a good run rate for margins?
Joseph Ianniello: Yes, I think, again, you got to look at that on an annualized basis, Michael. I think that's fair. Each quarter on whether there's some ad and promo for premieres, expenses kind of fluctuate. But on a kind of normalized run rate, 40-plus percent, I think, is a good indication.
Operator: We'll take our next question from David Miller with Caris & Company.
David Miller - Caris & Company: First, related to the NFL, Joe, my understanding is that if there is a lockout, and it doesn't sound like there's going to be. But if there is, you do not have to pay the roughly, I think, it's $655 million in rights fees back to the NFL. And if you could confirm that number for me, that would be great. And then, Les, on the network piece, my understanding is that the ratings guarantee is dated back to the upfront in June. We're actually even more conservative for certain series than the previous year, which really makes the chances of a make-good situation basically nil. And if you could confirm that for me, that would be great.
Leslie Moonves: Yes. Let me answer both of them. You know what? If there is a lockout there, we have certain arrangements with the NFL that I don't want to get into, where they would get some renumeration, not total, nothing that affects us greatly. But it's sort of a private contract. And it wouldn't affect our bottom line, let me put it that way. Regarding the ratings guarantee, we're in very good shape. The word make us good, the good news is it hasn't come up all year at CBS, nor do I expect it. So every dollar we're taking in at scatter is new money. The prices are going up considerably. We have renewed our entire schedule. It's a great luxury to have that. We actually have three mid-season shows, and our problem is where do we put them? So I've never seen anything like this. But we are beating our guarantees, and we're in very good shape, and it's a good position to be in.
Operator: We'll go now to Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: Joe, in case I missed it, can you give us a breakout between Radio and TV for political ad revenue this year? Percentages or dollars or something?
Joseph Ianniello: We don't break it out. Again, most of the dollars in the third quarter is about $37 million. Again, most of that's falling to TV stations, Doug. I think that would give you a general sense.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: And then, I guess, either for both Joe and Les. Have you thought about or have you been making all of your TV affiliate deals coterminous? It'd be a lot easier to convert to a cable network at some point in the future if you so choose, not to mention you can imagine the improved bargaining position from your TV affiliates just knowing that you could have that option if you so chose, I mean.
Leslie Moonves: The ratings of these deals, Doug, are so diverse. It's very hard to make them coterminous, and by and large, we have not done that. Yes, I'm sure it would give us leverage five years from now and potentially give us more leverage. But it's virtually impossible to imagine a world where that would happen.
Joseph Ianniello: And we own, in the top major markets, the television stations.
Leslie Moonves: We own 40% and once again, it is not our intention now or in the future to turn CBS into a cable network.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: No, fair enough. And I guess just the thought is as we see continued retrans fights, if at some point -- even though it seems like the FCC is not interested in getting involved, if at some point the regulators did get involved, obviously that's an option you could always pursue just to sidestep the entire issue, just become a cable network. So just more sort of curious about...
Leslie Moonves: Doug, well, one thing that should be pointed out, we all hear about the battles. We all hear about the signals being pulled. We've made hundreds of deals. There have been hundreds of deals that haven't made any noise whatsoever. So number one, we, obviously, really urge government to stay out of this. This is a company-to-company issue. And by and large, if we were able to conclude a 10-year deal with Comcast, a long-term deal with Time Warner, successful deals with 25 smaller cable companies, this dispute is the exception, not the rule.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: And then let me just ask one follow-up on the reverse retrans from your affiliates. I think there's a general perception by some of the other networks that the value you're delivering is worth somewhere in the 70% to 80% of the total retrans fee range, even though it seems to be settling out at 50-50 initially. I mean, where do you come out in terms of if you had to divvy up the pie between the value of the local TV stations generates versus the value of the network programming generates, how much of it do you think you deserve in a theoretical world even if it's not practical today?
Leslie Moonves: Yes, Doug, there's only one network that says they deserve 75% or 80%, and we know where that's coming from. We take them each, not all affiliates are created equal. Some are in stronger financial positions than others. Some are getting more retrans than others. So we take each group separately. But as I said, we've concluded a number of deals where we feel we're being compensated appropriately, and we want our affiliates to be strong. And as Joe said, we control, we own 40% of the country with our own stations, and that's the major part of our business.
Operator: And we'll take our last question today from Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Just a question on Outdoor. Growth was phenomenal in the Americas. What was U.S. alone? And you mentioned that occupancy was a driver of most of this growth. How was price?
Leslie Moonves: Marci, the Americas is really primary the United States. I mean, we do have something, Canada, Mexico and South America, but mostly again, the 15% is coming from the U.S. So that's a good proxy in the mid- to high-teens. And what I would just tell you is occupancy, we increased kind of from the 75 percentage range on average to over 80%. So the rest is pricing.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And in terms of your Europe. Europe was kind of weak. So what's happening there?
Leslie Moonves: Yes, I think again, if you go country-by-country, I think that's certainly trailing the recovery we're seeing here. The good news is that the U.K., it looks like it's turning around and coming back, which is our largest market. So I think again, the other countries will follow. But you're right in terms of it is trailing the U.S.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: So what's the national/local split in Outdoor?
Joseph Ianniello: The national/local split in terms of what, revenue mix? In dollars or growth rates?
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Percent of revenue.
Joseph Ianniello: Percent of revenue, I'd say national is probably about 60% if I was just guessing.
Leslie Moonves: And thank you, everyone, for joining us tonight, and have a great evening.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our conference. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-08-03 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Sumner Redstone - Founder and Executive Chairman Leslie Moonves - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President of Investor Relations Joseph Ianniello - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Michael Meltz - JP Morgan Chase & Co Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch Laura Martin - Needham & Company, LLC Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC David Miller - Caris & Company James Mitchell - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG Brian Shipman - Jefferies & Company, Inc.
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CBS Corporation Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Release Teleconference. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead.
Adam Townsend: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Call. Joining me for today's discussion are Sumner Redstone, our Executive Chairman; Leslie Moonves, President and CEO; and Joe Ianniello, Executive Vice President and CFO. Sumner will have opening remarks. Then we'll turn the call over to Les and Joe, who will discuss the strategic and financial results. We'll then open the call up to questions. Let me note that statements on this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's news releases and securities filings. A webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can be found on the Investor section of our Web site at cbscorporation.com. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found in our earnings releases on our Web site. With that, its now my pleasure to turn the call over to Sumner.
Sumner Redstone: Thanks, Adam. Good afternoon, everyone. I thank all of you for being with us today. Im certain it will come as no surprise to you that I am more than pleased to be reporting another quarter of super, excellent results for CBS, results that clearly demonstrate our momentous momentum. As you know, I've been in this industry for a long, long time. I'm thrilled by how CBS is executing right now. We're not only capitalizing on the economic recovery in every one of our businesses, were operating more efficiently, we're using our industry-leading content to expand and to grow in new markets.  Some of you may remember that many decades ago, I coined the phrase, "Content is king. And content will always be king". As for our content, it continues to dominate on the air, it dominates on the Web, it dominates here, it dominates abroad, whether its the first place CBS Television Network, our major market and local access, our leading global syndication business, our growing premium cable operation, our top-brand Internet properties, our investment in premium content, each delivering for CBS. At the same time, we see strategically constructed. Weve cut costs throughout every part of our company. And we've done so, though, without compromising on our industry-leading content or our investments in the areas that represent the best long-term growth. And as Les and Joe will tell you, we've taken really key steps to reduce our debt, to strengthen our already solid financial position, and these steps will play a key part in success for many years to come.  Today, CBS is positioned for tremendous long-term success. But not just for today, not just for tomorrow, but for many years to come well into the future. And I, for one, am proud to be working side-by-side with the many talented executives that are making all of this happen. Leading [ph], of course, is my very close good friend and colleague, CBS' President, Les Moonves. I'm going to turn the call over to him now.  Les, the ball is in your court.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you, Sumner, and good afternoon to everyone. Thank you for joining us today. We are very pleased to report that CBS' strong momentum is continuing with second quarter results that were outstanding in every single business unit. Revenues were up by double digits. Profits were up dramatically. And we added four points through our OIBDA margin versus last year's second quarter. In addition, we have more than doubled our free cash flow so far this year. These outstanding results are due in part to the economy, of course. We have said that the recovery would benefit CBS as much or more than any media company. And in fact, it is continuing to do so. But we're not just benefiting from a rising tide. We've taken steps throughout the company to run our businesses more efficiently, and as a result, we have lowered expenses and created a cost structure that allows more revenue dollars to fall to the bottom line. We've also strengthened our financial position by reducing our debt and our interest expense. And most importantly, we're constantly finding new ways to use this strength of our leading content to capitalize on emerging growth areas like retransmission consent and international distribution, and position CBS as a long-term leader in the evolving media marketplace. This progress will continue through this year and 2011 and beyond. We've taken a number of actions to ensure this. For example, just yesterday, we announced our most significant deal on record for the carriage of our content. It's a milestone agreement with Comcast that includes CBS, Showtime and our other Cable Networks. Plus, it gives us another significant way to monetize our content across Comcasts new media platforms.  As previously stated, we are now well on our way to delivering on our goal of north of $250 million in annual revenue from retrans in 2012. Also the recent extension of our NCAA March Madness deal sets us up very well for the future. It allows us to keep a very high profile sports property on CBS with economics that make this franchise profitable from year one through the life of the contract, representing a huge improvement from the previous deal we had in place. We're also realizing more revenue from our network programming all the time. We just completed a terrific upfront, once again leading the way in total volume and price increases. And in syndication, we continue to strike new deals to sell our network programming for more money after fewer episodes and to broader markets. And on the balance sheet, we've reduced our debt significantly, which Joe will tell you about later.  Now I'm going to briefly review our results and some operating highlights for the second quarter, as well as discuss what we're seeing in the second half of 2010. Then I'll turn it over to Joe to offer some more details on our financial results and balance sheet. Then, as always, we'll be happy to take your questions. Beginning with our very strong second quarter results, revenues of $3.3 billion were up 11% from the same quarter last year. This is our second consecutive quarter of double-digit year-over-year revenue growth, and as I said, it was driven by top-line gains in every one of our businesses. Our adjusted OIBDA of $580 million was up 46% year-over-year and our adjusted operating income of $437 million was up 74%. Thanks to our lower cost structure, margins were up seven percentage points from the first quarter, and as I said, four points from last year's second quarter. We have no intention of letting costs creep back into our operations, so you should expect to see continued margin expansion over the long-term. At the same time, we generated $492 million in free cash flow during the second quarter, up 40% from the same period last year. That brings our year-to-date free cash flow to $1.15 billion. Again, more than double the total for last year's first half and more than many had predicted, we produced for the entire year. Overall, I'm extremely pleased with our financial position, year-to-date results and prospects for the remainder of 2010 and beyond. Each one of our content and local businesses had significant successes in the quarter. And let's take a look at some of them now. Beginning with our Content Group and its largest segment, Entertainment, the CBS Television Network continues to play an integral role in our success. The network finished another Television season in first place, which helped revenues grow during the quarter, and also put us in a very strong position in the recent upfront marketplace.  As you recall, last year, we held back about 35% of our inventory with the expectation that pricing would improve along with the economy. This year, demand and pricing were so strong we ended up selling about 80%, and we feel very good about our ability to improve our ratings in the year ahead and continue growing network revenues and profits.  Our Entertainment segment advertising revenue were also helped up by the Final Four of the NCAA men's basketball tournament, which took place in the second quarter of this year. As I mentioned going forward, we'll realize vastly improved economics on this franchise as a result of our recently extended deal that will keep the tournament on CBS through 2024. Having the best sports and entertainment programming is a critical component in our long-term strategy to be the leading beneficiary of the growing dual revenue stream in broadcast television.  We've been saying for years that are broadcast content needs to receive its proper value from distributors. Over time, we've made tremendous progress, reaching more than 60 retransmission consent agreements with cable operators, satellite companies and telcos at increasingly better terms for us. The deal we announced yesterday with Comcast epitomizes our momentum in this area and it does a lot more than just recognize the value of CBS entertainment, news and sports programming on Comcasts cable television platform. It also includes online and VOD distribution and it enhances the long-term growth of Showtime Networks and improves the economics of CBS College Sports and the Smithsonian Channel. This is a great deal for both parties and we're extremely pleased to be in business with Comcast for a long, long time. Domestic and international syndication is another growing part of our business. Revenues from licensing and distribution of TV programming were up 12% thanks to international syndication sales of our CSI franchise and our new hit shows NCIS: Los Angeles and The Good Wife, which as you'll recall, were the top two freshman-scripted series of the last television season.  Once again, syndication is another important way we're extracting value for our content and its recurring in dependable, non-advertising related revenue streams. And given the strong international marketplace and increasingly aggressive buyers here at home, our hit series are now making a profit from day one. In our Films division, The Back-up Plan did far better than our first movie. And our next film, Faster, comes out at Thanksgiving and is already generating a lot of buzz. And we'll shortly have some exciting announcements about our 2011 slate. Also in our Entertainment segment, CBS Interactive performed very well in the second quarter, as the recovery in the online advertising marketplace continued. We are finding better ways to monetize full-length episodes and clips of our shows online and successfully creating new Internet content on all of our sites as well. This strategy is producing strong growth in both advertising and audience. Display advertising revenues were up 22% in the quarter and June comp score numbers showed that unique visitors to our sites grew by double digits with category leaders like CNET, CBSNews.com, CBSsports.com, Last.fm and CHOW notching the biggest increases. Turning to our Cable Network segment, which also had a terrific quarter, revenues were up 12% and OIBDA was up 33% from the same period last year. Year-over-year, we've added more than 5 million subscriptions at Showtime Networks, another 5 million plus at CBS College Sports and more than 1 million at Smithsonian Channel. And rates have increased as well. Showtime continues to deliver strong results because of its outstanding original programming. Along those lines, we look forward to the debut of the Big C later this month starting Laura Linney, who was featured this past weekend on the cover of the New York Times Sunday Magazine.  Our final Content Group is Publishing, and the performance here also is the best we've seen in quite some time. Simon & Schusters second quarter revenues were up 5% from last year, and with all of the expense savings we've realized during that time, OIBDA increased by an impressive 64%. Later this month, we look forward to the release of The Power by Rhonda Byrne. The Power is Byrne's follow-up to the massive hit, The Secret, which sold 19 million copies so far and has been a New York Times bestseller for 166 weeks running. And of course, we also continue to be a major player in the growing digital transition that is going on the Publishing industry. Turning to our Local Group, these businesses, particularly TV and Radio, have truly bounced back in 2010. Revenues in our Local Broadcasting segments were up 17% for the quarter with TV station advertising revenues up 31% and Radio ad revenue up 8%. At the same time, Local Broadcasting OIBDA was up more than 100% year-over-year and we added 14 points of OIBDA margin versus last year's second quarter. Even better, we see this growth continuing through the rest of the year. The second quarter's local TV ad growth is continuing well into the third. We do not foresee a slowdown.  In addition, political advertising is shaping up to be a major driver of our performance in the fourth quarter, where we'll have two things working in our favor: a large number of critical hard court elections in many of our major markets and the new court decision, which allows increased spending.  Outdoor is now joining the momentum as well. Second quarter revenues were up 6% in constant dollars as the advertising marketplace continued to improve. Sales pacing is accelerating into the third quarter as well, so things are looking good going forward. And from an OIBDA perspective, a little revenue growth goes a long, long way in this business. Outdoor adjusted OIBDA for the second quarter was up 76% from the same period last year. A final point on our Local Group, in the coming weeks, we will launch a new Web site in New York that will truly leverage the power of our local assets. It will utilize WCBS TV and our three news and sports radio stations to create a single, local online destination, CBSNewYork.com. We're confident we have a terrific formula to serve the local needs of New Yorkers and we will be rolling out similar sites to other major markets around the country soon. I look forward to reporting to you on the progress of this significant growth opportunity for us.  I think you can see why we're so pleased with the results of the second quarter, which speak to the strength of all of our businesses. Across the board, we saw higher revenues, wider margins and a number of signs pointing to continued sustainable growth. With each quarter, its increasingly clear that CBS is doing more than just participating in an economic recovery. We're producing and distributing excellent content and finding new ways to monetize it all the time. We're establishing and growing meaningful and incremental revenue streams that build upon the quality of our leading content around the world. We are keeping a tight lid on expenses to ensure that even as the economy continues to improve, costs remain contained and our revenue dollars translate more efficiently into profits. We're generating substantial free cash flow and using that cash to help our company going forward by reducing our debt and interest expense. We have every reason to believe that the success we're experiencing across our businesses will continue into the third quarter and then we have the addition of political dollars in the fourth. So not only was the second quarter great, but the future looks bright as well.  Thank you. And with that, I will turn it over to Joe.
Joseph Ianniello: Thanks, Les, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I will provide additional color on the results for the quarter, discuss our recent financing activities and lastly, add to Les's comments on what were seeing in the back half of the year. Starting with our results, the 11% company-wide revenue growth that Les mentioned can be broken down as follows: Total advertising revenues were up 9%, driven by the local and national marketplaces; content licensing and distribution was up 19%, with strong sales from international TV license fees; and affiliate and subscription revenues were up 12% due to our growing subscriber base, as well as substantially higher retrans dollars. At the adjusted OIBDA and operating income level, we are only adjusting for restructuring charges, which amounted to $1.7 million in Q2 2010 and $8.8 million in Q2 2009. So reported OIBDA was actually up 49% and reported operating income was up 80%, both better than adjusted results.  On our last call, we said to expect margin improvement, and you can see it in our results today, driven by revenue growth plus the benefits of our recent restructuring activities. The company's adjusted OIBDA margin expanded 700 basis points from the first quarter to 17% in this quarter and expanded 400 basis points from the second quarter last year. These are not just higher percentages but higher earnings dollars as well. Cable Networks, Local Broadcasting and Outdoor were the biggest drivers. Second quarter adjusted EPS came in at $0.25, which includes a $0.02 loss from foreign currency due to the stronger U.S. dollar, compared to $0.09 last year. In addition to restructuring charges I just mentioned, we are adjusting for the loss of early extinguishment of debt in both periods and some discrete tax items in 2009.  Looking on a year-to-date basis, our revenues were up 11%, adjusted OIBDA was up 44% and adjusted operating income was up 80%, a very strong to rebound from a year ago. Now I'll touch on some on details of our operating segments. Second quarter Entertainment revenues were up 10% to about $1.7 billion. Network ad sales were up 5% for the quarter. Scattered pricing in the quarter was up in the mid-20s above the upfront. Adjusted OIBDA was up 7% to $223 million for the quarter at our Entertainment segment. We have continued to invest in content and we expect to see higher margins starting in 2011 and beyond when you start seeing the effects of our newly-extended NCAA March Madness deal, as well as incremental retrans dollars. We had another solid quarter at our Cable segments, where subscriber and rate increases lead to our 35% OIBDA margin, which by the way, we expect to increase even further. Our Publishing revenues benefited from strong digital book sales, which increased 71% for the quarter and continue to become a growing part of our business. Our Local Broadcast revenues increased 17% this quarter to $678 million. TV station ad sales grew 31% with political advertising contributing six points of growth. Radio station spot sales were up 8% with our top-10 markets finishing up 10%. Category strength in both TV and Radio was broad-based, led by automotive, telecom, retail, financial services and entertainment. While growth our local businesses are strong, we still have lots of room to grow. And as you see in the second quarter, 100% of the revenue increase flowed through to OIBDA, which more than doubled to $214 million, and now represents a 32% margin. Turning to Outdoor, on our constant dollar basis, Outdoor revenues were up 6% in the quarter. The growth in the Americas was 6% led by 9% growth in the United States, while European revenues were up 5% with our biggest market, the U.K., up 14%. OIBDA grew, as Les said, 76%, or $34 million, which significantly exceeded our revenue increases as our low-cost base and restructured contracts are starting to take effect. Turning to our balance sheet, free cash flow came in at $492 million for the quarter, up 40%. But during the first six months of 2010, we generated $1.15 billion of cash, an increase of over $300 million more than all of last year. We've been active on the financing front as well. In Q1, we paid down the entire $400 million asset securitization program. This quarter, we call $415 million of debt, which was due in July, so we had no other maturities this year. We've also tendered for some near-term debt and issued a $500 million 10-year bond. Overall, we have de-levered the company by $840 million since the start of the year and have extended our weighted average debt maturities to 16 years. In fact, our aggregate debt maturities over the next three years is only slightly higher than the free cash flow we just generated in six months. This deleveraging will save us approximately $40 million a year in annualized interest costs. We remain committed to our investment-grade credit rating and our $2 billion credit facility remains undrawn and we have significant headroom within our leverage and coverage ratios. We ended the quarter with $838 million of cash on hand, an increase of $121 million from the beginning of the year, while still achieving all the deleveraging I just mentioned.  In terms of the current marketplace, here's what we're seeing, starting with our content asset. As Les said, we just concluded a strong upfront for the new broadcast season, which is a good starting point for 2011. Scattered pricing in Q3 is accelerating and projected to be up 30-plus percent above the upfront. And this demand is growing as we head into the new season, which will lead to significant pricing premiums. So those advertisers who bought any upfront, I think, will be very pleased. At our Interactive unit, Q3 domestic display sales are pacing up plus 20%. Our content businesses will also benefit in Q3 from another strong quarter from our affiliate and subscription revenues. Turning to our local assets, TV stations are expected to be up in the mid-20s excluding politicals for the third quarter, continuing its first-half momentum. Radio stations are pacing up high single digits with the top 10 markets continuing to lead the way. And our Outdoor group is currently pacing up high single digits on a constant dollar basis. The total company should achieve its highest OIBDA margin of the year in the fourth quarter driven by political advertising contributions, which could approach $200 million for the year. We also want to reiterate our CapEx full-year estimate guidance of $250 million to $300 million, as well as our book income tax rate of approximately 40% for the full year. I'll wrap up with a few final thoughts. The advertising marketplace is rebounding and we expect to be one of the biggest beneficiaries, which means we expect growth for the 2/3 of our revenue base that is advertising. The non-advertising piece also continues to grow, given the structural changes in the business. This includes a growing international demand for our content and incremental retrans and other subscription-based fees. And finally, we remain committed to driving our operating margins, and were confident we can expand these margins, which should generate even higher profit dollars in 2011 and 2012. So theres significant upside in the business model from where we sit today.  With that, Melissa, we can open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll first hear from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Les, I have to ask on the Comcast announcement since its such a big agreement for both companies. And I know youre limited in terms of numbers that you can speak about, but what was strategically the big win here for CBS? And I want to ask about both CBS and Showtime because you mentioned Showtime in your prepared remarks. What were you able to obtain here that gives people gives you more confidence in this sort of long-term growth? And I'm also thinking on CBS about how you are now able, or restricted at all, to monetize that content outside of traditional TV platforms. So I'd love to just get your thoughts on those two businesses as it relates to your content.
Leslie Moonves: Obviously, we are thrilled and I think the Comcast deal was a big win for both companies. And it was global in nature and what was very unusual about it also was that it was a year and a half early before we started. The reason is that there a lot of big wins, and as I said, for both companies. Number one, we've established that CBS will be paid for retrans, something that I've been talking about for years and is a significant part of the future of our company. And that revenue stream that will continue, we now have a dual revenue stream base for CBS going forward. It establishes a growing revenue stream for Showtime. And for those who had any question about the ability of Showtime to continue to increase and thrive in the marketplace, Showtime is now secure and financially in great shape. But once again, from Comcast's point of view, they recognize the value of the content on CBS and Showtime. Plus, for those of you who've been following, Comcast is one of the most advanced companies in talking about online media and how to best use content online in a variety of different ways, whether it be video-on-demand or all sorts of other new methods of doing it. The key for us with this partnership is the flexibility. We're going to be trying lots of things with Comcast to put our media online and our content online. By the same token, it doesn't limit us to do other deals outside of it. So across the board, CBS Showtime new media, its a big win for us going forward. And as I said, it ensures a continuing and growing revenue stream year after year over the long length of this contract.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: So to be clear, it doesn't sound like there's any restrictions on your ability to go to new online distributors with CBS content over the life of the contract?
Leslie Moonves: That's correct.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Then Joe, just on the balance sheet, you've been working on that over the last six or nine months quite a bit, or going back further. We're in an interest environment, which is obviously very attractive. What are the rating agencies telling you in terms of what they want to see? And at what point do you and the agencies feel good enough about being more aggressive there, whether it's hindering from more debt, looking to roll some debt over, if you have the opportunity, or maybe even looking at some kind of return of capital down the road?
Joseph Ianniello: I think, look, we have ongoing conversations with the rating agencies. I think where we sit today, Ben, obviously anything we do is opportunistic. We feel really good about the position were in, the rates that I'm hearing in the marketplace are very attractive. So look, we'll continue to evaluate our opportunity. But clearly we paid down the debt. We're in a much stronger financial position today than we probably ever have been in. So I think well have a lot of opportunities.
Operator: And we'll next hear from Jessica Reif-Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: Les, on Comcast, it is such a big deal. When does it kick in? Were you getting cash before? And can you comment at all on reverse comps, how those talks are going? And it sort of begs the question of what are you guys going to do in all this cash? And then for Joe, on the cost side, could you walk us through some of the big swings that you should be seeing in 2011 on the film side and NCAA? Is there anything from London Underground, and obviously, you've highlighted the expense reduction?
Leslie Moonves: Regarding Comcast, were we getting cash before? We were part, the last deal we did, we were part of Viacom, where there were numerous Cable Networks, as well as CBS, was part of that deal. So it was a year and a half for us remaining on that deal. Was the corporation getting paid something? Yes, they were. And were we getting some advantage for? Yes, we were. But this was a new deal because it's the first time weve negotiated with Comcast as a freestanding network, not part of any other large cable group. So regarding discussions, yes, we are having discussions with our affiliates and certain deals have been struck where we are sharing and we are getting paid money from our affiliates as bigger deals come up. That is part of the new way of doing business and everybody acknowledges, one again, we are providing premium content and that should be paid for, both by the MSOs, as well as our affiliates. And that's whats happening here. When we talk about what are we going to do with our cash, obviously, we are in very solid shape, as Joe said, with having paid down the debt. We're examining that as we speak before the end of the year. We're going to determine what to do with our cash, whether it involves paying down further debt, whether it involves retraining money to our shareholders in the form of increased dividends or share repurchase. We have historically returned money to our shareholders, and that's always been an important piece to us. So stay tuned and we'll have a decision on that before the end of the year.
Joseph Ianniello: And Jessica, on the cost side for 2011, here's what we know without getting to specific numbers. Program costs at the network are going to be down. The NCAA contract is going to make sports certainly more profitable. We're going to benefit from large restructured Outdoor contracts. We didn't have New York. We restructured Washington, as two examples. We're going to continue to benefit from the recent restructuring activities that we just went through, $59 million in the first two quarters of this year. And obviously, the lower debts going to have lower interest costs. So those kind of six things off the top of my head are kind of going to benefit '11.
Operator: And we'll now go to Anthony DiClemente with Barclays Capital.
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital: So my Comcast question is pretty simple, which is the duration of the deal, which is why 10 years and why not three or five? I guess its for Les or Joe. The idea being that retrans here is an acceleration phase and the question would be, it seems like youre locking in ceiling price on the deal over a 10-year period, and if the value of CBS signal is truly appreciating over that time period, then why do that?
Leslie Moonves: Anthony, obviously, the discussions began with Comcast a number of months ago and we talk about traditional deals of three years and five years. And then as we talked about our future together, we said okay, this is where retrans is today. This is where we think it's going to be growing to. And why is there automatically an assumption that we haven't realized a full value? When you make a long-term assumption, obviously, escalators are built-in to our best knowledge. There's a great deal of flexibility with our new media prospects and there's a certain amount of knowledge about where these deals are going. So yes, could it fluctuate, could Comcast in the end of 10 years be paying us more than some of their other deals or less than some of their other deals? I guess that's possible. But overall, we see an increase, a growth over the course of time for Showtime and CBS, and incremental pricing is built in to what we both felt was fair. So it was an opportunity to have sustained growth, sustained revenue, which I know it's important to you guys as you look at as an advertising company, and just assume for a second that we may have been able to sort of get a fair deal on what this would be worth in 10 years.
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital: On the international syndication sales that you talk about in the release in the quarter, it seems like over the past few quarters, you've been able to book these international syndication sales a little bit sooner than maybe historically. And I could be wrong about that. But, I mean, The Good Wife is in its second season. And so I just wonder is there something thats changed structurally in the way that you do business and the way that you do that abroad? And does it actually -- if your booking those syndication sells sooner, I'm wondering, does that put more pressure on the current season TV releases to actually be more successful, because not only do you have the network ad sales banking on the current releases, but you also have the following year's syndication sales.
Joseph Ianniello: Anthony, its Joe. The answer to your question is no. Were not changing the way we're booking international syndication. I think what you may be confusing is we sold domestically NCIS: Los Angeles very early. So thats something that were seeing domestic syndication, people buying before we get to four years. But internationally, they buy at the same time that we put it on the network. So whats growing there is really the demand and the pricing that's growing. So its really, theres no accounting change going on, just so were clear.
Leslie Moonves: Anthony, the system always is, you do the upfront, then you come back and show it to the international buyers, and then there comes a bidding war for the best product. As Joe said, our numbers internationally were pretty phenomenal this year with Hawaii Five-0, quite frankly, breaking international records on what it was getting. What was significant last year is NCIS sold after six episodes, which in previous years, that's domestically, you would've needed to wait until there were already at least three years to shop. Now because the demand was so high for that show on and The Mentalist over at Warner Bros., that people are bidding for shows right out of the box, which is a great thing for us.
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital: And why is that? And then I'll stop. But what's driving that demand? It seems like the demand is changing?
Leslie Moonves: It's called competition. When Turner and USA both wants NCIS: L.A., you get a bidding war and get it earlier. By the way, we're happy to get the bidding war and were happy if they want to give us their money now.
Joseph Ianniello: And just add to that, Anthony, its obviously why they are doing that, is they need that content to go to their MSOs to drive their affiliate fees. So like we've been saying all along, best content gets the highest fees.
Leslie Moonves: So USA Network, which is doing very well with original content, the highest-rated show on that network is the original NCIS, not any of the shows that they are originating. And they expect that NCIS: L.A. will be their next highest show.
Operator: Michael Morris with Davenport has our next question.
Unidentified Analyst: You talked about a lot of the positive things you have going on as you look forward into 2011. We also know that you do have some headwinds or some tough comps between the political you discussed, the Super Bowl, things like that. Can you help us understand the magnitude of these initiatives that you think are going to drive in 2011? Knowing what know right now, will they be able to offset the challenges that you have from those tough comparisons? So that's my first question. What's the potential for growth? And then second, Joe, just to go back to the balance sheet, you talked about maintaining your investment-grade rating and deleveraging has been part of your strategy. But at this point, how much more do you really need to deleverage? I mean, you're talking billions, hundreds of millions? What are you thinking there? And what's the gating factor between now and say, the end of the year, to start addressing return of capital to shareholders?
Joseph Ianniello: On the balance sheet one, yes. Look again, like we said, was $840 million. So I don't think it's billions, what were talking about. I think were being very prudent and conservative. So we want to continue that. So it's going to be clearly a smaller number on the debt side. And I think, again, what we're doing is we're making sure we're being responsible as we come up with a holistic things to do with our cash. And I think we've been pretty prudent to date and we're going to continue to do so. But we have been proponents of returning capital to shareholders. We have done some share repurchase programs, some ASRs when we had that. And we have then maintained a dividend throughout our separation from Viacom. So you're going to continue to see us discuss all those things. As far as 2011 goes, I mean, look, I just sized political for you. The Super Bowl, I mean, you know the way the accounting works for that. So it may be interesting on top of revenue, but not in terms of profits. So Im not sure what other headwinds youre referring to. But Im going to point to a strong upfront that starts the season, since we know that's good. We know we have accelerated growth in retrans. I just jotted a list of other cost items that are going to be a benefit. So we're confident we can have expanded margins in 2011 that's going to lead to additional profit dollars, like we said.
Operator: We'll now have from Brian Shipman with Jefferies.
Brian Shipman - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Another question on the retrans deal, what, if any, are the potential costs associated with that deal? And is it safe to assume youve built in a big step-up in margins in association with that contract?
Leslie Moonves: Number one, there are no costs associated with it. It is money that is paid from Comcast to us per se. In terms of the margins, Joe, what was the
Joseph Ianniello: Look, I think again, obviously, those are very incremental margin dollars and as we both said, I think you should assume the deal factors in attractive growth rates. So its a10-year deal and we look forward to the financial benefits to the company in each of the next 10 years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laura Martin with Needham & Company.
Laura Martin - Needham & Company, LLC: Could you talk about the film business next year, what you're expecting -- number of films, total budget and how that compared to this year? And well all do own our ultimates here on Wall Street and you won't be happy with them, Im sure. And then Joe, for you, Id like to talk about return on invested capital. One of the things were seeing increasingly in these large entertainment conglomerates, specifically at Time Warner and even at Viacom, as were getting increasing compensation systems being tied to return on capital. And given that you guys just did a full year cash flow in six months, your returns on invested capital is actually exploding. Is there any thought that you guys might time or be talking more about return on invested capital and capital efficiency as we go forward here into 2011?
Joseph Ianniello: Look, return on invested capital we measure all the time. We look at it. Its certainly a financial metric, I think, that we look to. Clearly, again, our compensation, and we look at our stock price, we look at building enterprise value. So every decision we make is really for the enterprise value. So we're going to continue to do that, Laura. So I don't think you're going to see anything different. I think we've shown we've been disciplined throughout. So stay tuned, but I don't think anything really changes in the way we approach our business.
Leslie Moonves: And Laura, on the films, we will have released three movies this year, our third ones coming out Thanksgiving next year. We have Beastly scheduled, which cost all $17 million. We are looking at the next release after that probably to be a movie that we have acquired so the risk will be rather minimal. Then therell be a couple of movies that we will be producing, and as I said, we'll be announcing soon. Once again, we're keeping our discipline and were staying below the $40 million range in terms of our investment. Even Faster, which is coming out in November, cost $34 million, but it's a co-production with Sony. We have a domestic and we're only into that movie for $17 million. So although people like to talk about it because it's sexy, its still a very tiny part of our business.
Operator: Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank has our next question.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: So well go back to the sort of 30,000-foot view questions here. Les, I know you prefer operating from strength, not weakness. Your business is recovering, your balance sheets in good shape. Any further thoughts on streamlining your asset base at all, in things like U.K., Outdoor or Publishing, or even domestic Outdoor, all seem non-core. And Im guessing you think your stock is cheap, so reallocating capital from non-core businesses to your stock might make some sense. And then separately, on the new Comcast deal, how does VOD work now? Thats something thats always been difficult to monetize. As they put more of your shows on VOD, is that something you'd be able to monetize at a reasonable level?
Leslie Moonves: Regarding the asset mix, we've always spoken about possibly divesting some of our tomorrow-market radio and television stations. In fact, we still intend to do that. But once again, there's no great hurry to do that. And unless we get the right pricing for that, we're not going to do that. However, there appears to be some nice activity now in some of the pricing, so I wouldn't be surprised if over the next six months to a year, we do divest some of our radio stations in a few markets and maybe one or two television stations. In terms of VOD, Doug, once again, it is not a big cash business yet. There will be some more content on VOD. It does work, but there is a profit-sharing on there. But it's not a major business. We've been doing this with Comcast, frankly, for five or six years. It really is not a great effect to the bottom line for either them or us.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: Maybe if I can refine the question for you, Les. I mean, to the extent that viewership is moving online and/or to the VOD, do you feel pressure over time to try to get ad revenue from those distribution sources equivalent to your traditional TV viewing? Or do you feel the economics of the retrans more than makes up for viewership shifts?
Leslie Moonves: Obviously, retrans makes up a lot for cents. It really does cover us quite a bit. Having that dual revenue stream is terrific for us. Obviously, content is going more and more online, which is why we're exploring that. It, obviously, right now doesn't come close to the amount of revenue we're generating over the air in our normal broadcast methods. As it grows, we are going to need to monetize it so that there are dollars replacing dollars and that is the game plan and the potential for things like TV Everywhere is something that is attractive for us. In other words, if Comcast is paying us for sub, then that sub should be paying the MSO their fee to be able to get our product online. So the great news about the new deal, a lot of it is experimentation. A lot of it is very flexible and you're going to be seeing all sorts of new things going on between us.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Miller with Caris & Company.
David Miller - Caris & Company: Les, another question on the reverse compensation, if I may: So you have NFL Football starting in about a month and you've done a wonderful job in getting the cable MSOs to pay you for your signal within the own-affiliate group. So with football about the start here, do you see using the AFC Network package as leverage to get the non-owned affiliate group to pay you a portion, otherwise known as reverse compensation, obviously. And if they don't want to cooperate, would you go as far as pulling certain NFL Football games off the air in those local markets?
Leslie Moonves: We would never go so far as to say, okay, you're in Cincinnati. We're pulling the Bengals from your marketplace. Obviously, we are spending a lot of money, as you pointed out, David, on our content, NFL included, our programming, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. And we feel it's appropriate as our contracts with our affiliated stations come up that they pay us some money for that in reverse comp. We also expect our affiliated stations to be getting money, getting paid, from the MSOs and satellite companies, et cetera, and they should be getting paid for having that content. But once again, we hopefully will, and so far we have done that, successfully negotiated with all of them as the contracts come up to be able to make a deal thats satisfactory to both sides. And weve been successful without any threats of pulling the plug. And that's the way we prefer to negotiate.
Operator: We'll now hear from James Mitchell with Goldman Sachs.
James Mitchell - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: First of all, more operation, it looked like the Local Broadcast division costs were down a little bit in the second quarter year-on-year after being up a little bit year-on-year in the first quarter. How did you bring costs down in that division against the momentous momentum you saw in revenue? And then second question, which would probably be the 14th question regarding Comcast, why not update your guidance for over $250 million in retrans revenue in 2012, given the Comcast deal presumably energizes payments from the 11-million-odd subscribers?
Joseph Ianniello: Okay, so let me start with a Local Broadcasting. Look, we, obviously, at the end of last year, James, we put TV stations and radio stations under common management. So we took a restructuring charge in the first quarter of 2010. So clearly in the second quarter, you're starting to see the benefits. Also in the second quarter of 2009, we did have a $14 million write-off, which we have in the press release. So those two factors, I think, contributed to, again, lower costs. But, I mean, the key for us is you're seeing significant flow-through from the revenue into profits and you see what happens to the margin and expansion. And just to point out, just to be clear with you, I mean, we don't give guidance on the 250. What we said was we were well on track for that. This deal kind of validates that, and obviously, it's 10-year deal. So obviously, we expect growth from there. So really that's what we...
Leslie Moonves: And with our partners, we have agreed also not to get too specific about details. This is a very global deal that includes a lot of assets for us and Comcast, so it's better not to be too specific, James.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Meltz with JP Morgan.
Michael Meltz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: On the free cash flow, Joe, can you talk a little bit about -- you did a little over $900 million of EBITDA in the first half. You did $1,001,000,000 plus of free cash flow. Obviously, you had some working capital benefits. But in the second half, what type of conversion should be expecting on free cash flow? And I think on the comp, whoever asked it earlier, I think you have the syndication comp in the third quarter. Can you just clarify what that is, please?
Joseph Ianniello: On free cash flow, obviously, Michael, with long-term, you cant convert more than 100% of EBITDA into cash flow. So clearly, that's the benefit, what you saw there in the first six months of: A, the Super Bowl, because again, the way to cash comes in; and two, the five shows you were just alluding to that went into syndication last year third quarter. So the cash is clearly coming in. What we said on the fourth quarter earnings call is if you just look back traditionally, knowing good times or bad, we convert 50-plus-percent kind of EBITDA to cash flow. So we hope to be in at least at that kind of range, and obviously, starting in excess of 100 for the first six months versus well, underway for doing that. As far as the syndication question, clearly, in the third quarter last year, we recognized five shows that went into syndication last year. So the good news is we have a fresh group of young shows that have been hit, whether it hits 12 or 13, will be up to us, and how we make those shows available. But the pipeline, it continues to grow. The international demand continues to grow. And weve got to remember there's also second cycles. And I just finished by telling you that the first quarter this year will have a strong political, as we alluded to as well.
Michael Meltz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then just one clarification, I think you said scatter in the second quarter was up 25%, but the network was only up 5%. Can you just give a little bit more clarity on the disconnect there?
Joseph Ianniello: Because last years upfront was down, and when you do the weighting, you only get up 5%.
Michael Meltz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And going forward, that should probably reverse a little bit?
Joseph Ianniello: Well, we just sold the new upfront, right? We said very high single digits. And what we said is scatter is accelerating. So what we're seeing is the new seasons early, so theres only in the third, is only a week or so. But we're seeing 30 plus percent scattered pricing increases on top of this year's upfront. That's what gives it a lot of confidence about 2011.
Operator: Then we'll hear from Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Can you talk about underlying trends, specifically for local revenue at your TV station, Radio station and Outdoor segments? I guess what I'm getting at is the difference between national and local growth in the second quarter and what this looks like in Q3.
Joseph Ianniello: It's mostly local that' driving and I think the national, certainly, even if the network level weathered the recession much better than local. But the local advertising clearly is coming back at a faster pace. Still a ways to go, but whats key to us is very broad. It's all categories across the board that's really driving this, so the depth of that gives us a lot of encouragement. And what Id also like to add, their booking these dollars sooner. So that also means that they have some confidence in their business or they think pricing is going up.
Leslie Moonves: And Marci, whats significant, and we've noticed this and this is really special to point out: Its not slowing down. I know people want to say its slowing down the recovery. The third quarter pacing is as good as, in certain cases better, than the second quarter pacings have been. So we're very encouraged that the momentum really is continuing in the local businesses.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Did you see any weakness in June and July like some of your peers did?
Joseph Ianniello: By month, or whatever, I think you can just look at the second quarter. By month, I mean, again, you can have a month that's a little better than the other month. But I think when you look at the second quarter, the second quarter was actually better than the first quarter. And as Les said, we see that continuing into the third, Marci. So everything that we see, we're encouraged. So the future's bright.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: You said local was growing faster, but is there still a big gap between national and local, so local just has further to catch up?
Joseph Ianniello: Yes. Firmly, I think that's fair. I think local has further to catch up and we still have a ways to go back to the historical levels. So like I said, there's a lot of dollars to still grow here. So the whole pie is growing and we expect, I should say, to take market share.
Adam Townsend: Thank you, everyone, for joining us this evening. Have a good night.
Operator: That does conclude our conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-05-06 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Leslie Moonves - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Sumner Redstone - Founder and Executive Chairman Joseph Ianniello - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Brian Shipman - Jefferies & Company, Inc. James Goss - Barrington Research Associates, Inc. Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG Jessica Reif-Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch Alan Gould - Soleil Securities Group, Inc. Michael Meltz - JP Morgan Chase & Co Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Laura Martin - Needham & Company, LLC Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CBS Corporation First Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead, sir.
Adam Townsend: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our First Quarter 2010 Earnings Call. Joining me for today's discussion are Sumner Redstone, our Executive Chairman; Leslie Moonves, President and CEO; and Joe Ianniello, Executive Vice President and CFO. Sumner will have opening remarks, and we'll then turn the call over to Les and Joe who will discuss the strategic and financial results. We'll then open the call up to questions.  Let me note that statements on this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's news releases and securities filings.  A webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website at cbscorporation.com. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found in our earnings release, our full year Form 10-K or on our website.  With that, its now my pleasure to turn the call over to Sumner.
Sumner Redstone: Thank you, Adam. Good afternoon, everyone, and I thank you for being with us today. What a difference a year makes as we look back on a truly great quarter. It's really gratifying to see the rewards of all the hard work put in by Les and his management team.  Even in the most challenging times, we've never wavered in our focus. We reduced expenses, we strengthened our balance sheet, we invested in premium content and we maintained our leading position in local TV and radio. In good times and in bad, we've kept to our long-term strategy of serving growth and shareholder value. As a result, no company today is poised to benefit from the improving economy more than we are.  The CBS television network continues its reign at number one. CBS Studio shows have thrived within global syndication. Premium cable continues to grow. We are ideally positioned in the largest local markets as they rebound, and we built a leading global presence on the internet as well.  Without a doubt, CBS is built for long-term success. The results we're reporting today are not only a sign of momentum but a preview of the kind of success that I believe, that I know, CBS will have for many, many years to come.  And now, I would like to turn the call over to my very good friend and my colleague, CBS's President and CEO, the incomparable, Leslie Moonves.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you, Sumner, very much, and good afternoon to everybody. Thank you for joining us today. As you can see from our numbers today, we've just finished an extraordinary quarter. We're off to a terrific start this year, and the momentum reflected in these first quarter results is continuing right into the second quarter and beyond. Obviously, we are in a much better operating environment.  In addition to that, we are now seeing the results of many significant steps we have taken to position CBS for success not just this year but for many years to come. With proper cost cutting and by establishing consistent new revenue streams, the future is indeed bright, and as the strong ad market continues to shine, our results are very satisfying.  Today, I'm going to briefly review our results and some operating highlights of the first quarter, as well as discuss what we're seeing in the second quarter and into the future. Then, I'll turn it over to Joe to offer some more details on our financial results and balance sheet. Then as always, we'll be happy to take your questions. Beginning with our very strong first quarter results, revenues of $3.5 billion were up 12% from the same quarter last year. This is our first double-digit year-over-year revenue increase since we became a stand-alone company at the end of 2005, and it represents strength in our biggest businesses across the organization. Our adjusted OIBDA of $351 million was up 40% year-over-year, and our adjusted operating income of $211 million was up 94%.  As you know, we've spent the past two years reducing our cost structure across the entire company, and we now have the operating leverage to show for it. We've expanded our margin so we can build on that progress going forward. At the same time, we generated $660 million in free cash flow during the first quarter, more than triple the amount for the same period last year, and we continue to take steps to fortify our already-strong financial position. We have reduced our debt and taken advantage of favorable markets to refinance near-term debt at favorable terms. More on that later from Joe.  There are three major factors that not only drove our strong results in the quarter but point to continued momentum throughout 2010 as well. First, in our Entertainment segment. At the network, we had great success in both our regularly scheduled programming and our major events. All of our tent-pole events, including the Super Bowl, the Grammys, the NCAA basketball tournament have posted multi-year highs and even broken records this year. Our number one network schedule and the growing success of our big event programming have been sold into what has become a very, very hot scatter market, and we are very well positioned going into the upfront. It will be the strongest one in years. The second factor is the remarkable turnaround in local broadcasting where the advertising marketplace has improved significantly. We've got a great story here with 29% revenue growth at our TV stations and 9% growth in Radio which also is due to better programming. Their growth we're seeing today validates our long-term commitment to large market local presence.  And third, there's continuing and strong growth of Cable Networks where OIBDA was up 21% in the quarter. This business has grown every single year since the separation in 2005, and it will continue to grow and remains a big part of our overall portfolio going forward. All of these areas played an instrumental role in our fourth quarter top line results. We continue to deliver on our promise to position CBS for success in both the near and long term. That's clear from the many first quarter financial and operational highlights of our content and local businesses we're sharing with you today.  Let's take a quick look at some of them now. Beginning with our Content Group and its largest segment, Entertainment. Within Entertainment, the CBS Television Network was our best performer, benefiting from the dramatic improvement in national advertising, the continued strength of our number one network, and as I said, our record-breaking Super Bowl performance. Network advertising revenues were up 25% in the quarter. We've been the biggest beneficiary of a very strong primetime scatter market with pricing up 30% over last year's upfront. Scatter continues to be very strong in the second quarter and things are looking very positive for us heading into the upfront. We expect to see solid increases when we sell our number one primetime schedule in this year's upfront marketplace.  Along with the Super Bowl, we also had tremendous ratings success with the NCAA men's basketball tournament this year. The championship game was up 31% over a year ago and the most watched since 1997. Going forward, we will continue to broadcast television's biggest events with costs that allow us to grow our profits as well. To that end, a couple of weeks ago, we finalized the deal with the NCAA along with Turner Broadcasting Group to extend our relationship for the tournament through 2024. As you've heard, this is a terrific deal for our company. It secures CBS as the year-round sports broadcast leader well into the next decade. And what's most important is that we'll keep this franchise in a way that is profitable for us. Previously, we had escalating rights fees that would have been challenging in the next three years. Now we have a deal that will have a positive impact to our results in its very first year and for the life of the contract. Also importantly, CBS is positioned in primetime programming and sports rights enhances our ability to benefit from the dual-revenue-stream broadcast model that continues to emerge.  Retrans [retransmission] is a significant reality today. The value of broadcast content is finally being recognized and paid for. As we read everyday, the financial model of broadcast television is being greatly improved, and CBS is capturing the benefits of that. We are on pace for north of $100 million in retrans revenues this year, and we'll achieve multiples of that number going forward. In addition to that, we're also now receiving incremental affiliate fees from our non-owned CBS television stations. We recently announced one significant new deal which follows others and there will be many, many more to come. All of this is adding up to meaningful, additional revenues that have never been accrued before. So now, we're getting paid for our premium television content through advertising, through retrans and through affiliate fees.  Domestic and international syndication is another business that produces recurring and steady revenues, and it continues to perform well for us. Our shows are being syndicated faster and are reaching broader global audiences than ever before. And NCIS is shaping up to be a global franchise for us that may rival CSI in power and reach. As we capture more and more of these non-advertising-driven revenues, we're better monetizing our leading television content and diversifying our revenue base.  We're focusing on monetizing our content online as well, and CBS Interactive turned in a strong performance in the first quarter of 2010. Display advertising revenues were up 19% year-over-year as this business benefited from both our growing online presence and the recovery that is taking hold in the online marketplace.  We've consistently grown traffic levels, and that's driven our ad growth. Leading sites like CNET, BNET, CBSsports.com and CBSNews.com continue to pose year-over-year increases and offer our advertisers a unique combination of original Internet content and broadcast video.  At CBS Films, our most recent movie, The Back-up Plan, is having a very respectable run. It's performed considerably better than our first film, and we anticipate continued improvement for this new division going forward. Turning to Cable Network. This content business turns out single-digit revenue growth and double-digit profit growth quarter after quarter. As I said, it continues to deliver for the company year in and year out, both financially and creatively.  Showtime Networks, the Smithsonian Channel and the CBS College Sports Network all added subscribers during the quarter. Showtime's content of original programming, sports and movies makes it must-have premium cable channel. And in the future, Showtime's movie lineup will include the recent Academy award-winning The Hurt Locker, the very popular Twilight series as well as Inglorious Basterds. Plus, we recently announced the new output deal for all DreamWorks films beginning with Steven Spielberg's upcoming World War I movie, War Horse. The final component of our Content Group is Publishing. Simon & Schuster's first quarter revenues were off from last year, but we've done a lot in this division to reduce costs. As a result, despite lower revenues, first quarter OIBDA was up from last year. S&S has also made great strides in the fast-growing digital space. Our e-book Library is nearly up to nearly 8,000 titles, and we have custom apps and downloads for virtually every mobile device. Digital sales more than tripled in the first quarter and represent a growing share of our overall Publishing revenues. Turning to our Local Group. We have seen an even more pronounced improvement in market conditions, particularly in our local TV and radio operations. Local Broadcasting revenues of $606 million for the first quarter of 2010 were up 19% from last year's first quarter. TV stations led the way but radio joined in the momentum as well.  Based on current pacing, local TV ad revenue will be up north of 25% in the second quarter. And looking forward, a very strong political marketplace is just beginning. The many hotly contested races that are picking up speed and the recent Supreme Court ruling give us great optimism that political spending will be a positive development for us. The great majority of this will be seen in the third and fourth quarters.  In Radio, fixing programming in our large markets continue to pay off with audience share growing fastest in our top 10 markets. In fact, in the first quarter, we added nearly 2 million listeners in our top 10 markets over last year's quarter, and this audience growth is translating to revenue. So far in the second quarter, Radio pacing is up high-single digits with major markets leading the way. For the first time in five years, we're seeing major plus signs in every financial metric in Radio. Healthy revenues across our Local Broadcasting segment are translating to strong profit growth helped significantly by our reduced cost structure. As you saw in our release, adjusted OIBDA of $134 million was up 148% year-over-year.  At Outdoor, we're seeing improvement as well. Sales pacing, which is flat year-over-year at this time last quarter, is now up mid-single digits with particular strength in large markets. So our revenue outlook for this year is brightening. Like our other local businesses, the generally fixed nature of our expenses in Outdoor means that when revenues rise, we quickly see the positive impact on our operating profits. Taken together, our local businesses, which were hit the hardest in 2009, are now producing nearly $1 billion in quarterly revenues for our company, an improvement of 12% over a year ago.  In thinking about the quarter, 2010 and beyond, we're optimistic. CBS is doing a lot more than just reaping the benefits of an improving economy. We've taken a number of actions to position this company for success both in the near term and for years to come. For sometime now, we've committed to make sure CBS would thrive in a changing media landscape. We continue to execute on that vision every day. We have long worked to establish a dual-revenue-stream for broadcast television and now retrans is a fact in our business.  Our goal has always been to produce and broadcast the best contents, and year after year, we have the number one network. We said that syndication is a lucrative market place and one that ultimately rewards the best contents, and we've since made record-breaking deals like the one for NCIS: Los Angeles.  We promised to get bigger in the emerging digital marketplace, and today, we are among the leading global internet companies. When others did not, we believed in large market local broadcasting, and that strategy is paying us off through our actions to capitalize on the dramatic recovery that is underway. We said we would successfully refinance our debt and we are. I think it's clear that this company delivers on its promises. Going forward, we will continue to do so, and I assure you the best is yet to come.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joseph Ianniello: Thanks, Les, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'm going to touch on some highlights for the quarter then discuss our recent financing activities and lastly, update you on trends we're seeing in Q2.  I'll start with the total company results. As we said on our last call, 2010 was going to be about driving the top line, continuing to focus on controlling costs and generating significant amounts of free cash flow. This quarter results demonstrate just that. Revenues for the quarter were up 12% to $3.5 billion. We continue to restructure our operations and recorded a $57 million charge with the associated savings starting to kick in next quarter, and free cash flow is up over a threefold to $660 million for the quarter. Our 12% revenue increase was driven by a solid advertising marketplace.  Total company advertising revenue was up 17% for the quarter led by the Super Bowl. Without the Super Bowl, our ad revenues are still up high-single digits. Affiliate and subscription fees also increased 11%.  Adjusted OIBDA, which only excludes the restructuring charge I just mentioned, was up 40% for the quarter to $351 million. Our quarter-over-quarter OIBDA margin expanded 200 basis points. Adjusted EPS came in at $0.05 from a loss of $0.05 last year. We are adjusting for the restructuring charge and some discreet tax items. In 2010, we recorded a $26 million tax expense which included the impact of the change in the Healthcare Reform Act as well as favorable settlements of some state and local audits. These items, taken as a whole, had a negative $0.09 per share impact to our reported results. In 2009, we had a $19 million tax charge related to stock-based compensation, which amounted to $0.03 per share. Full reconciliations can be found in our press release.  Let me discuss a few segment highlights. Entertainment revenues increased 15% to $2.1 billion led by the Super Bowl. Leading categories at network ad sales included financial services, telcos, auto and retail. We saw a slight decline in our Entertainment OIBDA before restructuring charges to $145 million from $151 million last year. The OIBDA was impacted by lower margin revenues from the Super Bowl as well as timing of programming costs. As an example, during Q1, we produced more of our own hit shows like NCIS: Los Angeles and The Good Wife. This will result in higher margins later in the year and subsequent years as a result of syndication of our studio product and expansion into additional international territories.  Cable Networks' revenues increased 8% to $368 million due to rate and subscriber increases. Cable OIBDA increased 21% due to the solid revenue growth. OIBDA growth would have been even higher except for the timing of costs associated with series' premieres. The OIBDA margin for the remainder of the year for this segment will be considerably higher than Q1. Publishing revenue for this quarter decreased $10 million from $162 million to $152 million reflecting the continued softness in the base retail market. Publishing still managed to turn in higher OIBDA before restructuring despite lower revenues as our reduced cost base took effect. Local Broadcasting revenues were up 19% to $606 million with TV stations up 29%. Without the Super Bowl, TV stations were up north of 20% and Radio was up 9%. On a same-station basis, Radio would have been up double digits. Local Broadcasting OIBDA before restructuring was $134 million up 148% as Les said. We doubled the margin of this business and achieved about an 85% flow-through from revenue, and we continue to take costs out of this segment. So with modest revenue growth, we will see continued further margin expansion.  Outdoor revenues for the quarter were up 3% to $392 million. However, foreign currency contributed favorably four points of that growth. European revenues were up 1% in constant dollars. Outdoor OIBDA before restructuring charges increased 24% reflecting lower costs due to the cost-savings initiatives we implemented last year. We have also taken further cost out of the infrastructure this quarter, so we should see strong margin expansion in the next couple of quarters. Turning to our balance sheet. We said we were focused on delevering the balance sheet, and let me discuss how we delivered on that promise. We paid down $400 million of our asset securitization as that source of financing became inefficient. Under the new accounting rules, this paydown is reflected in financing activities on our cash flow statement. We also pulled the $415 million of debt that was due in July of this year and paid it down with cash on hand in April. You will see that effect on our second quarter balance sheet. Also during the quarter, we were able to buy back $20 million of our longer-dated security at a discount in the open market. So that brings our total deleveraging to a $835 million already this year, and we ended the quarter with $873 million of cash on hand.  In April, we also issued a new $500 million ten-year bond at a coupon of 5.75%. We took those proceeds and tended for our near-term maturities due in 2011 and 2012. So right now, we don't have anymore debt maturing in 2010. And in 2011, we are down to $550 million due, a very manageable amount considering our cash position and a $2 billion undrawn credit facility.  We are still focused on our balance sheet, and we'll continuously monitor the credit markets to tap them opportunistically. Our strong cash flow gave us the ability to delever as quickly as we have. Capital spending, cash taxes and interest were all better for the quarter. But the biggest benefit came from working capital.  On our last call, we mentioned our strong historical conversion of OIBDA into free cash flow. Because of our strong first quarter, we are positioned to have a very strong cash flow year which will be helped by political spending, particularly in the fourth quarter as all the cash is paid upfront before airing. Next, let me tell you about some trends we're seeing, starting with our content assets. Our Q1 strength is continuing into Q2. Scatter pricing at the network in the second quarter is currently up 20-plus percent, and we are well positioned for a strong upfront. Q2 domestic ad sales is pacing 20-plus percent for our Interactive unit, and our Cable Network revenue should continue to grow steadily in Q2.  Turning to our local assets. The 25-plus percent pacing increase Les mentioned at the Television Station Group for the second quarter is even more impressive when you consider that there's no Super Bowl in Q2. Our top 10 Radio markets are leading the way in the second quarter and pacing up double digits. Our Outdoor group is currently pacing up mid-single digits on a constant-dollar basis and high-single digits on a reported basis. We said Outdoor was lagging our local businesses in the recovery, but now that growth seems to be accelerating.  Q1 is historically our lowest-margin quarter of the year, and you can expect our operating margin to expand throughout the year but the fourth quarter being our strongest. As reminder, our Q2 financing activities will result in an accounting charge for the early extinguishment of a debt of approximately $40 million pretax which will be recorded in the second quarter. However, this cost will be offset by future interest savings. So to wrap up, our businesses are growing the top line, we're expanding our margins and we're generating lots of free cash flow. I want to underscore what Les said about CBS going forward. We are positioning the company for the long-term success and increased stability in our operations, and reduced balance sheet exposure, and our recent actions demonstrate that.  Thank you, and we'll now take your questions. Operator, please open the lines.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from Anthony DiClemente with Barclays Capital.
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital: I have one for Joe and one for Les. Joe, this is an annoying analyst question, but wondering in the quarter, what did ad revenues do at the network if I exclude Sports on a year-over-year basis?
Joseph Ianniello: We don't break out that answer. Packages sold across Sports, Entertainment, News, Products. So we don't break out that. Obviously, you saw the strong scatter pricing and it's going to continue to the upfront.
Leslie Moonves: And that scatter pricing, by the way that we mentioned, that is primarily prime time. That has nothing to do with sports. So you could sort of take out that it has nothing to do with sports.
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital: Can I at least assume that prime time revenues at the network were up in the quarter?
Joseph Ianniello: I think that's a fair assumption, yes.
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital: One for Les. The deal that you announced with your affiliate, the Nextar affiliate in Pennsylvania. One thing it said in the release was that you appreciate Nextar's recognition of the value of being a CBS affiliate. I'm just curious as to what that value was? How much that was back to the CBS net worth? Is that a sign of things to come and how will those deals be structured in the future?
Leslie Moonves: We don't tell an exact amount. As the world of retrans has increased across the board, the assumption was there should be affiliate fees. Our affiliate should pay us or should share with us what they are getting because we are delivering top-quality programming and top-quality sports rights. So it is a deal that reflects us getting a share of what they're getting. It is affiliate fees. And frankly, as each affiliate deal comes up, there will be the recognition that the reason they're able to get what they are able to get from MSO is because what the network is providing, and it is important for us to share on that revenue.
Joseph Ianniello: And Anthony, this is Joe. Just to add, I mean we could structure those deals in different ways. I mean there could be recurring fees, as well as upside as a percentage of revenue. So they all kind of take different forms and different actions. But we're obviously just focused on maximizing cash and getting fair market value for our content.
Operator: The next question comes from Jessica Reif-Cohen with Bank of America.
Jessica Reif-Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: Given the improving market overall, given the refinancing of the balance sheet, could you discuss the possibility of increasing the dividends? Since you had to pick a -- when the market fell apart or buy back, just talk about returning capital and how you view that? And the second question is, clearly, this year was going to be an amazing comeback year. I was hoping you could address next year, some of the swings for next year, how much will film losses come down? What will TV syndication look like year-over-year? It looks like NCAA losses will come down with the Turner deal, retransfer versus comp, looks like it will go up. Obviously the upfront will be good. And are there more cost savings from -- there's a lot of speculation with CNN doing those kind of deals. So can you just kind of go through some of the kind of swing factor as we may see over the next year?
Leslie Moonves: I'll talk about our cash and returning capital. Obviously, we're very pleased with where we are with the cash flow and what we've been doing. And Joe has done a terrific job of restructuring our debt, and we're in a very good place in terms of de-risking our balance sheet. And we constantly monitor our position. All we can say now is a, we do not see any major acquisitions on the horizon. We will look -- we will continue to look at what our cash position is, where we are. We'll Look at it very, very constantly and very carefully. And as you know, we have always been a proponent of continuously returning value to shareholders. So we will let you know what we're thinking in a few quarters and how it goes. But at the moment, we feel really good about our balance sheet and really good about our cash position, and stay tuned.
Joseph Ianniello: On the second part, Jessica, it's Joe. 2011, obviously, it's not a political year and we don't have the Super Bowl. But the revenue mix is obviously going to be much more profitable. Our base business should continue to grow. Subscription and affiliate fees such as retrans, as Les mentioned, the non-owned and operated affiliate fees are growing. We're heading into a strong upfront, which is only the first quarter with a benefit in 2010. So the other three quarters are going to benefit 2011. We've consistently taken costs out with our restructuring that we just announced this quarter, as well as the NCAA. And so we're constantly operating that. So I think it's fair to say although we don't give guidance, we see our margins expanding in 2011.
Jessica Reif-Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: Can you comment on the rumors about CNN?
Leslie Moonves: We look at all our businesses all the time and how we can improve them. We looked at an NCAA deal and we looked out what and said, "Alright, what is the best situation for CBS?" And we were able to make a terrific deal with Turner and then a terrific deal with NCAA, which as we've said, turned a challenging contract into a positive one. In terms of every part of our operation, we talked to everybody constantly. We've been talking to CNN for years about what we can do together. As you noticed, Anderson Cooper currently appears on 60 Minutes. So there's a lot of sharing going on, and we're in constant dialogue about how do we make our businesses better, how do we make it more efficient, and we will continue to do that.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Moving on to Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: I do have to say Les, the NCAA deal was very innovative. So question about -- Les, you're often asked about CBS's asset mix and whether you see any opportunities to refine it through, for example, selling Outdoor Radio. And we're starting to head into an environment where you could sell something from strength rather then weakness. So has reconfiguring your asset base become more appealing at all? And a follow-up for Joe, you said scatter up 20-plus percent in the second quarter. And I think Les said 30% in the first quarter. Has scatter softened? Because I haven't been hearing that from anybody.
Leslie Moonves: In terms of the asset mix, Doug, you're right. We're in an environment where people are much more interested in our assets, and we're in a very good position. As we've been saying for a while, we are a large market organization in terms of our local assets. So we would look to continue to trim Radio in the not largest markets and even potentially, a couple of television stations. In terms of the other pieces of our business, we like them all. Do we look out and see what's out there? We're strong in the Internet, we're strong in Broadcast. So I would like to sell some of the Radio assets, and there's nothing that I'm being driven to acquire. So you'll probably see our asset mix being trimmed down a bit in Radio and Television, and that's probably the extent of it.
Joseph Ianniello: And the scatter pricing, Doug, it's clearly, right now, I just gave you the current pacing of this week. And clearly, obviously, you changed it from week to week. But I'd say anything kind of north of 20% is growing into a strong upfront marketplace.
Leslie Moonves: And Doug, may I add, usually the first quarter is usually stronger the second quarter in terms of pricing on scatter marketing. As you get closer to the upfront, there's less activity in the scatter marketplace. But considering that we can say we're north of 25% since the first of the year, we're very much looking forward to the upfront.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: I mean what's the strategy here, Les? Scatter pricing was so strong this year. Does that become a tough comparison and you want to minimize how much you sell on the upfront? Or if you get a high single-digit number, is that such a great number that you sell as much as you can and you worry about the inventory comps later?
Leslie Moonves: Look, we've always better ourselves. And we, as you know the last upfront marketplace wasn't that terrific. So we only sold around 65% of the inventory that we had. We anticipate selling more of that this year, but only if the pricing is up a decent amount to equal what we've been getting in scatter. Otherwise, we'll be happy to sell less and wait for our schedule, which we believe will be strong once again.
Operator: And the next question comes from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Joe, on cash flow, I always had you at about $1.2 billion free cash for the year. You just did $650 million in the first quarter. Could you spend a little more time on working capital, cash taxes and what happens for the remainder of the year, if they can't think of anything significant that will swing things in the other direction?
Joseph Ianniello: Again, we don't give guidance on cash flow. But again, let me tell you what we see. We gave guidance on CapEx in our 10-K. We said $250 million to $300 million. Cash taxes, again, we'll monitor. I think we have strategies in place to keep that minimalized. But the benefit, obviously, we benefited from the Super Bowl in the first quarter, as well as the syndication shows that hit last year where we recognized a profit. But if you recall, we said the cash flow would then follow. And I think you're seeing that. As far as any kind of particular drivers, and I pointed out political is paid upfront. That's going to obviously benefit the fourth quarter. So it's just from this point forward and other normal year in terms of any calls on our cash. And with the delevering, we have a run rate of interest expense that's going down kind of $40-plus million. So that should just give you an indication of where we're headed.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: And Les, one of the things we talked about on the News Corp. call yesterday was the network and what's happening with costs and margins and sports cost at Fox. I was wondering if you could talk about -- you obviously did this incidental idea which helps you a lot next year versus this year. But on the prime time side, how are you managing the expenses for your shows and how are you thinking about pilot development costs? And now that the world is healed or appears to have healed on advertising, are you seeing you at CBS or maybe your peers starting to sort of get a little bit comfortable and spending more money on cost? How do you keep the margins going in the right direction at the network on prime time?
Leslie Moonves: Once again, the good news for us is we own about 2/3 of our schedule. Frankly, the cost we are really keeping down. Because our schedule is so solid, we did a number of less pilots this year. So our development costs were down considerably. And the cost cutting that we did a year ago, we have maintained. So our schedule going into next year will be splat or even potentially down depending on which new shows we pick up. So it is not gone back to the same old prolificate ways of television programming. We've kept it down. As you said, the redoing of the NCAA deal, we used a lot of creativity in doing it. And we had a great partner in Turner, and we turned a bad deal into a good one. We are very mindful of what our programming is, and it hasn't -- the cost discipline certainly hasn't hurt our ratings.
Operator: And the next question comes from Michael Meltz with JPMorgan.
Michael Meltz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: You had mentioned, Joe, the timing that impacted or depressed the Entertainment EBITDA in the quarter. Can you quantify that please?
Joseph Ianniello: We don't break it out. Obviously, producing our own shows based on the number of episodes we had last year in the first quarter, we weren't producing those. So we're just paying a license fee. So we're now producing our own shows. And so the revenue in syndication will adjust our ultimate and we'll recognize when, for example, NCIS: Los Angeles, when those shows are made available to syndication, we'll recognize all of that revenue. So it's just really a timing thing. But we're not going to break out individual shows.
Michael Meltz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Can you, maybe in order of magnitude, could you say is it something that's a $10 million hit or $50 million plus?
Joseph Ianniello: I would say it's in the tens of millions.
Michael Meltz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then on the working capital comment, I guess what you said about advertising would imply that Super Bowl gave you $170 million or something like that of advertising in the quarter. What was your actual positive working capital for the quarter? And what's your expectation for the year?
Joseph Ianniello: Again, we don't give guidance, and I'm certainly not going to project out what our positive working capital for the year is. But clearly, our working capital is positive, north of $300 million quarter-over-quarter for the first quarter. And as I said, from the last question, the Super Bowl clearly was one of the beneficiaries of that as it's paid in the prior year and we received the cash in this year.
Michael Meltz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And is the Super Bowl actually profitable at the network or it's low margin?
Joseph Ianniello: Low-margin profitable, I think, is consistent with what we said.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, it is profitable.
Operator: And the next question comes from Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Can you just address -- is there a specific reason why you've decided to not provide formal full year guidance?
Joseph Ianniello: This is Joe, Marci. We figured we'd tell you what we see, you didn't need somebody else predicting what GDP was going to do. So obviously, with the 65% base of advertising, we're going to be tied somewhat to the economy. So everything we're doing is de-risking that and creating additional revenue streams. So we're confident in that. But positive GDP for the last three quarters in this country has clearly helped us. But we're positioning this company and de-risking the balance sheet for the future. So we kind of gave you some guidance in the trends we're seeing. And we want to have some credibility of saying this is what we're seeing and we're delivering on what we say.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And then a question on Outdoor. It looks like Outdoor was actually lower than the pacing you've talked about on the last quarter. I believe you are pacing flat and the pacings were improving each week yet you were down 1% in the quarter. So just curious what happened.
Joseph Ianniello: No, I think that was just on a reported basis. I think FX is the only exchange there, Marci. What I will just tell you is that in Q2, it's accelerating.
Operator: And the next question will come from Alan Gould with Soleil Securities.
Alan Gould - Soleil Securities Group, Inc.: Les, I was wondering if you can give us some view on what the value of some these broadcast spectrum could be in terms of reallocation of the spectrum using deferred mobile or whether the government would actually end up taking that back?
Leslie Moonves: Alan, it's impossible right now to quantify what we're talking about. We're obviously in discussions with Mr. Genakowski on what it would mean to us. We're discussing it. We obviously -- our spectrum is very important to us. It's important to us with retrans. It's important to us with our HD signal. To quantify the value of it now is way too difficult a task to do. It hasn't gotten to that point yet with the government.
Alan Gould - Soleil Securities Group, Inc.: Any time frame as to benchmarks that we might hear of in terms of when we get more data on this?
Leslie Moonves: You'll have to ask the FCC. Obviously, it's a long way to go before anything happens with this.
Operator: And moving on to Jim Goss with Barrington Research.
James Goss - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Color in the Interactive area in terms of maybe any suggestion about overall size of the revenue and profitability, the strongest units and maybe the TV.com versus Hulu approach that's gotten some press?
Leslie Moonves: You were blocked out for the first half of your question. Can you repeat it please?
James Goss - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: I was wondering about some added color on the Interactive space in terms of the overall size of the revenue and profit base, the strongest units on a relative basis, and maybe some color on the TV.com versus Hulu approach that's gotten some attention?
Joseph Ianniello: Jim, it's Joe. So on the revenue side, our Interactive group kind of annually did kind of $600-plus million, the first quarter's a little bit is the smallest of the quarters. What we'll just tell you is driving it is obviously Sports, as well as Tech. Those are the two big drivers for the quarter. So we continue to enhance the content on these sites and drive users and the monetization is there. That's why we gave you the pacing data that it's up 20-plus percent on display sales. So that tells you a little bit of something about the content as well as the marketplace.
Leslie Moonves: And regarding TV.com versus Hulu obviously, we felt owning 100% of our advertising is a lot better than only owning 70%. In addition, selling it ourselves has been very effective. And we think we have a model that works. In addition, we're able to protect our content better in a non-exclusive manner. Frankly, I don't know what the numbers are with Hulu. But it is clear that they are going to be adding a subscription model. So one doesn't know how effective Hulu for free has been. I know there's been some rumblings about some dissatisfaction with some of the partners, and we like to control our own content.
James Goss - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: And one other thing related to -- going back to what I think Doug was talking about, I was wondering if your successful development of affiliate fees and retransmission revenues has increased share potential in consideration of a formal separation into two companies rather then just trimming down on one and certain of the properties?
Leslie Moonves: Not at all, not all. That wouldn't make sense at all. We think our TV stations are related to our network, which is related to our programming, and they all work hand-in-hand together. And in fact, just the opposite, Jim, retrans has only made the network model a far more stronger model that it was before.
Operator: And the next question comes from Laura Martin with Needham & Company.
Laura Martin - Needham & Company, LLC: One is News Corp. was talking about strength in some of it's categories, Les, and I was wondering, are you seeing strength in Auto, Real Estate and Financial Services? These big categories that kind of really fell off a cliff last year. And also the distinction between local and national, where you're seeing strength? And then the other thing, we're hearing about, and I'm not even sure this is legal, so I'd be interested in your reviews. Is there any concept that you would band together with some of your affiliates to try to kind of jointly negotiate these affiliate deals so that everybody could make more money?
Leslie Moonves: Regarding the first, obviously, Autos has made a huge difference in our local business. When you see the numbers of Auto in the first quarter, up something like 80% at our local television stations. It's made a huge, huge difference. And Financial and Real Estate -- also Real Estate probably less so for us. In terms of local versus national, frankly, we've seen improvements across the board. I'd say probably local has been enhanced even more by the improving economy, specifically local television stations are up considerably because of these categories. And once again, when you have auto balling by the wayside, that really hurts local television stations. In terms of -- we've had a number of conversations with different affiliate groups about talking to the MSOs together. It's not illegal. Frankly, every CBS affiliate shares the same programming, the same primetime, the same NFL, the same NCAA, the same Letterman, etc. And we have discussed the benefits of that, and we've discussed it frankly openly with our MSOs. And some of them have felt that it might be a better way to go. So it's something that's certainly on the table.
Operator: And the next question comes from Brian Shipman with Jefferies.
Brian Shipman - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Quick question on Outdoor. Wondering if you could add a little color on how occupancy and rates are trending. And then second question, just wondering if you could talk generally about the current size of the Movie Studio business. Is this an area you'd like to grow? Are you happy doing four to five movies a year? And where do you see that going in the future?
Leslie Moonves: Brian, I'll deal with the movie question first and I'll turn it over to Joe. We decided to put our toe in the water before diving in. We like the idea of doing movies that have been under $40 million. And frankly, the next two are under $20 million, our investment in it. And basically, forming a group, making sure our group is strong, making sure they're performing at the top of their game. But at the moment, that's what our game plan is. What happens three, four, five years down the road, you never know. Basically, I like this model, and I think we can make it work.
Joseph Ianniello: And Brian, this is Joe. On the Outdoor question, the occupancy has held throughout the recession and the recovery. This is all pricing. So I think as local TV and Radio are increasing their pricing because of the demand Outdoor is now following. So the revenue increase you'll be seeing, will be coming from price.
Operator: That question will come from James Dix with Wedbush.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: First, I guess for Joe, any color you could give on the incremental impact of your cost reductions in 2010 for the full year versus 2009, and in particular, what you're going to get out of the restructuring charge you took in the first quarter? And then second, I guess this is more for Les. There's a number of new potential growth drivers for the television network model. You've alluded to some on the call, there's others like new platforms such as the iPad. Just from your perspective as a CEO and based on your discussions with investors, where do you think there's the most disconnect between the potential you see and the potential you think investors in The Street is giving you credit for?
Joseph Ianniello: Okay, I'll start, James. On your cost reduction question, we typically -- we're going to take a restructure charge at least a 1x return on a 12 month kind of period. So the $57 million we expect to get that kind of savings on an annualized basis doesn't always work out exactly that math. That would be similar to the 2009 charge as well. And we continue, by the way, we continue to monitor the costs. We're never done making our operations more efficient, so stay tuned.
Leslie Moonves: James, I don't think there's a huge disconnect between what we see and investors see. The investors, and it's a natural push and pull are naturally skeptical. Three years ago, on this call, people would say, gee, you're really not going to paid for retrans. We've spoken to all the MSOs. They're not giving you nothing. And the world's a different place now, where retrans is now a standard operating procedure and it's extended to our affiliate. We are looking for all sorts of new platforms for our content. Once again, we have to be smart about it. We believe in an open structure, where it makes sense for us financially. As I discussed before, TV.com made better sense for us than becoming part of Hulu. iPad, very interesting, there's a real possibility. You can see some of our content going on there. There already is some of it in some of the areas. And we are, right now, exploring every possible means. I think every content company is aware that we're in a brave new world. And we're trying, and it's all experimentation, authentication, etc. I think the significant thing to realize is today, 10 years ago, we got paid for our television shows in one way, now we're getting paid in a dozen ways between all these new forms of technology. And frankly, it's always made the network content even stronger.
Adam Townsend: Thanks, James, and thanks everyone for joining us tonight. Have a great evening.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation today.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-18 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Adam Townsend  EVP of IR Sumner Redstone - Executive Chairman Leslie Moonves  President and CEO Joseph Ianniello  EVP and CFO 
Analysts: Ben Swinburne  Morgan Stanley Anthony DiClemente  Barclays Capital Laura Martin  Needham Doug Mitchelson  Deutsche Bank Michael Morris  UBS Richard Greenfield  Pali Capital Michael Nathanson  Bernstein Research Michael Mills  JPMorgan Marci Ryvicker  Wells Fargo Securities
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the CBS Corporations fourth quarter 2009 earnings release teleconference. Todays call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead, sir.
Adam Townsend: Thank you, Ricci (ph). Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to our fourth quarter and full-year 2009 earnings call. Joining me for today's discussion are Sumner Redstone, our Executive Chairman; Leslie Moonves, President and CEO; and Joe Ianniello, Executive Vice President and CFO.  Sumner will have opening remarks and we'll then turn the call over to Les and Joe who will discuss the strategic and financial results. We will then open the call up to questions. Let me note that statements on this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's news releases and securities filings. A webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website at cbscorporation.com. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found in our earnings release, our full-year Form 10-K or on our website.  With that, its now my pleasure to turn the call over to Sumner.
Sumner Redstone:  Thank you, Adam. Good afternoon, everyone. I thank you for being with us today. I am certain that all of you know how delighted I am to be speaking to you today in the light of the fabulous results shown by CBS, and the terrific performance of Les and his team. In the past year, CBS reduced expenses, improved its financial position, and ensured that all the right people and processes were in place, so that CBS would significantly outperform as the market turned and the market is turning. With disciplined management and a solid long-term strategy for growth, there is no economic storm that a company like CBS cannot weather. With all of this, one thing is for sure content is king and will also be king. And no one has better content out there than CBS and one other company whose name I cannot mention today. Our content focus continues to pay off throughout the company. CBS, the perennial number one network has more new and returning hit shows than any other network. Showtime continues its creative and financial role. We are growing our presence in all the most important areas of the digital world. On the logo front, our focus on the largest TV and Radio markets means we are in the right place as these businesses are rapidly improve and they are improving. Through hard work, through determination, Les and his team have put CBS in a position to reap the benefits of the improving economic environment, which we are witnessing today.  It is Les and his team, have done it every possible thing this past year to ensure that CBS is on the path to succeed. But let there be no misunderstanding, our fourth quarter results are not only the sign of the momentum we have gained across all our companies, but remember this, they are a preview of great things to come well into the future. 
Leslie Moonves:  Thank you, Sumner, and good afternoon, everybody. Thank you for joining us today. We are pleased to be giving you a look at a very good quarter. We have managed our way through a difficult economic environment and emerged even stronger. And we are now being helped by a marketplace that is steadily improvement. This is a message that you have heard from our peers in recent weeks and we are clearly a prime beneficiary of the recovering economy. The pacing games we saw throughout the fourth quarter of gathering even more momentum in 2010.  Today I am going to briefly review our fourth quarters and operational highlights and discuss what we are seeing in 2010. And then I will turn it over to our CFO Joe Ianniello to offer some more details on our financials and balance sheet. And then we will happily take your questions. As we promised, each quarter in 2009 came in better than the one before. The second was better than the first, the third was better than the second culminating in the fourth quarter where we had our best revenue performance of the year. Our revenues of $3.5 billion were virtually even with the same quarter last year. And our second half revenues were up 11% over the first half, once again speaking to our own momentum. Also on the adjusted basis, our OIBDA, operating income and EPS were all up double digits. The revenue picture continues to brighten for us largely due to the strength of our industry-leading content and the improvements in our local businesses.  On the content side, CBS is the most watched network on television. And we are selling our hit shows into syndication earlier at better rates and to a broader global audience than ever. Our premium cable network Showtime continues to add subscribers and grow its revenues and profits. We are also expanding and monetizing our leading global online presence and more efficiently distributing our content in major local TV and Radio markets. Our fourth quarter results reflect all of this as well as the improved business marketplace. At the same time we spent the past year working to reduce our cost structure across the company. We have recently removed $250 million in expenses and our commitment to containing these expenses will continue.  As I have stated, we are now reporting a much improved OBIDA, $569 million for the fourth quarter on an adjusted basis up 11% from a year-ago. Our adjusted operating income, net earnings and EPS all turned in terrific increases as well. Operating income was up 16% to $422 million, net earnings were up 23% to $171 million, and EPS was up 19% to $0.25 per share. We are pleased that our businesses have rebounded so strongly in the fourth quarter and has great momentum into the first quarter of 2010. Our financial position is also stronger. As you know, in 2009, we refinanced near-term debt and secured a new credit facility, enhancing our financial security well into the future. Joe will touch on this a bit more later.  Our businesses continue to very healthy free cash flow, $828 million for the year, with $295 million of that coming in the fourth quarter. In addition, we finished 2009 with $717 million of cash on hand. And the good news, as we have mentioned, the momentum is not carried into the New Year, its accelerating. National advertising is up and we are seeing pacing levels at or well above last year in just about every local TV and Radio markets with particular strength in key categories like auto and financial services. With our new segment structure, reporting structure and place, you can clearly see the continued strength of our content businesses, which include Entertainment, Cable Networks, and Publishing, and ongoing improvement on our local businesses, Local Broadcasting and Outdoor.  Now lets take a quick look at our financial and operational highlights beginning with our Content Group and its largest segment Entertainment. As you know, our Entertainment segment includes the CBS Television Network, our TV Production and Distribution businesses, our new films business, and CBS Interactive. Entertainment revenues $1.8 billion were up 4% in the fourth quarter from last year. The biggest revenue driver was television advertising which increased 8% versus fourth quarter 08. As we have maintained our focus on reducing program expenses and other costs in this business, we have improved our operating leverage as well. OIBDA of a $191 million was up 10%. The ongoing strength of the CBS Television Network was front and center in the success we saw in the quarter. We are number one for the season to date and up year-over-year in every major demographics. We have more top 10 shows than any other network and more top 20 shows than all other networks combined, and we are the most watched television network six out of seven nights of the week. We have also drawn record audiences for our recent 10-poll events. Our Grammys telecast pulled the largest audience in six years, nearly 26 million viewers, up 35% over the last year. The average audience of 47 million viewers for the AFC Championship Game last month was our largest ever and the most for any AFC Championship Game since 1986. And as you know, the Super Bowl two weeks ago was the most watched program in television history with a 106.5 million average viewers, eclipsing the M*A*S*H series finale in 1983, which was also on CBS by the way. After the game, we premiered our new realty series Undercover Boss, and we couldnt have asked for a better debut, nearly 39 million tuned in and we are encouraged by the strong ratings in the shows second airing this past Sunday night as well. Along with NCIS: LA and The Good Wife, we now have the top three new shows on television. Partially due to the Super Bowl promos, our programming on Monday after the game was the highest rate of the season to date and the list continued throughout the week.  We have been saying for a long time that in a fragmented but socially network universe, big event and hit programming will be more popular and more relevant than ever. And its also true that broadcast television continues to be the best bank for an advertisers buck each and everyday. The fact is TV viewership for the five major network is up this season over last year, look at the Grammys, look at the Super Bowl, look at the Olympic Games. And you may have heard some issues about Late Night over the last few months. I will just say we are very happy with our performance in that day part. David Letterman and Craig Ferguson are both number one in their time periods and continue to put on a great show night after night. And on another positive note, being the network with the largest number of golf events, the return of Tiger Woods is a welcome one.  The breadth and strength of our programming not only big events but our lineup overall is helping us to excel in a very strong marketplace. Primetime scatter pricing was up and average of 25% over upfront in the fourth quarter and is now up more than 30% in the first. The scatter market remains extremely hot right now and this ad strength to the network is real. And as you know, Super Bowl ad sold out well advance for the game at very favorable rates representing a nice profit for us. Of course it also helps when your own programming thats performing so well. 11 of the 20 top shows on TV on CBS and through CBS Television Studios we own more than half of them. That means we are not only benefiting from advertising today, but also will benefit both today and for years to come in syndication. And the good news is that the syndication market both domestically and internationally has never been stronger.  I talked on our last call about how we made a record-breaking deal to sell NCIS: LA into domestic syndication after just seven episodes on the air. Globally as well, the marketplace has been terrific. NCIS: LA is now licensed in a 192 markets and The Good Wife is licensed in a 181 markets. As our syndication business continues to grow both in total dollars and as a percentage of our revenue, these deals are diversifying our revenue base, making it more recurring and more providing stability well into the future. So once again the industry has changed to our benefit. Yes, CBS still is the number one network, but we are all now  now also operating in an environment where we own most of our programming and take advantage of a syndication marketplace that continues to grow year-after-year.  We have also established retransmission consent fees as a significant secondary revenue stream. We more than tripled our retransmission revenues in 2009 versus 2008. Its now a substantial figure and we expect it to grow again this year. At CBS, we are very pleased about the increasing attention paid to retrans. We have been saying for a while that this would be game changer for us and now it is. We have done 56 deals and counting, including the recent major ones with Time Warner Cable Vision and Dish. Meanwhile, we are selectively putting our content online.  Our online strategy of putting non-exclusive distribution deals for our content continues to work very well for us. At CBS Interactive, through our wholly-owned TV.com and CBS.com, we are successfully getting our shows online, along with the shows of other, but never at the expense of cannibalizing our network content. The marketplace of Interactive is also growing strongly with display advertising picking up nicely. We are pacing up high teens this quarter with particular strength in areas like games and supports. And we are gearing up now for March Madness on Demand which we expect will be even better this year than last.  A few words about CBS Films which is just getting started. In this business, our risks are limited and the world is always seeking new content. The potential gain can be high. Our first film did not perform nearly as well as we would have liked. We were disappointed. However, the budget was modest about $30 million and advertising and promotion expenses were helped by reach and power of our own media properties. We have three more films coming up this year. We will continue to report on our progress.  Turning to our Cable Networks, an important source of subscription revenues for us. This segment which includes Showtime Networks and CBS College Sports was one of our strongest performers in the fourth quarter. Revenues of $347 million were up 8% year-over-year. And OIBDA of a $153 million was up 46%, once again expanding our base of recurring revenue. Cable Networks financial performance was driven by growth rates and subscribers at both Showtime and College Sports. Showtime Networks finished the year with 61.3 million subscriptions, up 2.6% from fourth quarter 08.  Most recent industry data shows that Showtime was the only premium network to significantly subscribers in 2009. CBS College Sports have 35 million subscriptions at year-end, up 9.5 million from the prior year. The latest award season proved once again just how popular Showtime original programming is with the audience. Our hit shows Dexter and The United States of Tara were big winners at both the Golden Globes and the SAG Awards. Last month, we began rolling out a new slated programming that I am sure will build upon on the incredible success weve already had with Showtime.  The final component of our Content Group is Publishing and this business had a very strong year content wise. Simon & Schuster ended the 2009 with a total of a 164 New York Times Bestsellers and more hit the number one spot 25 in total than in 2008. Fourth quarter revenues were $220 million, OIBDA was $13.6 million. We are seeing signs of a better marketplace here as well and we are exploring new revenue opportunities on a variety of new e-reader platforms that are now coming into the marketplace. We have just concluded a deal to make our content available on the Apple iPad reviewing next month and we look forward to other deals as well. Overall, our Content Group made $2.4 billion in revenues in the fourth quarter of 2009, up 3% from year-ago and OIBDA up $357 million, up 16%, delivering results like this in the economically challenging year we have gone through is testament to our strategy of focusing first and foremost on creating the best content and effectively monetizing it as well.  Turning to our Local Group, which includes our Local Broadcasting and Outdoor segments, the fourth quarter was by far the best of the year with the revenues of $1.16 billion and OIBDA of $296 million. Nowhere is the recovery more apparent that at our TV and Radio Stations. Fourth quarter Local Broadcasting revenues of $680 million were a highest of the year by a wide margin, and OIBDA of $227 million for the quarter was up 31% from fourth quarter 08. At our TV Stations, non-political revenues were up 11% year-over-year on the quarter, and the outlook keeps improving.  So far this year, our TV Station Group as a whole is pacing up by high teens on average from the same period last year and our top 10 stations are pacing even higher than that. Certainly helped by our 10 PM primetime program, many of our stations are in first to second place in late news and we are expecting an extra lift from political this year, given the unusually large number of Senate seats that have come into play. Clearly there will be some hard fought battles around the country. And the barriers recently removed by the Supreme Court will bring added political dollars into the market.  Meanwhile Radio is also a really strong story. As we promised you late last year and to some skepticism from many, Radio will be showing plus signs in the first quarter. Averaging pacing has been rising in 2010 and as well ahead of last year. This success is driven by the performance of our bigger markets, while we are pacing up by mid-single digits overall, our top 10 Radio markets are pacing up by low teens. Radio steady improvement has not only been the result of our improving economy, our focus on programming has been instrumental. Our top 10 markets grew average audience share by 10% in 2009 in markets like New York and Los Angeles, implemented new formula, the gains were multiples of that. And CBS Radio Stations had the number ones audience share in five of the top 10 markets for 2009, New York, Chicago, Dallas, Philadelphia and Boston.  Our final Local Group segment is Outdoor, where the recovery has been slower, but also clear. Fourth quarter revenues were $484 million and OIBDA was $69 million. But pacing here too is improving steadily. Right now in the first quarter, our Outdoor business as a whole is pacing even with last year at this time. And as you know this the best level of pacing we have seen in the year. At the same time, we are entering into new deals at much better terms than in the past. And as revenues begin to comeback, we are confident we will see the benefit in our results.  As you can see across the board, 2009 ended on a high notes for us. Our content is performing better than ever and our local assets are improving dramatically as the economy recovers. And as 2010 gets into full swing, top line trends are continuing to move in our favor. Make no mistake, we have no intention of using raising revenues as an excuse to let cost creep back into our businesses. We will stay focused on improving efficiencies, making sure that more of the top line growth we expect translates into free cash flow for our investors. From our leading content to a growing syndication marketplace to significant retransmission consent revenues to rising political spending, I feel very confident about the ongoing strength of this company for this year and beyond.  With that, I will hand it over to Joe, who will give you more detail on our financial performance and what to expect in 2010. Joe?
Joseph Ianniello:  Thanks Les. Today, I would like to focus my comments on four areas, first review our fourth quarter results for the company; second, highlight some segment information; third, discuss our liquidity position; and lastly, outline what we see in 2010. Starting with our results, as Les noted, revenues for the quarter were $3.5 billion, down eight-tenths of 1% from a year-ago when we benefitted from strong political advertising. This was our highest revenue quarter of the year building on last quarter where we had five shows going into syndication.  Adjusted OIBDA for the quarter came in at $569 million, up 11% from the prior year. OIBDA is being adjusted for only impairment charges, both this year and last. During the fourth quarter of this year, we took a $178 million non-cash charge to reduce the value of FCC licenses in seven Radio markets. And in Q4 of last year, we recorded a $64 million related to the sale of some Radio Stations. We continue to benefit from strong cost savings initiatives across the company. We now have exceeded $250 million of annualized savings and we see more to come which I will discuss in a bit. We also benefitted from lower restructuring charges. However, this benefit was offset by the lack of political advertising. Adjusted EPS came in at $0.25 for the quarter, up 19%. We are only adjusting for the impairment charges that I just discussed and some discreet tax benefits from settling some income tax audits. You can see full reconciliations of these adjustments in our press release. Turning to our segments, this is the first quarter that you see our results in the new segment presentation. In mid-January, we filed historical results in our new format via an 8-K. We also posted historical tables on our Investor Relations website. In addition to our new segments, we provided revenue by type in our press release to give you more details on the various sources of the companys revenue. We also modified this table slightly.  Lets start with Entertainment. Revenues were for quarter were up 4%, led by 8% growth in ad sales at the CBS Network. Scatter pricing during the quarter was up 25% above upfront and gaining momentum from the increasingly strong demand. Leading categories were automotive, financial services, and retail. Ad sales at CBS Interactive decreased 5% for the quarter, but the tide started turning during the back half of the quarter, more on that later.  Our Entertainment OIBDA for the quarter was up 10% to a $191 million, driven by higher revenue, lower restructuring costs offset by increased investment into content. Revenues at our cable segment were up 8% during the quarter driven by increases in both rates and subscribers. OIBDA was up 46% from higher revenues and the mix of cable programming. Obviously this is not a normalized flow through of revenue. Looking at the full year is more representative of the earnings power of this segment. So looking at the year, revenues grew 7% and OIBDA grew 18%, putting our cable net at a 34% margin.  Publishing revenues for the quarter decreased 10% due to the soft retail market and fewer titles release this quarter which caused EBITDA to drop from $28 million to $14 million. We will continue to manage costs while we play a critical role in the fast evolving e-book industry. Local Broadcasting revenues were down 8% for the quarter, of which TV Stations were down 3% and Radio down 12%. Remember, we took in significant political dollars in 2008 which accounted for 14 points of the decline in TV.  And for Radio, you should note that we have 10 less stations from our divestitures in 2009, which accounted for 2 points of its decline. TV Stations were the first to see signs of the recovery, which started to benefit Radio in the quarter. And in December, Radio had its best month of the year for revenue led by the automotive categories which was up high-single digits. On an OIBDA level, we were up 31% for the quarter, benefitting from our reduced costs as well as a gain on the sale of some spectrum in the absence of last years restructuring cost offset by lower political advertising. Outdoor revenue decreased 8% for the quarter. Foreign exchange contributed favorably 4 points of that change. Breaking this down further, in constant dollars, the Americas were down 10% and Europe and Asia were down 15%. Contributing to this decline is also the fact that we had fewer transit contracts as we have been disciplined in our approach to renewing these types of contracts. Our occupancy rate for the quarter increased slightly and pricing began to firm up during the quarter. OIBDA dropped from $98 million to $69 million quarter-over-quarter due to the fixed nature of the transit contracts. As Les noted, we are continuously entering into new deals on more favorable terms.  Next a few words about our liquidity profile. As Les mentioned, our free cash flow was $295 million for the quarter and $828 million for the full year. Cash on hand at 12/31/09 was $717 million. This is almost $300 million more than when we started the year. We were able to build our cash balances while at the same time deleveraging the company. We will continue focus on deleveraging throughout 2010 with our credit facility in place and having refinanced $1 billion last year, we are in a much stronger financial position.  Lets talk about 2010. 2010 for us is going to be about three things; first, driving top line growth; second, a continued commitment to controlling costs; and third, generating significant levels of free cash flow. Here is how we see things shaping up so far. We are confident 2010 is gong to be better financially than 2009, how much better will be determined in part by the pace of the economic recovery, since advertising continues to be an important factor to our revenue base. Our Content Group should have another solid year. As you know our content assets comprised about 70% of total revenues and the outlook is strong. Scatter pricing at the network in the first quarter is now up by more than 30% over upfront. And Q1 ad sales is pacing up high teens for our Interactive units.  The huge Super Bowl performance in Q1 will also drive revenues. It was the most revenue we ever generated for a Super Bowl. Our affiliate and subscription revenue grew steadily. And incremental film revenues will be recognized as our films are released throughout the year. On the syndication front, I should remind you that we do not have the five major titles hitting syndication that we had last year in the third quarter, but not to worry, because our studio has six new shoes on the air in their first season. They all may not make into syndication, but we continue to replenish the pipeline. In addition, Showtime will have some original series available to syndication down the road.  Now for our local assets, we are focused on returning these businesses back to growth or finding new ways to monetize our valuable content. And with an improved cost structure, even a small rebound will have a significant moderate impact. Retransmission fees will be another important contributor of growth. We expect these fees to exceed $100 million in 2010 and we are well on our way to surpassing our $250 million target which now seems conservative from when we first provided it a few years ago. I want to emphasize that each fees are earned by both our TV station and the CBS Network and thus will be reflected in our Local Broadcasting and Entertainment segments. Later in the year, we expect political advertising to drive strong growth at our Local Broadcasting segment. With the Supreme Courts recent decision and our stations located in key states, this mid-term election could be a record political year. But for now, heres what we see. While Q1 isnt finished yet, we are pacing at our TV Station Group up high teens with our 14 owned and operated CBS stations pacing north of 30%. Radio stations are pacing up mid-single digits with our top 10 markets showing low teen increases, driven by several advertising categories. This is the first quarter that we are seeing real growth at Radio since the separation from Viacom. As Les said, the format changes our team has made in key markets are paying off.  Our Outdoor Group is currently pacing flat, but gaining pace points each week. On the cost side, we will continue to drive further efficiencies. We have taken steps to restructure our operations. Early in 2010, we expect to record a restructuring charge of approximately $50 million across the company that will lead to annual savings at least one time if that announced. As we experience a return to top line growth and to continue to benefit from the cost reductions we have implemented, we have created a path to return the company to historical profit margins in the future.  Turning to free cash flow which we believe is the best metric to measure wealth creation and where we expect to have a very strong year. We have a great conversion ratio of OIBDA into cash flow. Over the last several years, we are averaging a greater than 50% conversion ratio. Let me discuss a few components of free cash flow. Capital spending will remain relatively flat and come in at a range of $250 million to $300 million. As you know in 2009, we spent $262 million on capital. You should also note that this normalized capital spending is significantly lower than our annual depreciation expense. Working capital will benefit from: one the syndication profit we recognized last year as the cash comes in; two, the Super Bowl where the rights fees were paid in 2009; and thirdly, from political advertising and it is paid upfront which will help our receivable balances later in the year. Lastly, cash interest costs on our debt will decrease as we de-lever. So to conclude, I think you should be able to use these tools as a guide to help you think about our business  our businesses throughout the year. We feel very good about the trends we are seeing in terms of the advertising marketplace and the growing opportunities to monetize our content. We finished 2009 strong and believe the company is well positioned for 2010 and beyond. With that, operator, we can now open the lines for questions. Operator?
Operator:  Todays question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. (Operator Instructions). We will go first to Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Ben Swinburne  Morgan Stanley:  Thanks and good afternoon. Its Ben Swinburne. 
Leslie Moonves:  Hi Ben.
Ben Swinburne  Morgan Stanley:  Hi. Two questions if I could. Les, first on the NBC activities you highlighted on your prepared remarks. The station numbers were really strong both in the fourth quarter and always pacing well. I am sure some of that has to do with how much NBC has been hit at 10 oclock and to lead-in, so how did the change impact your thought process in terms of investing going forward? And then along those lines, NBC I guess is going to have to program an entire 10 oclock lineup, what does that opportunity look like for you on the CBS TV Studio front, do you think thats an opportunity to sell shows into NBC? And then I have one follow-up for Joe.
Leslie Moonves:  In terms of  obviously we win every night, every 10 oclock show we are number one. The fact that NBC is  could to be going into drama or some new shows doesnt really scare us very much. We are still the strongest at 10. And when you look at CSI: Miami, The Good Wife, CSI: New York, The Mentalist, on those first four nights, I think we are going to be number a year from now and our stations are going to still benefit from that lead-in per se. We will not be producing any shows for NBC. We are concentrating most of our production for either CBS or the CW. And once again, being as this year, we have done in CIS: LA and The Good Wife and they are a 100% wholly-owned bodes well for us syndicating them in the first place. So we are fairly confident we will remain strong at 10 oclock, and our stations which are getting a much bigger piece of the market share will continue that way. 
Ben Swinburne  Morgan Stanley:  Thanks. And then Joe just going back to your comments on cash flow, which was helpful  which were helpful. Any comment on cash taxes? And then operating expenses at the  on your local businesses, you mentioned the restructuring I dont know if thats at the local businesses. But if you could help us think about how you see OpEx trending at the local assets that would be helpful as we think about operating leverage on the business?
Joseph Ianniello:  Sure, sure. Thanks Ben. On the OpEx  on the restructuring, the $250 million I gave you was really across the company. Obviously realigning the segments, putting TV and Radio together, there will be some efficiency, so they will be part of that $50 million. So again I think you can expect certainly a multiple of that in terms of savings. And the $250 million is obviously a run rate, so we have not really laughed that yet, but again we are getting there. So I think again you are seeing a significant margin improvement. In terms of cash  the cash taxes, obviously we are going to continue to manage that down. I mean you can look at  we have spent $55 million in cash taxes in 2009, so earnings growing we expect obviously to pay more than that, but I think we have a very low conversion rate and good tax planning strategies to keep that rate under control.
Ben Swinburne  Morgan Stanley:  Thank you.
Operator:  And our next question will go to Anthony DiClemente with Barclays Capital.
Anthony DiClemente  Barclays Capital: Hi, thanks guys. I have a couple. First for Joe. Just trying to figure out the year-over-year delta in terms of TV licensing fees in syndication; I think last quarter there were up by 36% or is an incremental $240 million. What was the  what was the hole that you had to fill in the fourth quarter on that metric?
Joseph Ianniello:  You are talking on the quarter Anthony or 
Anthony DiClemente  Barclays Capital: Yes, 4Q, 4Q. 
Joseph Ianniello:  I mean we break down the revenues by type. If you see it  if you see it in the release, I mean its content 
Anthony DiClemente  Barclays Capital: I saw it within Entertainment, right? So its within Entertainment is the key reason.
Joseph Ianniello:  No, no, no, no. In the release on page four, we break down its content license fees. Its down 8% in the quarter, but within content license fees is Publishing and that was the biggest driver of the decrease. 
Anthony DiClemente  Barclays Capital: Okay. So just thinking  just thinking towards 2010, you dont have the five shows as you mentioned in your prepared comments. What is the headwind in terms of the year-over-year? What do you expect that headwind to be in terms of what your TV syndication was in 09 versus what it should be in 2010?
Joseph Ianniello:  We are not going to break down the revenue for those five shows. Clearly, obviously things that go into second cycle certainly will help, but clearly I mean it is going to be a difficult comp for that business, because of the five shows that hit. So thats purely just an accounting metric of when you recognize the revenue for us that cash flow comes in consistently over the year. And as Les just said, NCIS: Los Angeles has sold. So as once we hit product the magic number of episodes, that will hit as well. So we will have difficult comps in 2010 for that for TV license fees.
Anthony DiClemente  Barclays Capital: Okay. And then on  just following up Bens questions on free cash flow, I just wonder what  Joe as you think about free cash flow, as we  we think about use of proceeds, can you remind us what your plan is for the prepayment of the pension? And then if thats decreasing in 2010 versus 2009, what can you tell us about what you are thinking on use of proceed with that free cash flow?
Joseph Ianniello:  Sure. I think there is very little  falls on free cash flow. Obviously we have the dividends and you can look at our cash flow statement and you can see that. But clearly again, there is no required pension  qualified pension contribution in 2010. So what we do is we look at that opportunistically to fund it just to make sure we are getting the maximum tax benefit when we make that payment. So we will continue to monitor that, but again that will be an opportunistic funding as we are committed to deleveraging. 
Anthony DiClemente  Barclays Capital: Okay. And then I just have one quick one for Les, please if I may. Les, you have  you know you have March Madness coming up here. I think you have a summer deadline on the contract, because the NCAA cannot get out of the contract, they have talked about expanding the tournament to 96 teams, which I think is insane. But I am wondering about what are the drivers and how are you thinking about re-upping your contract with the NCAA on March Madness?
Leslie Moonves:  We have this year and then the NCAA has an option to pickup the three remaining years in the contract. We are talking to them about all sorts of different ways of redoing the contract. As an analyst you are not allowed to editorialize on the tournament, thats not in your purview. No, I am only 
Anthony DiClemente  Barclays Capital: Okay.
Leslie Moonves:  (inaudible). So we are obviously in a constant discussion about them about what that would look like, but clearly nothing has been decided, and we are always talking to the NCAA, we met with them a few days ago, and thats an ongoing dialog.
Anthony DiClemente  Barclays Capital: Okay. Thanks.
Adam Townsend:  Thanks Anthony. We will move take the next question please.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Laura Martin with Needham. 
Laura Martin  Needham:  Good afternoon. Just a couple things; on one sizing the political opportunity in 2010, we were showing that in the last mid-term election, your stations set about a $160 million, and thats what you were using until the Supreme Court decision, do you have any granularity around what the last Presidential cycle was, because it feels like thats going to be the better comp given the new rules at the Supreme Court?
Leslie Moonves:  The last split of the Presidential cycle was somewhat down from that that from the off cycle. So we are  there are a lot of things that we feel are giving us wind at our back regarding that. Number one, as you have seen, there are a lot more political contest than one would have expected even three of four months ago, also because of what happened to Massachusetts. There are a lot more races that we think are going to be rather hotly contested and that there is going to be a lot of money behind them. Then when you add to that the Supreme Court ruling would some say could bring in another $500 million to the political marketplace. And once again we dont know what that is. But generally speaking, we have gotten approximately 10% of what is out there. So to  its difficult to project, but to put us around the $200 million mark wouldnt be that far out I dont believe. 
Laura Martin  Needham:  Okay, perfect. And then on retrans; I know we are using an estimate for your retrans fees are about $0.50, but it sounds to us like FOX got more from Time Warner Cable. Can you just remind me, because it feels like you are right at the momentum on these retrans fees is going up with every sequential negotiation? Can you remind us what your terms on your biggest rollovers like Time Warner Cable and CVC and Dish, when do those come up for re-negotiation up for you guys?
Leslie Moonves:  Well, we are not allowed to really talk about terms. Time Warner we just did. We did it about a year before FOX did. To tell you the truth, the rates are not that far away from what Foxs rates are, so we are very pleased with that. Dish was also done within the last year. Some of the  we have most of the big ones done. Comcast is up in a couple years, so a lot of the big ones are up. And as Joe said, in 2012, we are looking at being in at least of the $250 million number.
Joseph Ianniello:  And Laura I would just add; I mean the strategy into the negotiations as we go in, we are going to keep it short term, if we dont like the rates we are getting, because we are going to have another bite at that apple. But clearly the strategy is if we get our rates, we will do it slightly longer, but if we dont its going to be short term and we will be coming back for more.
Laura Martin  Needham:  Great, very helpful. Thank you so much.
Leslie Moonves:  Thank you.
Adam Townsend:  Thanks Laura. We will take our next question, please.
Operator:  Our next question will go to Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank.
Doug Mitchelson  Deutsche Bank: Thanks so much. Couple of questions; Les, it feels like we just finished the last upfront, but the reality is we are three months away from the next one, right? So I have never seen scatter pricing up this much not lead to very, very strong pricing in the upfront. I mean any preliminary conversations with the advertisers regarding the 
Leslie Moonves:  There are constant conservations. Obviously with  and you are right, I dont think I have ever seen scatter this strong at these numbers. And frankly the  that it is a terrific marketplace where our sales guys are begging us to give back promo time for ad sales. So as you head into the upfront, clearly all the advertisers that are playing, paying plus 30 for what we offer to them last June are going to be coming in. But we are not just looking at low-single digit increases at the upfront, because our numbers are going to expect more. We believe in our product, we believe in the strength of our network, in our programming. And we said last year, a year-ago at this time Doug, and it wasnt that long ago, we are not going to sell that much if we are not getting the numbers that we wanted, and thats why we held back and only sold 64%, and we are benefiting greatly from that. Once again heading into May and June, if we dont get the pricing we want, we will very happy to play this hand that we played this year.
Doug Mitchelson  Deutsche Bank: And the secondary is just online distribution of your TV shows, I dont want to belabor it because we have talked a lot about over the last year, year or two, but there is a story out there that Apple wants to try to get prices down $0.99 per episode on the sales side and we are all still wondering if this is a right ad load on the free streaming shows. I mean any thoughts on your comfort level with the business models that are out there online?
Leslie Moonves:  Yes, I mean the interesting thing about online ads and once again the reason we are happy we are controlling our own content is the advertising thing its sort of a trial in process. And we are experimenting with different ad loads and as you know authentication TV everywhere would involve the same load that is on the network with similar pricing. So in all these, once again, they are all short-term deals and it is a moving target. There are a certain shows that will be sold on Apple for $0.99, I dont know yet which will be  and we will talk to them about it. But look the great news for us is are we are up in every single demographic category, at the same time we are increasing our revenue from online and other sources. So it all looks good for the future.
Doug Mitchelson  Deutsche Bank: If TV authentication takes off, would you see either ending the free streaming of TV shows online, because there is people who pay for cable can get it through authentication anyways or do you see taking up the ad loads on the free streaming to match the authentication levels, so there is not a  
Leslie Moonves:  Authentication would involve the exact same ads that are on the television or over the air, and as well as its counted by Nielson as a full-time viewer, so its sort of changes the model quite a bit where if you get authentication, you have to be a subscriber to an MSO or a satellite or a phone company.
Doug Mitchelson  Deutsche Bank: You think you will take the free streaming ad load up to your authentication level then to balance that out, so you could be watching 
Leslie Moonves:  Once authentication is in place, yes.
Doug Mitchelson  Deutsche Bank: Okay, great, thanks. 
Adam Townsend:  Thanks Doug. We will go to our next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Morris with UBS.
Michael Morris  UBS: Hi, thank you, good afternoon. A couple of questions on advertising and Outdoor, its been a bit of a unique space and its kind of lagged some of the improvement that we have seen on the television side. Can you talk a little bit about the dynamic that you are seeing there, it had some unique pricing I think because of the competitive environment? What its going to take you think to kind of turn around the top line there and what are you seeing in terms of how your competitors are behaving? And then also on the cost side in Outdoor, a couple of contracts especially I am thinking of the London Underground in particular, you seem to be weighing on the potential to turn profit there. What opportunity do you have for some relief on the contract side, be it those international contracts or anything domestic in the coming year? Thanks.
Leslie Moonves:  Mike, I will deal with part two and then I will flip to Joe on part one. Obviously we are looking at some of these contracts and some of them  some of the bad ones have come to the end, and we have renegotiated a number of contracts. In some we have just played and gotten out of where there are a large guarantees. When you deal with something like the London Underground, obviously its always a work-in-progress when you are dealing with a lengthy contract, and we are in constant discussion with them about revenue share, about more boards, et cetera, and its very fluent. So good news about London is there is Olympics coming up, so we expect that the rates to improve significantly there and changes. But once again overall you hit the nail on the head. Outdoor was the last one to get hit by the cold of economy and its the last one to come back. But Joe you want to talk about 
Joseph Ianniello:  Yes, I think thats exactly right Mike. We saw there is a pecking order, so as Radio and TV Stations cut rates, I think  and advertisers said, well if I had the choice to choose, I am going to put it on TV or Radio. So now as the demand is coming back and you are seeing pricing increases at the national level, at the local level broadcasting, I think now its becoming back to that price disparity, where advertisers are now starting to look back at Outdoor as an efficient means of advertising. So it seems like its feeling the same  following the same exact trends that Radio followed.
Leslie Moonves:  And once again, we have point out. Occupancy has remained the same, still about 70%, so its all about pricing. And as you see with some of our competitors and us as well, pricing has now starting to rise again. So there is good secular trend there that its going to be coming back like the other businesses?
Michael Morris  UBS: Great, thanks guys.
Leslie Moonves:  Thank you.
Adam Townsend:  Thank you, Mike. We will go to the next question.
Operator:  The next question comes from Richard Greenfield with Pali Capital.
Richard Greenfield  Pali Capital: Few questions; one on CBS Films, can you comment on whether the write-off or I assume we took a write-off on a disappointing performance with the first film. Was that a Q4 event or is that actually going to show up on a go-forward basis in Q1? And then on Showtime, you  I think Joe you kind of talked to the fact that there was some unusual benefit from the cost side in the quarter. Just wondering how much of that type of reduced costs from having fewer films from either three studios that went to Epics, how much of that benefit you are going to see in the early part of 2010 and when we should expect that to kind of normalize on a quarterly basis? Thanks.
Joseph Ianniello:  Sure, Rich. On CBS Films, obviously we dont break down profitability by film. I think obviously P&A gets expensed as incurred and we do ultimate for each of our category. So stay tuned for more on that. But on Showtime, yes it was the mix, it was a lot of the original programming as we were amortizing their cost, which is based on again quarter-over-quarter what originals released in the quarter, so thats why again you see a big pop. Obviously again thats not normalized like I said in my comments. So I think you got to look at it over an annual basis to get a more representative picture of the earnings power of the segment. 
Leslie Moonves:  And Rich, once again we have stated before that more of our money is going to go into original programming which it has. We now have more series on the air than ever before, and we have made other film deals that are not as costly as some of the ones we have had in the past, but filling out whatever we 
Joseph Ianniello:  Yes, and you can look at the year-over-year margins, I think this is a good indication of this earnings leverage. 
Richard Greenfield  Pali Capital: But Q1 2010 will be the first time that you will have no movies at all flowing in from any of the three former studio partners, correct?
Joseph Ianniello:  Correct. But we do have  again its  we are expensing lots of content and product 
Leslie Moonves:  And of the studio is also is no longer in business.
Richard Greenfield  Pali Capital: Fair point.
Adam Townsend:  Thanks Rich. Lets go the next question, please.
Operator:  Next we will go to Michael Nathanson from Bernstein Research
Michael Nathanson  Bernstein Research: Thank you. I have two of them for you. One question would be on pacings, we know local is very strong, but how much of the TV and Radio pacings came from Super Bowl, because I did hear Westwood One had a big game, too. So give us a sense of first quarter how much was helped by Super Bowl?
Joseph Ianniello:  Yes, I think again ex-Super Bowl, thats why I tried to give you total stations in the CBS. I mean ex-Super Bowl, its still high teens at the stations. So we tried to give the  CBS stations are obviously pacing at a higher rates because of the Super Bowl, but even the non-CBS stations again are up high teens. 
Michael Nathanson  Bernstein Research: Okay. And then Radio was any of that from Super Bowl in terms of the strengthening there 
Joseph Ianniello:  No, no, no there is no benefit. We didnt have the Super Bowl. 
Michael Nathanson  Bernstein Research: Okay. Well, okay. 
Leslie Moonves:  Yes (inaudible).
Michael Nathanson  Bernstein Research: Yes, then on the second point let me ask you Joe, in the past you have talked about target leverage ratios 
Joseph Ianniello:  Can you say that one more time Michael? 
Michael Nathanson  Bernstein Research: You talked about the target ratio for debt for you guys in terms of leverage ratio you want. I wonder now given the strength of the debt markets, have you rethought where you think leverage ratio should be for CBS and or you going to tap the near-term markets at all for to maybe refinance some of the stuff you got to payoff from you cash flow?
Joseph Ianniello:  I think like we said earlier, I mean we are obviously in a much stronger financial position, so its going to be opportunistic. I think the ratios are coming down, earnings is grow and the debt is coming down. So the leverage ratios have come down considerably. So again if the market present itself we will evaluate it, and if it makes sense, we will jump through. Its not  again the cash is there on hand as you see it. And we have plenty of it.
Michael Nathanson  Bernstein Research: But you  do you have  whats your target ideal ratio.
Joseph Ianniello:  Yes, I dont want to  its not a target number, Michael, only because again it really depends on the underlying trend. So to say, I am stuck within a number, I think we have said we are committed to investment grade, obviously weighing agencies have targets for us and so we do work with that. But I dont think again we have ever said a target number  a fixed target number, because again I do think it moves. 
Adam Townsend:  Thanks Michael.
Michael Nathanson  Bernstein Research: Thanks.
Adam Townsend:  We will take the next question please. 
Operator:  We will go next to Michael Mills with JPMorgan. 
Michael Mills  JPMorgan: You know what, I am good. I got to get faster with Star One. Have a good night.
Adam Townsend:  All right, Michael. No problem. And why dont we take one more question please then. 
Operator:  Okay, that will come from Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo Securities. 
Marci Ryvicker  Wells Fargo Securities:  Thanks. I have two quick ones. Les, you said that some of the retrans is going to the network. So are you already getting payments from the affiliates?
Leslie Moonves:  Yes.  
Joseph Ianniello:  Just (inaudible) Marci, our affiliates thats a reverse compensation and stuff. The retrans  we are talking about two different things. Just so we are clear, retrans is from our owned and operated station, a separate revenue stream, you can call it whatever you want to call it, retrans, reverse compensation, fee, license fees, is that the separate fee that will be paid to the network, that obviously will have nothing to do with our owned and operating stations. 
Leslie Moonves:  But  and to answer your question Marci, yes we are getting reverse comp from certain stations in the certain months of our affiliates and we will continue.
Marci Ryvicker  Wells Fargo Securities:  And then one last question; Joe, can you remind us what you have coming due on the balance sheet over the next few years?
Joseph Ianniello:  We are $415 million due in July 2010, which again obviously we have the  well more than a cash on hand for that. In many of 2011, we have $950 million due and in August of 12, $840 million.
Marci Ryvicker  Wells Fargo Securities:  Thank you very much.
Adam Townsend:  Great. Thanks Marci. And this concludes todays call. Thank you everyone for joining us this evening and have a great night.
Operator:  And once again ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the conference. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-11-05 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President, Investor Relations Sumner M. Redstone - Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors and Founder Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Jessica Reif-Cohen - Banc of America Merrill Lynch Michael Morris - UBS Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank  Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital  Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital  Brian Shippman - Jefferies  Michael Mills - J.P. Morgan  Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo  James Dix - Wedbush Securities  Jason Bazinet - Citi 
Operator:  Good day, everyone and welcome to the CBS Corporations third quarter 2009 earnings release teleconference. Todays call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead, sir.
Adam Townsend: Great, thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to our third quarter 2009 earnings call. Joining me for today's discussion are Sumner Redstone, our Executive Chairman; Leslie Moonves, President and CEO; and Joe Ianniello, Executive Vice President and CFO.  Sumner will have opening remarks and we'll then turn the call over to Les and Joe who will discuss the strategic and financial results. We will then open the call up to questions. Let me note that statements on this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's news releases and securities filings. A webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website at cbscorporation.com. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found in our earnings release, our third quarter Form 10-Q or on our website.  With that, its now my pleasure to turn the call over to Sumner.
Sumner M. Redstone: Thanks. Good afternoon, everyone. I thank you for being with us today. Three quarters of the way through this extraordinary year, two things are becoming increasingly clear -- one, the light at the end of the tunnel continues each day to get brighter and two, the company with the best content have not only fared the best throughout these challenges, they are emerging stronger than ever as well. And CBS is clearly one of those companies. Indeed, if I may say so, the preeminent company.  Throughout the year, Les and his management team have consistently done what is right for the long-term strength of this company. We further solidified our financial position and we also took significant costs out of the business. Meanwhile, CBS' content continues to outshine the competition. The television network is number one again this season and with a number one new and returning shows on television and by the way, thats the first time the network has done that in 11 years -- 11 years. And we are leaders online as one of the top sites in entertainment, technology, sports, and videogames.  Our third quarter results reflect what we have been telling you all year -- as the economy recovers, CBS will be a leading beneficiary in the up-turn and our prospects net year and over the longer term look even stronger. I could not be more pleased with the job that Les and his team are doing.  And now I would like to turn the call over to my very good friend, my colleague and the man I am so happy, very happy to have leading CBS, my friend Les Moonves. 
Leslie Moonves: Thank you very much, Sumner, for the nice words in the introduction. Good afternoon, everybody. Thank you for joining us today. First I am going to briefly review our third quarter results and operational highlights. Then I will turn it over to our CFO, Joe Ianniello, to offer some more details on our financials and balance sheet, and then we will take your questions.  We have been telling you that the second half of the year will be much stronger than the first and todays results bear that out. We said the second quarter would be better than the first and it was. We said the third quarter would be better than the second, and it is. We are very pleased that in this marketplace, revenues were down less than 1% for the quarter and excluding the effect of foreign exchange rates, revenues were actually up slightly as the operating environment continued to improve.  Third quarter reported revenues were $3.35 billion and OIBDA was $566 million, net earnings were $208 million or $0.30 per share. Going forward, we expect underlying revenue trends to continue to get better into next year. Theres no question we are seeing strong evidence of a recovery right now but our general optimism is based on trends both in the economy as a whole and in the advertising environment. Obviously nothing going forward is certain and we must be mindful that the economy is still somewhat volatile.  At the same time, we continue to improve our position through actions that are very much in our own control and across the board, we are confident in what our future holds.  Our content is stronger than ever. The CBS Television Network is off to a phenomenal start and we are getting terrific contributions from domestic and international syndication and from our premium cable business. We continue to make progress in growing our non-advertising revenue streams like retransmission, which will nearly double next year based on contracts we already have in place.  And as a result of more than a year of steady cost containment throughout the company, our operating margins are improving. Plus we continue to strengthen our financial position.  As you saw today, we have secured a new credit facility which along with our debt refinancing earlier this year continues to provide financial certainty and stability into the future.  Given all of this, we remain very comfortable with our full year 2009 OIBDA guidance of $1.725 billion to $1.925 billion. More than anybody else, our success and optimism are due to our ongoing strength of our industry leading content. At CBS, we are a content company first and foremost. Thats what defines us as a company and what our focus is today and always will be.  To better reflect how we have come to view the company, we have realigned our business segments which will also give you better visibility into our strategy. Beginning in the fourth quarter, we will report five realigned business segments. We will have an entertainment segment that includes our television network, production and distribution business, as well as CBS films and CBS interactive.  We will break out cable networks as a separate business comprising our Showtime and CBS College Sports networks. And we will continue to report publishing as a separate segment.  Together, these three business segments will make up what we are calling our content group.  We are also introducing a local broadcasting segment that includes our TV stations and radio business and we will continue to report outdoor as a separate segment. These two businesses together will make up what we are calling our local group and will continue to have focus on major markets across the country.  We have spent years evolving our portfolio into a collection of industry leading content businesses in all the right areas of distribution. The changes we are announcing today align our segment reporting with how we are now running our businesses and represent a natural next step for us. We think the new segment structure will bring better visibility into our long-term growth strategy, increase transparency of our operations and give a clearer view of the efficiencies we are gaining in managing our local assets.  In our release, we lay out our new segment presentation, side by side with the results we just reported.  Now I will take you through a few financial and operating highlights across our businesses.  Beginning with our leading content engine, television -- television revenues were nearly $2.3 billion in the third quarter, up 9% from last year. Our OIBDA of $484 million was up 17%. Strong ratings at the CBS Television network, national advertising coming back and a big boost from syndication all contributed to our higher third quarter results. And these increases took place during a quarter when production costs at the CBS television network were reduced 12% year over year. Cost reductions, by the way, that did not affect the success of our content.  As you know, CBS finished last season as both the number one network and the only network with more viewers than the year before and we continued that momentum through the summer. This fall, we are once again the number one network season to date leading in viewers, households, adults 25 to 54, and we were number one in 18 to 49 until those pesky Yankees showed up on the Fox Television Network in the post season.  NCIS in its seventh season is at an all time high. It is now the number one program on television, averaging 22 million viewers weekly and every single episode this season has attracted more viewers than any other episode in seasons 1 to 6. We have five of the top 10, 12 of the top 20 shows on the TV season to date and our new programs opened very well. We have the top two new shows of the season in NCIS Los Angeles and the Good Wife, both of which are owned 100% by CBS. At ten oclock, we are winning every single night of the week by a large margin and we own four out of the five shows in the time period. Meanwhile, all of our shows are [getting a] significant lift from DVR viewing with C3 ratings that are higher than same day. In fact, CBS is getting the biggest ratings increase from DVRs of all the networks, with most of our shows gaining millions of viewers.  We have said for years that if you have the best programming, time shifting will only build your audience and now it is being proven that leading network content is getting the biggest lift from DVR technology.  At the same time, in late night ratings for David Letterman and Craig Ferguson are at multi-year highs and both are leading their time periods in viewers adults 25 and adults 18 to 49.  Our primetime and late night success has also helped to improve our position in the late local news which I will talk about in a minute. The breadth and strength of our network programming continues to help us outperform our peers in the scatter market. As you know, we have sold less inventory in the up-front than we did last year. Our strategy is now paying off and we are ideally positioned to capitalize on an improving ad environment, with scatter pricing up nearly 25% over the up-front in the fourth quarter.  In fact, fourth quarter scatter dollars are pacing to be up about 100% over a year ago, representing significantly more revenue for the company. At the same time, we are also monetizing the success of programming through syndication. As you saw in our release in the quarter, we benefited from the sale of five major series into syndication -- Medium, Criminal Minds, Ghost Whisperer, Everybody Hates Chris, and Numbers.  Going forward, we will continue to have regular first-run syndication sales of shows like Entertainment Tonight and Judge Judy, our valuable CSI franchise, as well as our growing library, all of which will contribute to syndication revenues for years to come.  A new deal for one of our new shows at a very attractive rate is imminent, ensuring that it will be profitable well before it even wraps up production in the very first year. And we expect the increasing popularity and reach of our CBS and Showtime programming overseas to help our international syndication businesses grow next year as well.  Our success in syndication proves what we have been saying for a long time -- producing the best content pays in both short-term and the long-term by creating multiple recurring revenue streams to complement basic advertising on the network.  We continue to make progress on the retransmission front as well. This year, we have announced new content carriage agreements with Verizon, DISH, Time Warner Cable, and Cablevision. We see retrans contributing hundreds of millions of dollars to revenues annually and truly evolving the business into one with a dual revenue stream.  Likewise, we believe that over the long-term, authentication, also known as TV Everywhere, is another way we can extract value from our content in a multi-platform world. Thats why we were the first broadcasters to sign on with both Comcast and Time Warner in their trial programs to give subscribers access to their channel lineups online.  Quality content is key to the success of our premium cable business as well and our investment in original programming for Showtime continues to pay off. Our shows received a record number of primetime Emmy nominations this season and won six awards. Nurse Jackie drew the highest audience ever for the premiere of -- and finale of a new series on Showtime and Weeds, Dexter, and Californication have all grown their audiences to new highs this season as well. Showtime finished the quarter with nearly 17.5 million subscribers, about 1.3 million more than the same quarter last year. CBS College Sports grew as well, now has deals covering 34 million subs, up 9 million over last year. These increases helps affiliate revenues grow by 11% for the quarter.  As you can see from our new segment view, our cable network contributed nearly 10% to our companys total revenues during the third quarter and will continue to be a very important content engine for us. So will our interactive business, which posted profit growth in the third quarter with OIBDA up 11% in a challenging revenue environment.  We continue to see traffic growth across our online brands, visitors to CBS Interactive Sites were up an average of 12% in September year over year. We have multiple number one brands in key categories, including the number one tech site in CNET, the number one TV network site in cbs.com, and the number one sports site by engagement in cbssports.com.  We are particularly well situated to monetize the growth of premium videos on the web, an area that is predicted to be up double-digits this year. As advertisers increase spending on premium video, they want it on the sites with the highest quality content and we are at the top of the list.  Plus we are also seeing display advertising improve in the fourth quarter and given our online portfolio, I have every reason to believe we will be a leading beneficiary in that up-turn as well.  From on air to online, it has become increasingly clear to us over the years that our future lies in becoming a content company first, coupled with local strategy that is focused on the largest, most promising markets. But make no mistake, key major market distribution assets will continue to play a crucial role in the long-term success of our company. And we intend to maintain a targeted local presence in TV, radio, and outdoor, concentrating our assets where we can reach the broadest audiences with our leading content.  Combining our local TV and radio stations into a single local broadcast segment will allow us to focus on producing the most valuable content in major markets across the country regardless of platforms and it will allow a new cost efficiency that we believe will benefit our results going forward.  Meanwhile, sales trends across our local businesses continue to improve. Pacing is trending up week after week and the numbers at our TV and radio stations, as well as outdoor, look better right now than they have all year. In fact, ex political, our TV stations were up slightly year over year for the month of October and the trend is continuing into November. The improvement of our TV stations come from a number of different major categories. In automotive, Toyota, Ford, and GM have all been very public about their need to spend more money in advertising. Weve certainly seen the benefit of that.  At the same time, we have continued ratings and performance success at our major market stations. Ratings for our TV stations are up 17% year over year on average in adults 25 to 54, the key demo -- the demo that is sold in local broadcasting. As I mentioned earlier, our strength in primetime, particularly the 10:00 p.m. hour, has really helped our performance in late local news.  In New York through last week for the first time in years, the 11:00 p.m. news on WCBS was number one. In Chicago, our late news viewership is up 40% and in Los Angeles, late night news ratings at KCBS are up 20% this season in adults 25 to 54.  Meanwhile, radio is showing improvement as well -- for the quarter, radio had revenues of nearly $319 million in the third quarter and OIBDA of $93 million. As with TV stations, we have seen higher pacings in auto and financial services, among other categories. The format changes that we have implemented in major markets have delivered higher ratings and revenue and we are no moving to take advantage of the growth in sports radio.  We have recently changed formats at stations in Boston and Washington, D.C., giving us sports formatted stations in eight of the top 11 markets.  And during the quarter, we made further progress in our major market strategy, closing on the sale of our four Portland, Oregon mid-sized market stations for good prices.  As I mentioned, outdoor has seen improvement in its pacing as well. Outdoor was the last local business to be hit by the recession and although it is beginning to recover, it is doing so later than in TV and radio. The good news is that the U.S., which is our biggest market, is making the strongest recovery so far.  For the third quarter, revenues were $425 million and OIBDA was just under $33 million, partially reflecting the impact of foreign exchange rates.  We also made management and structural changes in outdoor to capitalize on our global presence. Where it used to be North America and everything else, our business is now divided into the Americas along with Europe and Asia. Outdoor remains very important to us and has a promising long-term growth profile.  We will continue to manage the business to capitalize on the recovery.  Finally, the performance of our publishing segment improved in the third quarter. Revenues for Simon & Schuster were up about 2% to $230 million and OIBDA was up 10%. While recovery of the overall retail marketplace hasnt fully taken hold, advanced sales of some highly anticipated new fall titles have done very well. Plus we have done a lot of work on cost cuts in this business which has really helped margins.  In addition, we have a number of new digital initiatives in place to ensure that as with all of our businesses, the content we are producing at Simon & Schuster remains relevant and compelling in the new media market place.  We are very pleased with our quarter and as you can see, things are headed in the right direction in all of our businesses. The operating environment continues to improve steadily. As we anticipated, each quarter this year has been better than last; the CBS Television Network continues to be number one with as solid a schedule as we have had in decades.  As our continued efforts to contain costs are helping improve margin, we are mindful that things are better but still have a ways to go. Above all else, we remain focused on producing the absolute best content for our audience. Our content focus will only grow over time and our new segment alignment underscores that strategy. It will help you better track our progress against the companys growth initiatives in content business and the gains we expect on the distribution side. I have faith in our strategy and the management we have in place to execute.  Now I will turn the call over to someone who has been instrumental in helping us to align our businesses with our long-term plan for success, our CFO, Joe Ianniello. Joe. 
Joseph R. Ianniello: Thanks, Leslie. I am going to focus my comments on four areas this afternoon -- first, additional color on the third quarter results; second, a quick update on our liquidity profile; third, an outlook for the remainder of the year; and lastly, a look at our new reporting segments.  Starting with the results, we finished the quarter with revenues of $3.35 billion. As Leslie noted, that was nearly flat with last year and actually up slightly on a constant dollar basis. At an OIBDA level, we finished the quarter at $597 million before an impairment charge, a significant improvement over the prior two quarters. This year our OIBDA margin in Q1 was 8%; in Q2, 13%; and in Q3, it was 17%, which is approaching last years level.  We continue to focus on driving operating efficiencies. Our SG&A [inaudible] are down 9% in the quarter and our overall compensation expense is down 7%.  Our reported EPS came in at $0.30 per share, so we have gone from a loss of $0.08 in Q1 to positive $0.02 in Q2, and now $0.30 in this quarter.  There are three discrete items impacting EPS that I want to highlight. First, we recorded a $32 million impairment charge associated with the sale of four radio stations in Portland which closed on September 30th. Second, we settled a dispute related to a previously divested business which resulted in a net benefit of $28 million to us. This amount is reflected in residual costs. And lastly, we settled some federal and state income tax audits from previous years. That resulted in a $42 million benefit to our tax provision, with no impact to cash taxes.  These three items taken as a whole resulted in a net benefit of $0.05 per share during the quarter.  Before I turn to the balance sheet, I am going to give you a few more thoughts on our segment performance to add to Leslies remarks.  In television, advertising revenue at the CBS network was up slightly for the quarter, led by pharmaceutical and automotive categories. Again, this is a notable sequential improvement as we were down 9% in the first quarter and 6% in the second quarter. Affiliate revenues were up 11% for the quarter on higher retrans revenues and rate increases at our cable networks, which also by the way benefited from the continued growth of telco distribution.  At our TV stations group, revenues were down 13.6% for the quarter. As a reminder, we are comping against significant political dollars in Q3 2008, which contributed nearly four points to this quarters decline, so our base business has shown a sizable improvement from the previous two quarters.  TV license fees grew 36% this quarter, driven by the five shows we sold into domestic syndication compared to the syndication of CSI New York in the third quarter of 2008. While we are not providing revenues of profits for these shows separately, it is important to note that first cycle availability were not the only drive of growth here. We also saw growth from both domestic and international markets for other titles.  Turning to radio, our top 10 markets outperformed the overall group for the quarter and were up slightly versus the second quarter. This is another indication of a recovery because as many of you guys know, the third quarter revenues in radio are usually a few points less than the second quarter.  Meanwhile in outdoor, we continue to focus on cost efficiencies. We have renegotiated nearly 1,000 leases in the United States alone on favorable terms that will benefit future quarters and we have reduced compensation expense by over 20% in the quarter.  As Leslie noted, our local businesses continued to show solid momentum. TV stations, radio, and outdoor posted their best month of the year in terms of total dollars booked in the month of September, and based on current pacings we expect the fourth quarter for these local assets to be up double-digits over the third quarter, another sequential quarterly improvement.  Turning to interactive, we were able to drive an 11% OIBDA increase through efficiencies from continued integration of the merger and from exiting lower margin businesses. In the fourth quarter, as you know, is the largest contributor for this business. Major advertising categories are coming back and spending more, including the tech sector, which is very important to us.  And finally, publishing -- the reported revenue increase was 2%, but in constant dollars it was 4%, driven by strong front list titles which led to an OIBDA increase of 10%.  Now to our liquidity profile -- our free cash flow came in at a use of $24 million, a [inaudible] million improvement from the prior year. Free cash flow for the nine months ended September was $532 million, which includes $56 million of payments for previous restructuring charges.  We ended the quarter with $474 million of cash on the balance sheet, an increase of $132 million from June 30th. Capital expenditures totaled $46 million for the quarter, down from $129 million last year.  During the quarter, we increased our accounts receivable securitization program by $150 million, taking advantage of the easing credit markets. It is worth noting that our free cash flow definition excludes the benefits of increasing this program as it is purely a financing decision.  In addition, today we also announced a new three year $2 billion credit facility. This is another key step in our refinancing strategy and is a reflection of the confidence that banks have in our company. It is the largest new three year triple B revolver done this year and it was significantly over-subscribed.  Going forward we will continue to focus on deleveraging our balance sheet.  Lets turn to the outlook for the rest of 2009 -- once again, we have reaffirmed our full year OIBDA guidance of $1.725 billion to $1.925 billion. In addition to that, we provide some other forward-looking statements in our 10Q that I wanted to highlight.  Our full year capital expenditures should come in anywhere between $250 million to $280 million, which is lower than our previous guidance range of $275 million to $325 million.  And cash taxes for 2009 should be approximately $75 million, down from the $100 million to $125 million we said previously due to refunds received from prior tax returns.  Finally, lets take a look at the way we are going to report our results in the future. As Leslie said, the goal was to realign our segments to reflect the way we now operate our businesses and to give investors transparency into those results. We think we have done that and the changes we are previewing today will be effective for the fourth quarter. For illustrative purposes, we included a supplemental schedule on page 13 of our earnings release which highlights the revenue and OIBDA for our new presentation.  We will continue to have a total of five segments. As Les noted, they will consist of entertainment, cable networks, publishing, local broadcasting, and outdoor. We are referring to the entertainment, cable networks, and publishing segments as our content group. In the third quarter, this group accounted for about 70% of total revenue and grew 11%. More than half the revenue in this group is non-advertising related and a significant portion is generated from recurring revenue streams that include license fees from our growing library, as well as multi-year contractual commitments from subscription revenue and first-run syndication.  We are referring to our local broadcasting and outdoor groups as our local group. These businesses contributed about 30% of total revenue for the quarter and should be the biggest beneficiary of margin improvement in 2010 as the economy continues to recover.  In conclusion, 2009 has been a busy and productive year for us. We continue to produce the best content in the marketplace. We have taken lots of costs permanently out of the infrastructure. Weve done some significant refinancings to the balance sheet. We are realigning our operations to focus on our core strategy. And meanwhile, the macro trends continue to improve which is all positive momentum for CBS.  With that, we will now take your questions.
Adam Townsend: Jessica, please open the lines .
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will go first to Benjamin Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: A question for Les and then one follow-up -- could you talk about how you think retransmission is going to flow through your affiliates and that relationship that you have on the affiliate side?  And one of the things we have all been focused on during the year as a lot of the station companies have had some stress on their financials is how your first run syndication business will grow over time, even though that is a pretty big customer base on the first run front. So could you talk about how retrans may benefit that business in making your sort of customers healthier?
Leslie Moonves: Well, in terms of the affiliate and retrans issue, as each new affiliation agreement comes up, there will be a sharing of the retrans fees. Once again, its in the very early stages of that and the realization that if [they are getting paid retrans], which they will, they are getting paid retrans because of the services that the network is providing -- you know, the NFL, CSI, David Letterman, 60 Minutes, et cetera. So we are working with our affiliates right now. Most of them understand the situation and are talking to us about how we do this in the best possible way together.  In terms of first-run, number one the idea continues to be very progress in producing more of those shows. We have a new show called The Doctors, which is now in its second year and last year was the only successful first-run show. So that clearly is growing. We are also seeing some improvement in the ratings on some of our shows like Dr. Phil and once again, the place of some of the off network stuff in the marketplace, as I referred to, is still very healthy and very strong. 
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: And you made a comment on improvements on your local platforms heading into the fourth quarter. Specific to radio, it sounds like -- and this is for Joe -- you talked about double-digit sequential improvement and I know that there were some stations, the Portland sale in there but it looked like you are sort of implying down kind of low single digit year-on-year in the fourth quarter in radio. I just wanted to see if that was close to right on the math and certainly suggest maybe we could see some actual growth in the early part of next year. 
Joseph R. Ianniello: Well, we are not going to give quarterly guidance but what I will tell you, the pacing trends are significantly improving each week and that trend is continuing, so we are pretty optimistic about those trends across several categories. 
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thanks a lot. 
Operator:  Well go next to Jessica Reif-Cohen with Banc of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Banc of America Merrill Lynch: Two questions -- the first one is about the new segment reporting. Where does retransmission fall? And second of all, does it go with the local broadcasting or is part of the cable networks? And would you consider selling or spinning any part of the local group?
Joseph R. Ianniello: I didnt hear the last part of the question. 
Leslie Moonves: She said would we sell any of the locals. 
Joseph R. Ianniello: Ill take the first part -- the new segment, the TV stations receive the retrans money and the TV stations have basically affiliation agreements with the network, so again retrans may not be spelled out specifically but just like any other third-party agreement, there will be reverse compensation paid to the network. 
Leslie Moonves: At the moment, in terms of selling, we talked about trimming down our radio portfolio somewhat. We continue on that quest. We got a good price in Portland. The good news is we do not have to sell anything but as activity comes back, there are certain markets where we would consider trimming in terms of radio and potentially I guess a few of the smaller television stations. But those are the only plans that we have right now. 
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Banc of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, and a completely different subject -- on Oprah, her contract is expiring in the next year or two years. When will you know if she is going to continue her show? And if she decides not to renew, how big of an impact will that be for you?
Leslie Moonves: First of all, we are obviously in constant conversations with Oprah. You know, shes a legend and one of the great assets that we have and we believe in her. Our contract with her runs through most of 11, so -- and we fully hope that she is coming back to extend further. We will know probably in a few months. If there is a negative impact, it wouldnt hit us until 12, so that is sort of where we are and we are in dialog. 
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Banc of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. 
Operator:  Well go next to Michael Morris with UBS.
Michael Morris - UBS: A question -- a couple of questions on advertising. Specifically, you talked about total scatter being up 100% year over year in the quarter, total scatter dollars. I am hoping you could give a little more color on that in terms of the magnitude of the impact to the actual fourth quarter results. It sounds like a very big number but a little bit of clarity relative to what you have already committed in the up-front and how that compares on a year-over-year basis would be helpful.  And then as a follow-up, there is some concern about the amount of inventory that will be available just across television in general in the first quarter of next year and while it is early obviously to talk about scatter, can you give any insight in terms of what you are seeing in cancellations of up-front commitments? I think its about that time right now. 
Leslie Moonves: All right -- first of all, cancellations are almost non-existent right now. People are -- the demand for scatter is so high right now that we have been requested by our sales department to cut some promos in exchange for sales. And frankly, scatter is based, and I know there is always the how much inventory is available, when you look at the ratings the inventory is available at the higher priced networks, the networks that are doing well. We dont have pay-backs. We dont have make goods. Some of our competitors do and as a result, they dont have much in the marketplace. Our shows are performing extremely well. As I said, we are getting 25% higher than the up-front and there have been a number of advertisers and there have been a number of advertising agencies that have said to us they are sorry their clients didnt listen and buy more in the up-front because they would have got better pricing. So this has worked out very much to our advantage.  Joe, in terms of the first part of the question. 
Joseph R. Ianniello: I think you answered it. I mean, as far as the first quarter, I mean, obviously we have the Super Bowl and we are seeing great demand for advertising there. 
Michael Morris - UBS: Thats great but also in the fourth quarter with the 100% increase in total scatter dollars year over year, what can that mean for fourth quarter network results, given the mix between up-front and scatter sales?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Again, weve got to see, got to finish out the quarter so obviously the trend is improving and it continues, so I dont want to predict how it is going to end in the quarter but I will tell you that it is strong momentum going into the end of the year. 
Leslie Moonves: Let me just add, we have 35% of our inventory left. We are getting very good pricing. It will affect the fourth quarter network revenue in a very positive way and its not insignificant. 
Michael Morris - UBS: Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator:  Well go next to Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank : Thank you for realigning the segments, Joe. We were running out of things to do. I wanted to ask Jessicas a different way, and then I have a follow-up -- youve been asked this in the past, Les, and I know you are focused on building the company, not breaking it up, but the debt markets are really attractive right now and who knows how long that might last. So given where Lemar is trading, why not throw a ton of debt on outdoor and spin that off to shareholders? I know you are a free cash flow junkie but I also know you think your stock should be higher and that would be one way to get there, so why not do it? And then my follow-up, also for Les, your comments on DVRs, the data is really stunning, maybe partly driven by how many strong programs are being aired across all the networks on Thursday but how do you get paid for live plus seven? Because the problem is we are still just getting paid for C3 and the data is really starting to separate. Any thoughts there would be helpful. Thanks. 
Leslie Moonves: In terms of outdoor, this hasnt been the greatest year in outdoor and we expect it to significantly improve in 10 and 11 and get back to levels that we were at a few years back. So we like the asset.  You are right -- I do like free cash flow. There is no reason for us to be selling any of these assets except for some of the smaller market things and I think thats our position on outdoor.  In terms of your second question, DVR, you know, we have always stated, DVR usage is for primetime network or premium cable content and it is proving to be the case. The DVRs are used by the most watched episodic series that are out there.  You are right -- live plus seven becomes a much more significant number. It took us a while to get to C3; however, things are changing rather rapidly. We are actually in conversations with Nielsen as we speak about doing that. That will be -- thats an important question going forward, not only to get all DVR and live plus seven but to get online as well represented. So we want all the people that are watching our shows because as you can see, its a significant number that we are not getting paid for. I mean but with C3, everything is improving and the DVR is our friend, not our enemy, which we have been saying for a few years and nobody believed us and now there is proof that it is true. 
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank : I guess we will have to wait until there is a lot of leverage in the marketplace and then we will move on to that one, right?
Leslie Moonves: Thats right. 
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank : All right. Thank you. 
Operator:  Well go next to Rich Greenfield with Pali Capital.
Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital : Two questions -- one, Les, you highlighted a syndication deal that it sounds like isnt signed yet without a lot of specifics. Could you give us a sense of the timing of revenue or profit that something like this could actually impact CBS as well as what year we should be thinking about this?  And then two, on the broadcast spectrum side, theres been a lot of talk out of the government about possibly reclaiming some spectrum. I am curious whether you had any interest with any of your stations in participating in this spectrum reclamation program that the government is considering and whether if you didnt participate, whether you think it actually could help you if others do participate, if others do? Thanks. 
Leslie Moonves: Good question. In terms of -- you know, there should be a deal announced fairly shortly. It will be in a matter of days. It will have an impact on next year, on 10 as well as a much greater impact as we go down. The dollars I can't mention but it is very significant and we are very pleased. But I will be able to talk about it -- obviously there are some other parties involved so I can't give a whole lot more detail than that but its a deal we are extremely pleased with and I think our investors will as well. In terms of broadcast spectrum, it is an interesting issue. We are obviously not in favor of giving up our spectrum. One of the things that is important to us is continuing to be able to deliver HD over the air and that requires spectrum. And some of the things that have been discussed would make it almost impossible for us to do that, so we are against giving up spectrum right now because we think by and large it would hurt our product. 
Joseph R. Ianniello: And I just to clarify the accounting treatment of the shows that go into syndication -- what that would mean is if the deal is signed, it would affect the ultimate profitability so we would amortize that profit into the show and then when the shows are made available to the cable net, we would then recognize that revenue, so we are clear. 
Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital : But from the HD comment, Les, that just made, does that mean that -- do you think others share that same view that nobody wants to pursue that? And why is that HD feed over the air so important? Does that relate to your football deals or is there some major reason for that?
Leslie Moonves: No, its just -- once again, to take a step backwards and not being able to deliver everything -- by the way, we have spent significant money over the last two years giving the customer the best possible product. If we can't fulfill giving HD for 100% of our schedule -- that includes sports but it also includes the CSIs of the world, and that would -- the spectrum would affect that on over-the-air broadcast, which we think is still very important for 15% of the country. 
Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital : Thanks for clarifying. 
Operator:  Well go next to Michael Nathanson with Sanford C. Bernstein.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein: Thanks. I have two, one for Les and one for Joe. Les, let me come back to the scatter and network question -- last call, scatter was very strong in the third quarter -- you told us in the second quarter call third quarter was going to be really great in scatter, the network was up slightly. So the question is, given how strong scatter is this quarter in the fourth quarter, will the network grow, would it be positive versus the third quarter number?
Leslie Moonves: You know what? We are only halfway through the quarter -- we are not even there yet. An educated guess or better than that is yes. The scatter numbers are significant. As I said, when we reduce our nightly promo sports, truly we have -- we are trying to handle -- they are knocking down the doors. Our schedule opened very strong. There is a great deal of demand for our spots and that is what creates the marketplace. Some of the other networks are not in the same position so we are a very good buy. Im not saying the other networks dont have good buys but there clearly is a demand much larger than we expected and once again, it proved to advertisers it is good to invest in the up-front. You usually get a better deal than you do in scatter and I think in May, it was a very different climate than it is in September and October, whereby more and more people are getting into the marketplace and now its supply and demand.  The good news about some of the scatter buys also, they are non-guaranteed. So we are in a very good position and the results are bearing that out and you will see that in the fourth quarter results. 
Joseph R. Ianniello: And just to reiterate, in Q3 as I said in my comments, network advertising is up. 
Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein: Right. Can I ask you an affiliate revenues for a second, Joe? You accrued $35 million in the quarter. Could you help us figure out in terms of growth rates what percentage of the 11% growth rate was price versus volume for the affiliate revenue deals?
Joseph R. Ianniello: The affiliate revenue? Its mostly just rate. Theres some sub-growth but it is mostly rate increase. 
Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein: Okay, and thats where retrans is coming through, right?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Thats correct. 
Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein: Okay, thank you. 
Operator:  Well go next to Anthony DiClemente with Barclays Capital.
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital : I have two, the first one is for Joe or Les -- if I just take a step back and look at the television segment, two years ago it did about $2 billion in EBITDA. I think most people are looking for 1.4 or 1.5. The cable network managers like to talk about how that type of decline in broadcast is not really cyclical because broadcast TV has lost market share in terms of viewership.  So I mean, in the context of that sort of thesis, I just wonder if you could talk about is it possible for you to get back to that $2 billion level in say the next year or two? How should we be thinking about that in terms of structural versus cyclical? Thanks. 
Joseph R. Ianniello: The new reporting segment is going to help you. It is going to help you see that and I think when you are looking at the television segment, you have to remember the TV station business is in there, and so our local assets have really been the hardest hit with this economy. So I think when you say can the network business get back, the network business isnt down nearly what some of our local asset [struggle], so the answer is yes, we fully expect it to get back to full profitability and we have taken lots of costs out so again, we are making more with less so again, thats been our continued focus. 
Leslie Moonves: And Anthony, this is just a correction -- last year our ratings were up in every single demographic and this year we are up as well in viewers. So there isnt a steep decline at CBS -- there are steep declines at some of the other places. 
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital : I understand. And Les, one thing that you mentioned in your opening comments, you talked about the fact that a couple of your new shows, you own 100% of. Im wondering if you could share with us or remind us what -- if you look up and down your fall schedule this year, what percentage of your hours are owned or what percentage of your shows are owned? And I know its not a straightforward answer because you do own minority stakes in some of your shows but I am just wondering if you could give us a ballpark or help us get some or most of the way there. 
Leslie Moonves: We own over 75% of our shows, we own. There are a few that we dont own. We dont own a few of the comedies and we dont own Mentalist but as I said, all of our ten oclock shows, we own all of them. So as I said -- 
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital : But I mean, the 75%, is that 75% considering the fact that you only own half of CSI? Is that half that you dont own in CSI included in the 75%?
Leslie Moonves: Yes, I mean some of them are 100% -- NCIS is 100%, Good Wife is 100%, CSI is 50%, but we distribute it as well so it is more like over 60% of that show we own. You know, there are only a handful of shows that we own nothing on. 
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital : Okay, great. Thanks, guys. 
Operator:  Well go next to Brian [Shippman] with Jefferies.
Brian Shippman - Jefferies : The question is with respect to the local TV stations. Ex political, how much of the improvement was national ad driven? How is local advertising fairing? And what is your view longer term of the competitive landscape for local?
Leslie Moonves: I am not quite sure what the percentage breakdown is between national and local. I do know -- 
Brian Shippman - Jefferies : Not necessarily the breakdown but how much improvement if any at all came from national versus local?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Most of it is coming from local. I think it is the small advertisers coming back into the marketplace. Like we said, we didnt see the steep decline at the national level. So its the local guys coming back and again its across many categories which give us some optimism. 
Brian Shippman - Jefferies : You highlighted auto -- can you give us some other examples, please?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Sure -- retail, financial services, entertainment. 
Leslie Moonves: Pharmaceuticals also. 
Joseph R. Ianniello: Pharmaceuticals. 
Leslie Moonves: Those are our biggest categories and they are showing great growth. 
Operator:  Well go next to Michael Mills with J.P. Morgan.
Michael Mills - J.P. Morgan : You know what -- Im good. Have a great night. 
Operator:  Well go next to Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo : Just a quick one -- with Quincy Smiths departure, how does this change your digital strategy or you M&A strategy, if at all?
Leslie Moonves: You know, when Quincy was brought in, he was brought in when we were rather immature in terms of our online presence. Quincy was brought in to help us strategize with all our various businesses and look at M&A and once again, we bought CNET. It was integrated beautifully into the rest of CBS Interactive. We had two wonderful leaders in Quincy and Neal. Quincy was at 30,000 feet and great in setting up our strategy and once again, remember, he is going to be our advisor for a long time to come. Thats not a nominal advisor. Its a real advisor with a real deal and he is going to be extremely active as we go forward. And once again, we feel in very good hands with Neil Ashe leading our interactive group, so we are in very good shape. 
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo : Great, thanks.
Operator:  Well go next to James Dix with Wedbush Securities.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities: A couple of questions -- first, if you could give a little color on the improvement you are seeing in outdoor. Lemar put up some decent improvements in the third and guidance for the fourth quarter. I wanted to know what you are seeing in terms of regions, in particular in the U.S.  And then secondly, if you could just talk a little bit more about the rest of your local businesses, any sense as to when you might first start seeing some local core positive growth, you know, at the TV stations or the radio stations and outdoor -- how do you think that might be flowing in, just based on what you are seeing in the ad market?
Joseph R. Ianniello: The outdoor, clearly the U.S. is ahead of the rest of the world, from what we are seeing and it really goes kind of market by market. I think maybe some of the smaller markets might be ahead of the larger markets there but clearly what I will tell you in the fourth quarter, we are seeing a significant pick-up from the third quarter, so I did see Lemars comments and we are seeing consistent themes in that.  As far as local, yes, there are positive signs. I think as Les said in his opening, ex political for the month of October, local TV stations is up. Theres growth and its pacing the same way for November. So that is real positive growth. 
Leslie Moonves: And if you would ask us do we expect them to grow in 10, the answer is right now yes, we do. We expect radio to grow, we expect TV to grow. 
James Dix - Wedbush Securities: And just following up, Joe, radio and outdoor, when do you think those could break into the positive growth side on the local business?
Joseph R. Ianniello: As Les said, going into 2010, weve got strong momentum and it depends obviously on the macro factors leading that but there is no reason why we can't expect positive growth. 
Adam Townsend: Thanks, James and Jessica, why dont we go ahead and take our last question, please?
Operator:  Our last question comes from Jason Bazinet with Citi. 
Jason Bazinet - Citi : I have two questions. First, I fully respect the decision to keep a wide guidance range the beginning of the year -- given that we are three quarters under the belt and one third of the way through the fourth quarter, can you just elaborate on why you didnt tighten up the range at this late date? And then second, on the new presentation, it seemed like was a three-fold increase in the eliminations line in dollar terms. Can you just sort of explain what the drivers are of that?
Joseph R. Ianniello: As far as the guidance, we are comfortable with the range. Thats why we gave a range because things go up and down. We are obviously tied to the economy a bit so we are comfortable with the range and we have reaffirmed it.  As far as the new presentation goes, look, you have to eliminate inter-company profits so when you go out and you break things apart, obviously from a GAAP perspective, the profits get recognized at each of those divisions but in consolidation, you have to eliminate those. So obviously as you change things around, we have to go back and make sure they are properly eliminated. 
Jason Bazinet - Citi : But is it retrans -- is that the item that is being bumped up as you sort of --
Joseph R. Ianniello: There could be -- 
Jason Bazinet - Citi : -- eliminations between content and -- 
Joseph R. Ianniello: There could be anything that is eliminated there. Again, its any revenues, profits that are generated between sister divisions are eliminated, so certainly each division is not recording profits on it -- the profit from retrans is coming from the retrans deals we have from television stations. 
Jason Bazinet - Citi : Okay. Thank you.
Adam Townsend: Thanks, Jason and thanks everyone for joining us tonight. We appreciate you taking the time and have a good evening.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-08-06 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Adam Townsend - Executive Vice President, Investor Relations Sumner M. Redstone - Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors and Founder Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Fredric G. Reynolds - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Joseph R. Ianniello - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Jessica Reif-Cohen - Banc of America Merrill Lynch Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Michael Morris - UBS Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank  Michael Mills - J.P. Morgan  Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital  Mark Wienkes - Goldman Sachs Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital  Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo 
Operator:  Good day, everyone and welcome to the CBS Corporations second quarter 2009 earnings release teleconference. As a reminder, todays call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend. Please go ahead, sir.
Adam Townsend: Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to our second quarter 2009 earnings call. Joining me for today's discussion are Sumner Redstone, our Executive Chairman; Leslie Moonves, President and CEO; Fred Reynolds, Executive Vice President; and Joe Ianniello, Executive Vice President and CFO.  Sumner will have opening remarks and we'll then turn the call over to Les, Fred, and Joe who will discuss the strategic and financial results. We will then open the call up to questions. Let me note that statements on this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's news releases and securities filings. A webcast of this call and the earnings release related to today's presentation can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website at cbscorporation.com. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to this call can be found in our earnings release, our second quarter Form 10-Q or on our website.  With that, its now my pleasure to turn the call over to Sumner.
Sumner M. Redstone: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. I thank you for being with us today. Throughout the year, Les and his management team have stayed the course. They made continuing progress in positioning CBS as a long-term industry leader. During the second quarter, we took an active step in improving our liquidity by refinancing near-term debt at very favorable rates. We cut costs in all the right areas. We are operating more efficiently. And in every part of the media landscape, CBS content is at the top of its game and by the way, content is king.  I have no doubt that CBS will be a leading beneficiary as the economy recovers and recover it will. We are already seeing the signs of improvement and CBS' operation showed real proof of that. As Leslie will tell you, many of our local businesses began to pick up early in the second quarter and that trend continues today.  I am excited about what CBS will do in a steadily improving operating environment and about our long-term prospects as an industry leader in every one of our content businesses.  Now as to what is going on at [inaudible], as I said last week, national continues to make excellent progress and has an excellent working relationship with its creditors. Beyond that, as Ive said in the past, I will reserve further comment until we have something definitive to announce.  And with that, let met turn this over to CBS' President and CEO, my very good friend and my colleague, Leslie. 
Leslie Moonves: Thank you, Sumner and good afternoon, everybody. Thanks for joining us today to discuss our second quarter results for 2009. As we anticipated and shared with you on our last call, signs of a recovery continued in the second quarter. The trends in our business moved in the right direction relative to the first quarter and the improvement has been very steady and very real. The economic climate is still very difficult, of course, and we have faced and will continue to face a rough economic environment. But despite this, CBS delivered more than $3 billion in revenues in the second quarter. Our OIBDA of $387 million was a strong improvement over the first quarter, as was our EPS, which came in at $0.08 per share this quarter on an adjusted basis. Our businesses once again generated healthy free cash flow, $352 million in the quarter, again more than the first quarter, bringing our year-to-date total above the $0.5 billion market.  I am particularly pleased with the success weve had converting our OIBDA into free cash flow. We also strengthened our balance sheet during the quarter by refinancing near-term debt, replacing it with longer dated bonds at favorable rates. Fred and Joe will give you more detail on that later.  Going forward, we see the year progressing as we envisioned and as we told you it would on our last call. The second quarter was better than the first -- now we are seeing a third quarter better than the second and we believe the fourth quarter will be better than the third and we will continue to improve in the early part of 2010 when we have the Super Bowl and the beginning of what appears to be a healthy political year.  There are several reasons for this momentum. First, the signs of recovery that began in the second quarter have been gathering steam in the third. Sales pacing, particularly in the local businesses that were most challenged by the recession have been getting stronger. Just to give you some context, our TV station group picked up more than 16 sales pacing points between the beginning and the end of the second quarter and radio added 11 points. We are seeing a similar trend in the third quarter with both local businesses pacing four to eight points above where they were at the same point in the second quarter.  Let me stress that they are not back at the levels we want them to be but they are clearly on the rise. Local businesses were the first to be hit by the recession and it appears they are the first to come out of it as well, particularly major market properties like ours.  Other media companies without local assets like ours may not have seen this year but the change is noticeably here. In addition, weve got a full pipeline of valuable syndication titles scheduled for release in the third quarter. Five shows, including Criminal Minds and Ghost Whisperer have been sold at very attractive prices to leading cable outlets, and as these and other revenues come in, our margins will continue to improve given our streamlined cost structure. We started cutting costs across the company early last year and we are seeing the full effects of that now. As a result, well see more revenues fall to the bottom line as we move forward.  All of these expectations were built into the full year OIBDA guidance we gave you last quarter and we have reaffirmed that guidance in our press release this afternoon.  Of course, outside of the economy itself, the single most important factor determining our performance will always be the quality and popularity of our content and to quote Sumner Redstone, content is King, and the good news is from viewers to listeners to readers to unique users, we continue to lead the industry with winning content and we are getting that content to a variety of new audiences and monetizing it in new ways all the time.  Let me give you an up-to-the-minute example with our hit television show, NCIS. As you know in the past, we would broadcast a show like this and then a repeat or two. Today we are not only collecting revenues from airing NCIS on the network and our stations but in addition, full exclusivity in syndication is a thing of the distant past. As a result, the show has been sold to Ion Station Group, to USA on cable -- its now licensed to 196 markets internationally, its streamed on CBS audience network and TV.com, sold on iTunes and later this month, we will release the sixth season on DVD, as well as the collectors edition of all six seasons to date. And this fall, we are debuting an NCIS spin-off based in Los Angeles, setting us up to replicate this whole dynamic yet again with a new hit show. This is why we look at ourselves as a content company first. We are confident that as distribution models evolve and grow, the best content will always win.  Of course, the heart of that content is our television segment which posted revenues of $1.9 billion in the second quarter. Leading the way, the CBS Television Network continues to outperform the competition with no signs of letting up. As youll remember, we were up in every single key demo this past television season and no other network was up in any category. This summer, CBS is once again the only network that is growing -- all the others are down double-digits and we will continue to have the most time period winning programs more than all the other networks combined.  I am particularly pleased with the performance of David Letterman against the new competitions. Ratings have surged for us since the change on June 1st and Dave recently won four consecutive weeks versus The Tonight Show for the first time since 1995. He is now barely trailing NBC in adults 18 to 49 and the advertisers are noticing. Craig Ferguson has now also won the last three weeks in a row. We are very pleased with our position in late night.  Speaking of advertisers, we are nearing the finish line of our up-front discussions and we are very pleased with how things have progressed. Weve been the strongest player in these very protracted negotiations. The good news for us is that despite slight pricing declines, our audience has grown. As a result, weve been able to achieve flat revenues for the percentage of inventory weve sold so far.  Total volume is down this year. We have retained more inventory to sell in the scatter and we like our position as the economy continues to improve and we maintain our standing as Americas most watched network.  Advertisers have been coming back very strongly in the third quarter scatter market, particularly in core categories like retail, telecom, pharma, and quick service restaurants. And scatter pricing is up over last years up-front, which again bodes well for us going forward. And our third quarter scatter dollars are up 30% from third quarter scatter last year.  This past broadcast season, we had no audience deficiency, given our strong ratings, and as a result, we did very well in the scatter market and this coming year, we are even more confident in our stable schedule. So when you couple that with an improving economy, we once again believe we can lead the scatter market, as well as the entire market.  Plus we have some experience with this strategy. The last time we managed inventory like this was in 2002 and we ended up making a lot more money in scatter than if we had sold the inventory in the up-front. I am confident that when it is all said and done, our content will allow us to take in the most volume at the most attractive prices.  Having the best content is also very important to our premium cable business. At Showtime, subscriber growth was the single largest driver behind our 10% year-over-year gain in affiliate revenues in the second quarter. The continuing quality of our programming is clearly fueling our subscriber growth and we launched another new hit in the quarter with Nurse Jackie. We partnered with more than 100 outlets to offer online and mobile sampling of the first episode and it helped us deliver the highest ratings for a new series on Showtime.  Once again, more platforms represent more ways for us to get our content to new audiences. Of course, getting sufficiently paid for delivering these audiences has been the challenge. The good news is that new initiatives like authentication appear to have us on a track towards closer economic parity online and on air. The initiative represents the latest consumer friendly technology to make content along with its advertising available across multiple platforms and be measured in a uniform way for clients.  Whether you call it authentication, reverse comp, or retransmission fees, our content is increasingly benefiting from multiple revenue streams. With greatly expanded reach and scale, our CBS Interactive segment plays a key part in these initiatives.  Thanks in part to the addition of CNET, Interactive revenues have tripled over last year to $126 million in the second quarter. Plus with cost down significantly on a consolidated basis, we are producing dramatically improved OIBDA and the division is contributing to the companys free cash flow.  Nearly all of our key sites, including CNET, CBS.com, CBS Sports.com and BNET grew monthly unique users by double-digits year over year in June and we continue to find effective ways to cross promote our premium online content.  CBS Interactive is already a leader in news, sports, entertainment, business and technology and now will be adding the CBS Interactive Music Group as well. As youll recall, this new group combined CBS Radios leading online streaming business with Last FM. Taken together, we have an audience of nearly 40 million unique monthly users in this music vertical and a committed national and local sales force to monetize it.  We are increasingly seeing advertisers buying across our interactive properties as well as across TV and online. In this way, interactive has helped all of our content businesses broaden our client base by offering multi-platform solutions for our advertisers.  Turning to radio, as I mentioned, sales pacing has steadily been on the rise for a couple of months now and it continues to be a solid contributor to our companys results, $322 million in revenue and $95 million in OIBDA in the second quarter. Many businesses would love to product 30% margins in the toughest economic environment weve seen in decades, not to mention generating strong free cash flow quarter after quarter. Plus radio listenership is holding steady. The fact is CBS Radio has not lost audience over the past five years and as competitors in weaker financial shape fall off, we can only get stronger. Thats because in radio as with our other businesses, great content always wins out in the end. We see the proof of that every day. The format changes weve made in major markets like New York and Los Angeles are delivering higher ratings and revenue share. In fact, ratings for CBS Radio are up in all of the top five markets from a year ago.  We also continue to maintain a leading presence in the outdoor business. Outdoor contributed $434 million to our second quarter revenues and produced a 10% OIBDA margin. And just like in radio and TV, we are seeing signs of stabilization with pacing showing some improvement. We believe outdoor will perform well over the long-term, especially the investments we made in digital boards and emerging international markets.  Meanwhile, our publishing segment generated $181 million in revenues in the second quarter. We anticipate here also a stronger second half, given a number of upcoming releases including new titles by Stephen King and Vince Slim. Simon & Schuster also has a great opportunity to expand our content to new audiences by making our titles available on Kindle, iPhone, and BlackBerry, among other devices.  Across the company, our long-term goals remain the same -- creating premium content and delivering it to a broad audience, offering increasing value to our advertisers, running our businesses as efficiently as possible, maintaining our solid financial footing, and positioning CBS to be a long-term leader in the media industry.  The economy clearly has a long way to go but what we are seeing is that the worst is behind us, people are coming to mass media to get their message out. Campaigns for cash for clunkers and healthcare initiatives come to broadcast first to reach the American people and we are seeing a number of key categories coming back from all of our businesses, from automotive to pharmaceuticals to financial services. Looking forward, our balance sheet is strong. We continue to product healthy free cash flow and have just once again announced a quarterly dividend of $0.05 per share, among the highest in the industry.  Now I would like to turn the call over to my colleague, Fred Reynolds, and to our new CFO, Joe Ianello, but first allow me a word about Fred -- Fred and I have both worked together since we both came to CBS in 1995. He has been a steady hand as our Chief Financial Officer, a brilliant mind for our company and a terrific guide and colleague for me as well. He has been instrumental in the shaping of this great corporation and he will be missed by a lot of people, especially me, both professionally and personally.  At the same time, one of the attributes of a strong leader is the ability to prepare the next generation for success and that is precisely what Fred has done working with Joe over the course of the last 12 years theyve been together. I am confident that as we move forward, we couldnt possibly be in better hands in this crucial role. So with that, thanks again, Fred and welcome, Joe. Fred. 
Fredric G. Reynolds: Thank you, Leslie and especially thank you for those very kind words. Its been a lot of fun, as you know, and this has been great. Good afternoon to all of you and as Leslie mentioned, we are passing the CFO baton to Joe and I can't tell you how very pleased and proud I am that Joe will succeed me as CFO of CBS. As Leslie said, our last 12 years, its just been a real pleasure to work with Joe, especially the last four years and working shoulder to shoulder with him has just been terrific and I am very, very proud of his accomplishment.  So for this call, you are going to get two of us to talk about the highlights. One, Joe and myself will cover the second quarter highlights and expectations for the balance of 2009.  So for our second quarter financial results, I hope you have seen those, have shown marked improvement over the first quarter and we expect our financial performance to show improvement each quarter for the balance of 2009, with our second half results showing the most improvement.  For the second quarter, our revenues totaled $3 billion. That was down 11% from last year, which was a 3% improvement over the first quarters revenue performance. Foreign exchange, largely at outdoor, lowered our reported revenues by almost 1.5 percentage points versus year ago. Our operating income before depreciation and amortization totaled $387 million for the second quarter -- again, an improvement over our first quarter performance.  As you will note in todays earnings release, our OIBDA for the second quarter was negatively affected by a few items in comparison with the year-ago quarter. First, we recognized a $14 million write-down of third-party programming at our TV station unit to its expected net realizable value. And as part of the final switch from the analog to digital transmission, our TV stations wrote down $5 million related to exiting an analog TV transmitter lease.  Finally, the strong U.S. dollar versus year ago reduced our OIBDA by $6 million versus last years second quarter. These three items accounted for about three percentage points of the decline in OIBDA versus last year at this time.  As we noted last quarter, the impact of our cost reduction actions continue to be significant. Our second quarter non-programming operating expenses, along with sales and G&A expenses, were about $80 million lower than the second quarter of 2008. In the first quarter, these expenses were $75 million than the previous year. Our programming costs in absolute terms were higher in the second quarter of 2009 as last year due to the writers guild strike we produced fewer episodes and fewer pilots. However, on an ongoing basis, our programming costs are lower per episode than they were last year in the second quarter.  A few other items to note in todays release -- for the second quarter, we recognized a $30 million loss on the early extinguishment of our 2010 notes which we redeemed in May. And as previously discussed, in the second quarter our tax provision is unusually high due to the reduction of our deferred tax asset that is related to stock-based compensation expense, which resulted from the difference in our stock value at the time of the grant and our stock price at the [vest] state. These two items reduced our earnings per share by $0.06.  Also last year in the second quarter we recognized $127 million pretax gain, or a $0.12 earnings per share gain on the sale of our interest in the Sundance Channel. The gain was reflected in other items net.  Let me now provide highlights in our major segments for the second quarter, and then I will turn the call over to Joe who will discuss actions we took this quarter to refinance a significant portion of our 2010 debt maturities, also discuss our strong second quarter free cash flow, and our balance of year expectations and business outlook.  So turning to our television segments, we said second quarter revenues of $1.9 billion, which was down 10% from the second quarter last year -- now again, this was an improvement of 2 percentage points versus the first quarters performance. Local advertising softness at our TV stations drove a significant portion of the decline in second quarter revenues compared to year ago. The CBS network time period ad revenue was down 6%, with primetime down 4% versus the second quarter of 08. As Leslie just noted, our network ratings have been terrific. However, the scatter market pricing, while still higher than last years up-front, it was not nearly as robust as it was a year ago and as we just noted, the third quarter scatter market is quite a bit stronger than we experienced in the second quarter.  Affiliate revenues, which consist of subscriber and transmission fees from cable, satellite, and telco companies totaled about $330 million for the second quarter, up 10% over a year ago.  Turning to OIBDA for the television segment, it totaled $307 million, down from $512 million last year at this time. The previously mentioned program write-downs and analog equipment charge at our TV stations lowered OIBDA by $19 million compared to last years second quarter.  Turning to radio, second quarter revenues totaled $322 million, down 23% from last year, an improvement of 6 percentage points over the performance in the first quarter of 09. We continue to see improving sales trends in the third quarter versus the second quarter for radio.  Outdoor revenues for the second quarter were $434 million, a decline of 27% from last year. The strong U.S. dollar versus last years second quarter caused us 6 points of this revenue decline. And finally, Interactives revenue for the second quarter totaled $126 million, up from $40 million last year in the second quarter. As youll recall, we closed the CNET acquisition on the last day of the second quarter of 2008.  And operating profit for Interactive segment was almost $6 million versus a loss last year at the OIBDA line of $17 million a year ago.  So with that brief overview, let me now turn the call over to Joe to discuss additional financial and operating highlights. Joe. 
Joseph R. Ianniello: Thanks, Fred. I want to thank both you and Leslie for giving me this opportunity to build on all that weve done together at this point. This afternoon, I will focus my comments on our balance sheet, our free cash flow, and our outlook for the remainder of the year.  First, with regard to the balance sheet, we took some important steps during the quarter to refinance our near-term debt. We issued $1 billion of long-term maturities, $400 million due in five years with a coupon rate of 8.2% and $600 million due in 10 years with a coupon of 8.875%. We were able to take advantage of the easing credit markets and extend our weighted average debt maturities to approximately 16 years. We also tendered for our 7.7% notes due in July 2010.  We successfully retired $825 million of those notes, leaving only $415 million outstanding, a very manageable amount that we will pay down with cash flow from operations. You should also note that cash on hand as of June 30th amounted to $342 million. We remain focused and committed to maintaining our investment grade balance sheet. We will continue to [inaudible] some mid-sized radio stations and on the acquisition front, although we look at everything, the hurdle rate has been raised and I do not see any major acquisitions on the horizon.  You will also note that net debt decreased $246 million from the first quarter, continuing our deleveraging strategy. As of June 30th, there were no borrowings outstanding under our $3 billion credit facility and this facility doesnt mature until December 2010. However, we will be discussing an extension with our banks in the coming months.  Turning to free cash flow which, as Leslie said, came in at $352 million for the quarter, a significant improvement from the first quarter. This was driven by higher profits, lower capital spending, and lower cash taxes, as well as positive working capital. We continue to manage our balance sheet effectively, focusing on our collection efforts from our receivables. So for the first six months of 2009, free cash flow totaled $556 million, representing an 87% conversion rate from operating income before depreciation and amortization. Included in the 556 is $43 million of payments related to previous restructuring charges.  Now lets look at the remainder of the year. As you know, we have reaffirmed our full year OIBDA guidance ranging from $1.725 billion to $1.925 billion. We continue to be encouraged by the factors that Leslie outlined earlier. First, by the visibility of the sales trends we are seeing in the third quarter at our local businesses. Second, by the commitments we have received during this up-front season. Third, by the cost savings we received from the initiatives that began last year. And finally, by the strong slate of syndication programs that will begin the back half of this year.  All of these factors give us confidence that the back half of 2009 will be notably better than the first half.  I also want to highlight some information that was included in our 10-Q that we filed today. For full year 2009, we expect to pay approximately $100 million to $125 million in cash taxes, of which $72 million have been paid through June. And capital expenditures for the year will be in the range of $275 million to $325 million, of which $139 million has been spent through June. At this level of CapEx, there is still investment capital being deployed.  The consensus by U.S. economists is that GDP will be positive for the third quarter, the fourth quarter, and 2010 compared to negative growth weve experienced for the last few quarters, which bodes well for us because as you know, approximately 85% of our revenues are derived from the United States and there is a high correlation between GDP growth and advertising spending.  So let me wrap up by saying as the U.S. economy improves, CBS is well-positioned to deliver stronger operating results, improved margin, and even stronger free cash flow. Thanks, now lets open the phone lines for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will go first to Jessica Reif-Cohen with Banc of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Banc of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. I have a couple of questions -- first, I was wondering if you could address what you think the [inaudible] mix will look like over the next few years? I know Joe just said that you dont see acquisitions in the near-term but theres been constant speculation that you may divest or separate some of the businesses, so I was just wondering if you could talk about that.  Second -- do you want the questions now or one at a time? 
Leslie Moonves: You can give the questions now. 
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Banc of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Second, I was wondering if you could discuss what you think the upside is in late night, given the change in ratings between the competitors? So this is really kind of an 09 2010 season question.  And then finally, given the weakness in TV station advertising we have seen over the last year or so, can you talk about what you are seeing in first run -- in license fees from first run TV syndication and what kind of margins do you see in that business?
Leslie Moonves: All right. Let me start out -- in terms of the asset mix, the only thing we have stated definitively is we are looking to trim some radio stations, which we expressed before. The good news is we do not have to do it. We dont need the cash but we are out there looking and when the right deals become available, we will do that.  Once again, as we stated before, we are a content business. We are not looking to go out and make any acquisition of any sizable amount yet. If theres some tuck-ins that work with our Internet group that are profitable, as our group is, we will do that.  As you know, weve recently begun a new feature film business so once again, another content business and thats where we are directing our efforts right now. But other than that, there are no major plans. I dont think now is the right time to buy or to sell, so we are playing the hand we are dealing.  In terms of late night, clearly as I said, Letterman is doing really, really well. We were losing for 10 years in a row and suddenly, we are winning four weeks in a row plus the gap in 18 to 49 has decreased by about 80% over that period of time. As well as the 12:30 time slot, that also has changed. That game has changed considerably.  How that will affect revenue is hard to say. Clearly we expect to take in more money in that time period. Less of late night is sold on the up-front. Its more scatter oriented so these good results should result for better results for us in the fourth and first quarter right away. We expect to see it fairly quickly and we think its great to have been given an opportunity to get back in first place, and we are doing it. Fred. 
Fredric G. Reynolds: Jessica, you kind of know what NBC did at the Tonight Show kind of range and thats up for grabs, as Leslie just said. And so instead of being a distant second, its not trivial, the amount of revenue there and largely its high margin revenue. 
Leslie Moonves: Right, and in terms of -- just briefly on the first-run business, you know obviously with a couple of bankruptcies there have been a couple of changing of the deals with Tribune -- nothing that is major or that would affect our bottom line at all. Across the board, were not seeing much change. Remember, most of these deals are long-term. Wheel, Jeopardy, Oprah, -- theyre at the end of the contract, you know, Dr. Phil, end of the contract so nothing is going to change because of the economy or whats happening. Obviously in the case of the bankruptcy, there is some slight adjustment but theyve been relatively minimal and we think as the economy begins to come back, we are going to be just fine. 
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Banc of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question will be from Benjamin Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: If I could ask two -- one on the free cash flow side. I think in the first half of the year you converted about a little less than 90% of your EBITDA to free cash flow. And in the back half, youve got a nice EBITDA ramp but I think youve got the Super Bowl payment and maybe syndication revenues, which have some negative working cap implications. Im just trying to get a sense for what the free cash flow might look like in the back half since you converted so much over in the first half.  And then just on the network pacings, which sound like theyve gotten better in the third quarter, Les, do you think things are strong enough that the network primetime could be up in a positive in 3Q, given your ratings strength? Or is it too early to tell?
Joseph R. Ianniello: Ill take the free cash flow -- obviously we dont give free cash flow guidance for the full year. Obviously an 87% flow-through is very high. Clearly when we recognized the revenue for the strong syndication, the revenue gets recognized in the quarter and then the cash flow will come in in the following months. So weve given you kind of cash taxes, you kind of -- our debt is fixed so you know the interest. Weve given you our capital expenditures and weve given you kind of OIBDA guidance range so the only piece is really working capital and again, I think if you just look historically how we manage the balance sheet, you can see how effective [we are]. 
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thats helpful. Thank you. 
Leslie Moonves: Regarding network third quarter, you know, the scatter has been truly phenomenal. Weve been so pleasantly surprised. I literally got a call from our finance guy, can we make some more room because we have too much inventory. I swear, and on some of the reality shows, we actually can make that happen. You know, you can sort of trim a little bit out and stick an ad or two in. So literally when I said we did 30% better, thats about $30 million in scatter more third quarter this year than third quarter last year. So its a sizable amount of money and we are very bullish on our schedule. As you know, we only put on four new shows, one of which is a spin-off on a hugely successful show, so not high risk. Theres very little risk in our schedule. The schedule kicks off September 21st, which obviously is the end of the third quarter but we think the third quarter could turn out positive, yes. 
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Our next question will be from Michael Morris with UBS.
Michael Morris - UBS: Thank you. A couple on the cost side and the sustainability of where you got to -- first on radio, it looks like youve taken over $50 million in costs out already this year, adjusting for the write-downs or the restructuring last year. I guess my question is I thought you were targeting about 75 for the year. You are clearly well ahead of that pace. How should we be thinking about the cost side in the back half of the year for radio?  And then second, Joe, you mentioned visibility as being one of the things that you were more confident in at this point as you look to the back half of the year. Can you put some more color around that, perhaps in terms of how far into the future you are seeing bookings and what the change is then from the second quarter into the third quarter? Thanks. 
Fredric G. Reynolds: Ill take the first one on radio and then flip it to Joe on the visibility. Radio, were kind of averaging about $10 million a month and thats been the run-rate and actually both at radio and TV, so I think well be well north of the 75. Thats our expectation. So on an annualized basis, probably going to be in the $100 million range in TV stations and about the same as far as we can see and again, costs remain very, very [tight]. 
Joseph R. Ianniello: On the visibility front, again as Les said actually, we are seeing at this point in the third quarter relative to the second quarter our local businesses in TV, radio, and outdoor, are four to eight pace points ahead of where they were and the second quarter was similar gain on the first quarter. So we are just really kind of just projecting that out. If that trend continues, where will it end up and again, its going to be noticeably better than this quarter. 
Michael Morris - UBS: Thanks and just back on that first question on the cost reductions, in an environment where you perhaps do get more volume coming through, can you sustain that level of cost or is there some variable element that we should be looking at bringing back in if the top line were to grow?
Fredric G. Reynolds: I think the only variable really is commission, so thats why our flow through on an incremental sales dollar is about $0.85 on the dollar of profit, so that would obviously vary. Well pay more commission as the incremental sales dollars go up but we like the ratio. 
Michael Morris - UBS: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question will be from Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Thanks. Just a couple -- Les, sort of a weird question, but your ad sales down 6% at CBS, you had great ratings this summer, ABCs ratings were pretty challenged. Their ad sales were down 5%. Are you able to sort of square those numbers? Of course all of us are using ratings in our forward estimates to try to figure out what you can do and Im just wondering why those numbers arent a little bit more different.  And then separately, Joe talked about the strong TV syndication sales coming in the second half. Can you talk a little bit about whats coming in 2010 so we can eyeball the year-over-year comparisons? Theres been some discussion of another CSI cycle -- is that something that could happen? Thanks. 
Leslie Moonves: The 6% down sales versus the 5% at ABC, I wasnt aware of the ABC number, its really -- you know what, it is not a ratings situation; its because of the economy and the cost of sales and as I said, the good news for us is we have zero make goods. We had during the year no make goods and we have none now, so a lot of times networks may enter into a fall season where they have to give back some. We are anticipating -- and also as we head to the third quarter, I think you can see those results considerably better because of how strong the scatter market is, which wasnt quite as strong in the second quarter. So we are quite pleased -- yeah, ratings were strong and as a result, the up-fronts are going to end up being very, very strong for us and so is the fall season. 
Joseph R. Ianniello: On the TV syndication front, Doug, obviously we are not going to have five shows that we have this year going into 2010 again. Obviously 2010 is a political year, we have the Super Bowl, but we do have Showtime, Showtime original series that will be available going forward from 2011 on. So the good news is if you produce great content, it makes its way into syndication and the cash flows follow. 
Leslie Moonves: Plus Doug, may I add, you can also see some second cycles of some very big titles that will amount to a considerable amount of money. 
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: When do we go from sort of may to knowing whether or not they are coming?
Leslie Moonves: We are in the process of negotiating some of those deals right now. Some of them may be announced by the end of the next quarter but theres some big titles that are out there and as you know, with second cycles, they could happen at any point. In other words, theres renegotiation that goes on and when you have the amount of syndicated product that we do with the three CSIs and the numbers and the mediums and Criminal Minds and all those shows, theres a lot of activity in the continues. The pipeline continues to be [fat], so were not terribly worried. This year happens to be a very fruitful year because of five new titles going in there but the beat will continue on. 
Fredric G. Reynolds: To give you some comfort, some of those big titles Leslie talked about kind of expire at the end of 11 or in 11 and in early 12, so it wouldnt be unusual to renew them in 10 or with someone else, so its -- it could be very lucrative for us to do that. 
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: All right, thats helpful. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question will be from Michael Mills with J.P. Morgan.
Michael Mills - J.P. Morgan : Thank you. Les, back to your comment about the up-front -- I understand what you are saying about what you seeing in the scatter market right now. What percent of inventory have you actually sold or do you expect to sell?
Leslie Moonves: We expect to sell probably around 10 points less than a year ago and last year between 75 and 80, so Im guessing 65-ish, maybe a little higher than that which, once again with our schedule, thats just fine. Thats just fine. Well wait. We anticipate scatter to be stronger than the up-front, fairly certain of that and fairly certain of good ratings, so we are very confident. 
Michael Mills - J.P. Morgan : Okay. One follow-up question -- I dont know if this is Fred or someone else, can you give us a rough sense of the tax basis of the outdoor group, please?
Joseph R. Ianniello: We dont give that information out. Obviously that would be pretty useful information for people to try to sole our tax situation, so we dont -- obviously we bought the outdoor business, if you track back to the outdoor systems, at a pretty high multiple, so thats all well say about that. 
Michael Mills - J.P. Morgan : Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question will be from Michael Nathanson with Sanford Bernstein.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein: I have a couple -- let me start with Les. You know, Les, I just have a question -- whats puzzling is if third quarter scatter is really so strong, why wouldnt the up-front volumes for the industry be stronger at this point? You would think people would want to lock in the market given how strong it sounds right now. 
Leslie Moonves: Michael, its a very good question. But the truth of the matter is people arent buying -- you know, the up-front goes out for about 15 months, when you think about it. People arent buying that far in advance. Their budgets are more -- what we are seeing in scatter and we are seeing overall in the market, people are buying a lot closer to air time.  Youre right -- the fact that we are up 30% scatter from a year ago is a pretty phenomenal number and thats why were holding back inventory. We are aware that the budgets are less from these big companies, that they are holding back, that they are not -- they want to see what happens with the economy. In addition, my guess is six months from now the automobile companies will have a lot more money than they have allotted to spend today. So thats why youre not seeing that. 
Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein: I was going to ask you -- of the volume thats down, lets say for you guys, 10 points lower, how much of that is coming from big auto? Is that a big percentage of whats -- 
Leslie Moonves: I can't give you an exact percent because I dont have it right now but it is some, clearly. By the way, there was a real shot in the arm with the cash for clunkers. It was a real shot in the arm for national as well as local. It really helped. And so you see an initiative like that helping, it gives you great encouragement that when they see some light at the end of the tunnel, which they are beginning to do, the money is going to start coming in. Its just they are not able to plan a year in advance. 
Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein: Okay, and let me ask one for Fred -- in the past, I know youve not answered this with a number so I am going to try a different way -- so basically over the past couple of days or weeks, weve heard both Disney and News Corp. say their stations are pacing down in the mid 20s, or were down in the mid 20s in the second quarter. Would CBS be above or below that trend for the second quarter?
Fredric G. Reynolds: For the second quarter, I will answer that question -- wed be right where our competitors are, yes. 
Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein: Okay, and the last one would be -- thanks -- the last one would be when does political compare start coming in on the local level for radio and TV? At what point last year did it start building for you guys?
Fredric G. Reynolds: I was going to tell you that, Michael, because in September and October of last year, we probably booked over $80 million -- this is gross, so net would be less than that but gross sales for political at the TV station level in the four to eight in November was probably another 10 or 15 [inaudible], so it was probably about $80 million-ish net sales that came in last year.  Now we do have a gubernatorial race in New Jersey, as you know, and we have a very wealthy mayor in New York that wants to win, so thats going to help us a little bit. And we are also seeing some of the healthcare initiatives that Leslie referred to. Theres big money being spent to influence congress and we think thats going to heat up as they are back in their home states and as you know, were in the big market.  So we have -- the TV stations have a mountain to climb over the next 10 weeks starting after Labor Day and then well be through it. 
Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Our next question will be from Anthony DiClemente with Barclays Capital.
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital: Thanks. I have two questions -- just on the automotive, trying to get into a little more detail there -- Les, you talked about cash for clunkers. I was wondering if you could differentiate between how much of that you think is temporary because of the cash for clunkers or is recurring or ongoing improvement in activity for automotive and differentiating both at the OEM level and then at the local station, and then I have a follow-up. 
Leslie Moonves: Thats a tough question to answer. Obviously when the program was announced, and its fairly recent, there was a shot in the arm and when it got renewed I think two days ago, it continues along. I think Ford is starting to grow more than the others because they seem to be healthier right now. Its hard to quantify.  Fred, do you want to add to that?
Fredric G. Reynolds: Let me just jump in, Anthony -- one, the first quarter was absolutely rock bottom for auto because you had two majors going into bankruptcy that didnt spend. Second quarter was a lot better and the third quarter is a lot better than that. We have good visibility through certainly early September and again, dont forget our major advertisers are the foreign manufacturers -- Toyota, BMW, Mercedes -- just recall where our local TV stations are in L.A. and -- 
Leslie Moonves: We have big markets. 
Fredric G. Reynolds: And so they are -- they dont have a problem and they are starting to spend. I think the cash for clunkers got people off the couch and into looking in the market but believe me, you saw there was only 200,000 cars that could possibly have sold for it but they are selling a lot more than that.  So we think its sustainable. Our guys were -- obviously Leslie, Joe and I get constant updates almost daily from our local sales guys. They are seeing more and more requests for Aveos because now we are running into the new fall launches for the 2010s. So a lot of new models, lots of new models that havent been out there before. 
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital: Thanks. Im just also wondering if the resurgence at the network means that we are back to Tavern on the Green for next years up-front party. 
Leslie Moonves: I dont know. Well see by January but if not, Ill invite you for a cocktail myself. 
Operator: Our next question will be from Mark Wienkes with Goldman Sachs.
Mark Wienkes - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Just with respect to Showtime, clearly a lot of momentum from a content perspective. How much of the 10% -- I guess you call it affiliate retrans fee increase was driven by Showtime sub-growth versus retrans? Because today there was a pay TV provider talking about softness in premium channel take rates. Just wondering if youve seen any of that softness at Showtime.  And then if you can just give us an update on where the progress is on the film production business. 
Leslie Moonves: Okay, number one, the word retrans does not apply to Showtime. It applies to CBS. In other words, Showtimes growth is in affiliate feeds. We are growing in a lot of our MSOs and once again, there is a real strength for the service caused by original programming. 
Mark Wienkes - Goldman Sachs: Right, understood. I just thought that 10% was lumped in together, was the net combination of subscription type payments. 
Fredric G. Reynolds: It is but it relates to TV stations. 
Leslie Moonves: Right. 
Fredric G. Reynolds: I think what you will see, Mark, is that we are getting two things at Showtime and College Sports. College Sports, as you know, is at 32 million homes now, quite a bit different than it was a year ago. It was at about 25 million homes. And so we are getting geographic expansion, subscriber expansion, we are also getting rate increases. Showtime is getting rate increases and it is also getting expansions. The telcos are very important to Showtime and it is a big driver of our expansion of the subscriber base. And College Sports is getting more subscribers and more fees, so thats why we have the double-digit growth and that should be pretty sustainable. 
Leslie Moonves: Regarding film production, were in the process of shooting our third movie right now. Two of them are complete. A romantic comedy with J-Lo will be released January 22nd will be our first. Our second starring Harrison Ford will be in March or April and then the third one, which is Beastly, which is our teen movie, which will be out during the summer. All of these movies, all three of them are in below $40 million. As a matter of fact, one of them is below $25 million, so we are keeping to our game plan. We are very pleased with what weve seen so far and we are anticipating a very good year for our film company. 
Mark Wienkes - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question will be from Rich Greenfield with Pali Capital.   
Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital : Thanks for taking the question. When you look at the syndication marketplace, I think Fred, you mentioned that there was a write-down, which I sense is at the TV stations related to syndicated programming that the TV stations had bought that they are now writing down the realizable value, or given whats going on in the syndication ratings world and Im just wondering, given that write-down, how does it impact -- I know a lot of your syndication goes to cable but you obviously do syndicate to TV stations like Ion, et cetera, and just how do you think about the long-term marketplace for syndication, given whats gone on with the syndicated ratings and the rational for why you are writing down the value of that content.  And then a second follow-up question, DIRECTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, really all of the cable or multi-channel operators have talked about weakness in premium subscriptions, or pay TV subscriptions. And Im just curious, Showtime has obviously had great ratings but just wondering, it seems like the consumer is starting to really start to give up on some of their pay TV subscriptions. Im wondering how that plays out into Showtime profitability or do you have guaranteed numbers over the next couple of years that mitigate that risk? Thanks. 
Fredric G. Reynolds: On the first one, let me answer it -- really [inaudible] TV stations was that some of our CW and independent station, it was third party programming, nothing related to anything that is part of our Paramount TV or CBS Productions. And these were shows that were in sort of the back-end of their life cycle. They expire kind of in 2010, 2011 and they just werent producing. They moved from their original time slot because we had pressure programs in there, and so they moved from a different day part probably to overnight, other area, so thats whats happened. So I dont think that its all atypical of what you do when a program gets in the last part of its syndication. These were not ours and they were also on our smaller market independent stations for the most part. 
Leslie Moonves: Rich, to add to that also, our bigger titles are sold to the major cable channels, okay? So when I mentioned an Ion, thats the secondary market. Thats after selling like NCIS, like I mentioned, the big sale was to USA. The Ion sale was an after sale for I would say 10% to 15% of that, so its a much lesser and once again, of these five new deals that we just were announcing, they were all the major cable guys. You know, the USAs, the A&Es, the TNTs, et cetera. So that remains a very strong marketplace for us and it will continue.  In terms of Showtime, number one we are protected by the packages and by the deals, by and large. We are not at all -- as a matter of fact, we are seeing in certain ones of the -- as Fred mentioned earlier, the telcos, every new subscriber a telco gets, Showtime goes up. So we are rooting for their success. Its great to have this many players in the marketplace and most of our deals are packaged accordingly that we are protected, so we do not anticipate the weakness in premium to affect us. 
Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital : And then if I could just follow-up on the syndication line item, when you look at your year-to-date syndication, kind of how you think about the full year, what percentage of syndication revenues come from local TV stations versus from cable networks?
Leslie Moonves: Local TV is rather small. Its a rather -- its a small percentage. Guys, do you have the exact numbers? But the majority is -- the majority, the vast majority is cable. 
Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital : Meaning over 75%?
Leslie Moonves: I would say so, yes. 
Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital : Thanks. 
Adam Townsend: Kevin, we have time for one more question, please. 
Operator: And well take our last question from Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo: I have two quick questions first -- Les, you said on your last call that the first quarter would be the bottom for CBS and that trends would improve throughout the year. It sounds from todays call like trends are actually better than you expected, so is this the right take on your comments? And then secondly, [inaudible] has commented publicly about their interest in your outdoor assets. Have you had discussions with them and how do you think about your outdoor assets in terms of your overall strategy, which is really focused on content?
Leslie Moonves: The first question, yes, indeed. We really did have the visibility and we said then second would be better than the first and the third would be better than the second, et cetera. And that is coming into play.  Am I pleasantly surprised by the second quarter? I would say yes, mildly. You know, to see the pacing getting better in all these businesses is great. To see where we are going to be as a company, it is definitely heading in the right direction and we are definitely seeing light at the end of the tunnel.  Mr. [Deceaux], as you know, is a very charming Frenchman. We see him a couple of times a year. We have lots of discussions about our business. You know, I know he would like to buy us. He said that. He said that -- if you notice, he said that every couple of years he says that but we like our outdoor business and we have no intention of doing anything with it right now but we always enjoy having dinner with Mr. Deceaux. 
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo: Thank you. 
Adam Townsend: Thanks, Marci. Okay, this concludes todays call. Thank you, everyone for joining us today. 
Operator: And we do appreciate everyones participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-08 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Adam Townsend - EVP of IR Sumner Redstone - Executive Chairman Leslie Moonves - President and CEO Fred Reynolds - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein Michael Meltz - JPMorgan Michael Morris - UBS Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital Marci Ryvicker - Wachovia wells Fargo Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Jason Bazinet - Citi Edward Atorino - Benchmark  
Operator: Welcome to the CBS Corporation first quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President of Investor Relations Mr. Adam Townsend.
Adam Townsend:  Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2009 earnings call. Joining me for today's discussion are Sumner Redstone, our Executive Chairman, Leslie Moonves, President and CEO; and Fred Reynolds, Executive Vice President and CFO. Sumner will have openings remarks and we'll then turn the call over to Les and Fred who will discuss the strategic and financial results. We will then open the call up to questions. Let me note that statements on this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's news releases and securities filings. A webcast of this call, the earnings release, and any other information related to today's presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website at cbscorporation.com. Now, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Sumner.
Sumner Redstone: Good afternoon, everyone. I thank you for being with us today. As you know, the economic downturn that began last year clearly continues. It has dramatically affected virtually every industry and company operated not only here, but around the world. And CBS, of course, has not been immune, but what also come through is CBS's underlying strength, and its viability. Leslie and his management team remain focused on the things that matter most. Creating, producing, distributing world-class content, evolving that content for emerging platforms. The ratings on this content far exceed the ratings on the content of every other media company, which signifies that when the economy turns, and now there are clear signs that it is starting to turn now. CBS will take advantage of its strength, and lead the other media companies in this recovery. Meanwhile, CBS continues to manage expenses, its capital expenditures and it maintains a strong balance sheet. Is this focus, even during these challenging times that continue to position CBS for long-term success? I have no doubt that a recovery is coming in the not too distant future. When it does, CBS will be among the first who deliver significantly better results. So with that, I will turn this call over to CBS's president and CEO, who remains my friend, my colleague, Les, it is yours.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you, very much, Sumner and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us to discuss our results for the first quarter of 2009. It should come as no surprise that our results reflect the economic downturn that has affected so many companies in the first quarter. Not only has the advertising market place been particularly challenged recently, but this time last year, it was still relatively robust. In addition, as you saw on our release, year-over-year comparables were affected by a number of special items that benefited results in the first quarter of '08 and were not repeated this year. These special items included the substantial initial benefit we had in the first quarter of '08 when we made the shift to international self-distribution, for our lucrative CSI franchise. Also, there was significantly lower production costs as a result of last year's writers' strike, and finally, record political advertising revenues in last year's first quarter, during the height of the presidential primaries. There is no question that our local businesses, including television, radio and outdoor were hit by the recession. And they have borne the brunt of this economic downturn. Fortunately, we feel that it is starting to turn, and despite the operating environment we face in the first quarter, we have some examples that speak to the resilience of our businesses. For one, we continue to generate growth in our non-advertising supported businesses as well as profitability on an OIBDA basis in every one of our operating segments. We also continue to produce healthy free cash flow. And going forward, we have confidence that the second half of '09 will be much stronger than the first half and here is why. First, we have the strong slate of syndication titles to be released later this year. These titles have already been sold at attractive prices to leading cable outlets, including Criminal Minds to A&E, Medium to Lifetime, Ghost Whisperer to sci-fi, Everybody Hates Chris to Nick at Night, and a similar deal for [Numbers] will soon be announced. Secondly, we implemented significant cost reduction in the second half of '08, which will benefit us in '09, particularly in the fourth quarter. We also have much lower capital expenditure planned for this year which will help cash flow. Finally, and perhaps most importantly, we are seeing early signs of improvement in the advertising marketplace, both locally and nationally. You have heard these themes from other major media companies, and we are seeing it as well. In each of the last several weeks, we have seen sales pacing improve. It is premature to call it a full recovery, but the trends are encouraging, particularly as we look to the back half of the year. For these reasons, we are now offering full year guidance. We are projecting '09 OIBDA to finish in the range of $1.725 billion to $1.925 billion. It is important for you to understand that our run-rate is better than indicated by our first quarter results. We believe the balance of '09 will perform better than these results, particularly the third and fourth quarter, which is when you will truly see our results improve. Throughout the year and beyond the one thing that is constant in any environment, is our unrelenting focus on creating winning content. No part of the company is more important or more promising in this regard than the CBS Television Network, which is having its best season in years. CBS is the only network that is up in audience over last year and we are, in fact, up in all key demos, something no other network can say. We're the number one network just as we've been for six of the last seven seasons and by a wide margin. More than 2 million viewers tune into CBS than our closest competitor. This kind of performance positioned us very well going into the upfront. Because of the success of our program, we see a tremendous opportunity. CBS's ratings are up 9% and 7%, in the key saleable demos and ad dollars will follow that growth along with CPM increases. In addition, we think we can increase the shift of dollars, to CBS because of NBC's decision to exit scripted programming at 10 o'clock. Even if total volume is down at the upfront, we're confident that we will take share and maintain or increase our revenue, in what remains a vital and lucrative marketplace. We continue to believe that network television is still the best game in town, particularly for big brands coming out of a down cycle. Our ongoing success at the network level also continues to drive growth, through other fast growing revenue streams. Non-advertising supported areas like retransmission fees, domestic and international syndication and home entertainment all continue to benefit from past and current broadcast hits and will continue to play a big part of our future. We have added disclosure in our release this quarter, which breaks out television segments revenues by type. This helps illustrate the progress we're making in building out our non-advertising supported business in this segment. Television licensees were helped by the strong demand for our content overseas. Putting aside last year's benefit, from the shift to self-distribution of CSI, international syndication fees grew by more than 20% for the quarter. Home entertainment revenues were up 69% in the quarter. As we continue to see more strength in the television DVD marketplace than others are seeing in feature films. And the Showtime success story continues as well. More than 17 million subscribers now receive Showtime's movies, sports and critically acclaimed original programming, up more than 1 million subscribers from a year ago. Driven by franchises like Weeds, Dexter, Californication and The Tudors, Showtime has grown households in the each of the last 10 quarters going back to 2006. In addition, CBS College Sports has increased its subscriber base from 23 million to 30 million in the last year. Together, Showtime and College Sports drove affiliate revenues up nearly 9% for the quarter. Turning to Interactive, we continue to leverage the success of our television content by creating complementary and additive experiences online. And as we tap into the scale and premium content of the former CNET networks, we're outperforming most of our online peers in terms of traffic, revenue, and OIBDA. Total monthly unique visitors to CBS Interactive sites are up 20% since we acquired CNET last year, recently eclipsing the 200 million mark for the first time according to comScore. We are now not only a top 10 worldwide internet property in terms of users, but for the first time we've become a top 10 property in terms of video viewers as well, entering that list at number five in March, also according to comScore. This is largely due to the episodes and clips we have recently added to TV.com, which along with CBS.com, is significantly growing traffic and video views every month. Interactive reported revenues of $134 million for the quarter, more than double a year-ago, thanks to the addition of CNET, and by realizing continued integration cost savings, we were able to turn that revenue into strong OIBDA growth as well. We continue to look for ways to offer users and advertisers an unparallel collection of premium online content. We have structured CBS Interactive around a number of content verticals including technology, business, news, sports, and entertainment; and earlier this week, we announced the creation of a new content vertical when we launched the CBS Interactive Music Group. This new business unit combines the digital assets of CBS Radio and Last.fm to form a powerful online music service that will reach nearly 40 million unique users a month worldwide. CBS radio is already the most listen to online radio service, and powers AOL Radio and Yahoo's Launchcast Radio. Now combined with Last.fm, our new music vertical will have an unmatched national and local sales force and will benefit from working closely with other CBS Interactive brands that have similar demographics. Turning to our local businesses, yes, the challenges continue, but in the phase of this very tough climate, we have taken a variety of actions to rethink the way we operate these businesses, and set ourselves up for the future. We have cut costs at all of our TV and radio stations resulting in approximately $80 million of ongoing cost saving at each group.  We have also taken the opportunity to restructure our programming and talent costs across the board. These cost savings are not only happening local, we have learned lessons on how to do things differently at the network level, too. We are reevaluating every single contract, and we're also buying shows in a more cost effective way. For example, we purchased Flashpoint at more than a million dollars in episode less than the show it replaced on Friday night, and it is in fact getting better ratings. As with our TV and radio operations we have taken actions at our Outdoor division as well. Outdoor is a slightly different story, however. It was doing very well right up until October of last year when it felt the impact of the recession. And the dramatic strengthening of the US dollar relative to last year was an uncontrollable factor that had a considerable impact as well. We're cutting costs where we can. A major restructuring is underway in Europe, for example, and moving forward with our key strategic initiatives, including making measured progress on our digital build-out and continuing our overseas expansion. Looking forward, we remain confident that our long-term strategy of producing the best content out there, delivering it on the most important distribution platforms and diversifying our revenue streams in the process is the right one. Yes, these are very difficult economic times, but as they are often saying in [DC] these days, never let a good crisis go to waste. So, we're doing things differently in every one of our businesses, managing our operations for the current environment and for the future. And as I stated earlier, indications are, we have seen the bottom of this downturn. Signs of a reversal have begun and we're looking forward to the back half of the year. Now, I will turn the call over to Fred Reynolds our CFO for some additional insights on our financials.
Fred Reynolds:  Thank you, Leslie and good afternoon to all of you. I would like to discuss with you our first quarter results, highlighting several significant non-recurring transactions, which Leslie just referred to, which make it difficult to compare the first quarter of 2009 to last year, and also make it difficult to use our first quarter results, as a good indicator of our expected 2009 full year performance. We will also provide our insights as to how we believe the second half of 2009 will perform given a high degree of certainty on several key positive drivers, such as syndication revenues and cost reductions. Along with what appears today to be an emerging improving trend with our local ad sales businesses. Finally, I would like to wrap up with a discussion of our free cash flow, our 2010 to 2012 debt maturities and our strategy, regardless of the vagaries of the credit markets to refinance and/or retire our near-term maturing debt. So let's turn to the first quarter. Our results reflect, both the overall challenging economic conditions all US companies are facing, and importantly for us several significant previous events and transactions which drove our record setting year earlier first quarter performance, which were not repeated in the first quarter of 2009. Revenues for the first quarter totaled $3.2 billion, down 14% from last year. Now, taking into account several non-recurring items, including last year we recognized the benefit of the switch to self-distribution internationally for all three of the CSI franchises, record setting first quarter political spending driven by the presidential primaries, which was doubled any previous first quarter political spending, and a far weaker US dollar at this time last year, which translate into higher revenues in the first quarter of 2008, for our international businesses. And also giving affect to the CNET acquisition, which increased 2009's revenues. The net effect of all these items was over six points of the decline in revenues versus last year. Operating income before depreciation and amortization of $250 million was down from $642 million in last year's first quarter. Again, taking into account several non-recurring items, the net effect, which benefited the first quarter last year, the largest being the self-distribution of CSI, and significantly lower programming and production costs due to the writer's guild strike in last year's first quarter. Also we have recoveries of old outstanding claims, the foreign exchange, and the gain on the sale of our building in the first quarter of last year, partially offset by last year's first quarter restructuring charges. All these items accounted for 22% of the drop in OIBDA in the first quarter this year versus last year. As we mentioned at the outset of today's call, our cost reduction initiatives were implemented throughout 2008. We have significantly reduced our ongoing cost. Total company expenses for the first quarter were reduced by approximately $75 million versus the first quarter of 2008, as a result of these cost reduction actions. As we noted in today's earnings release, we do not believe given the above factors which unfavorably affected the comparison of this year's first quarter performance with last year's first quarter. You couple that with a strong second half 2009 slate of programs available for syndication and as you know, our slated new syndicated programs have been sold to the cable networks as Leslie just mentioned and that might add a very favorable values to us. These revenues and profits will be recognized in the third quarter of this year. Also we fully expect the lower operating costs due to the cost actions we took in 2008, a significant portion of these actions were taken in the fourth quarter, and really towards the end of the fourth quarter 2008, will substantially benefit the back half of 2009, particularly in comparison to fourth quarter of '09 to '08.  All of which explains why we do not believe the results of our first quarter this year are good indicator for the full year performance. The guidance we have given for 2009 for our operating income before depreciation and amortization, and it also includes the stock-based compensation will range from $1.725 billion to $1.925 billion versus last year's OIBDA of $2.544 billion. So, let me now briefly discuss our major segments starting with our largest segment Television. Television revenues of $2.2 billion were down 12% from the first quarter last year. Largely due to lower license fees, associated with last year's switch to self-distributing CSI internationally. We also had lower TV ad sales due to the absence of record political, which we just mentioned. Also lower ad revenue of the CBS Network which was down 8.6%. The network's first quarter ad revenues in 2009 were hurt by softer scatter market than what we experienced last year at this time, also, we preempted over 4.5 hours of additional programming for coverage of primetime, presidential speeches and extensive coverage of the inauguration. The Television segments' affiliate fees, home entertainment revenues and other non-advertising revenues for the first quarter totaled $460 million, up 15% over last year, led by strong DVD sales and subscriber fee growth at Showtime and College Sports. Turning to Radio, revenues for the first quarter totaled $260 million, down 29% from last year at this time. About 4% of the drop in revenues was due to recognizing revenues associated with our old Westwood One contract and the impact of selling the Denver stations which we announced earlier this year. The balance of the decline was due to the soft advertising revenues. Outdoor reported revenues of $380 million, which was down as reported 24%, due to the economic slowdown, both in the United States and in Europe. Along with a strong US dollar, with the foreign exchange impact of 9 points of that 24% drop, was due to foreign exchange. Turning to Interactive, our revenues of first quarter totaled $134 million, up from $53 million last year, due to our acquisition of CNET at the end of June of '08. On a comparable basis, assuming CNET was owned at the start of 2008, revenues would have declined by 5% versus year-ago in the first quarter. Now, before we discuss our free cash flow, you will note that our provision for income taxes in the earnings release for the first quarter of almost $9 million is high, due primarily to two discrete tax items, the reduction of a deferred tax assets associated with stocks-based compensation expense, which resulted from a difference in stock value at the [grand day] and the market value of our stock at the vesting day. Also, certain international tax NOLs were reversed due to their non-utilization. These two items added about $0.05 to our earnings per share loss of $0.08 in the first quarter. And our 10-Q today which is being filed as we speak, we provide full year guidance for our tax rates which largely due to these two discrete items, plus higher state taxes and a shift of our income of international back to the US will result in a full year tax provision of about 45%. Now let's turn to a free cash flow and our strategy to repay or refinance our 2010 to 2012 debt maturities. In the first quarter, free cash flow totaled $204 million, which included a combined $40 million for severance payments, associated with the headcount reductions we initiated in the fourth quarter of 2008, and the favorable settlement of prior year tax audit. Our free cash flow compared to a record free cash flow last year in the first quarter, as we discussed that late last year the WGA strike was a strong driver of our high level of free cash flow last year, as few programs and no pilots were produced during last year's first quarter. During this year's first quarter, we were in full production for all our returning programs, along with a number of pilots for the upcoming fall season. For 2009's first quarter, we used $21 million of cash for operating activities versus in the first quarter of '08 operations provided $1 billion of cash. The most significant items causing this change were the $300 million repayment of our accounts receivable asset securitization facility which matured at the end of January. The repayment is reflected in the use of cash for operating activities. In addition, $250 million was spent on content in the first quarter to produce returning programs and pilots which again due to the strike last year we did not spend as cash. Finally, the first quarter 2009 free cash flow was lower due to lower operating profits. So as we discussed previously, our strategy is to be fully prepared to self-fund all of our 2010 to 2012 debt maturities. As of today, we have $1.2 billion due in July 2010. As we have repurchased at a discount over $150 million of our 2010 bonds since the first of this year. We have another $950 million due in May of 2011 and $820 million due in August of 2012. After that, the next most significant maturity after 2012 is in 2030. Our $3 billion bank facility, which has a very attractive rates and terms, matures at the end of December 2010. With the steps we took early this year to reduce our dividend and reduce our capital spending, and capital spending we are now forecasting for 2009 ranges from $275 million to $325 million, which is down from our previous guidance of $350 million. And to further focus increasing our already attractive OIBDA to cash flow conversion, we believe our strategy to self-fund our near-term maturities is absolutely on track. However, as you have seen, the credit markets over the last several weeks have become much more accommodate and the all-in-cost of debt has improved dramatically. If the current market continues to be as accommodating as they currently are, we will begin to refinance in 2009, a portion of our 2010 to 2012 maturities with longer dated bonds. We remain totally committed to continue to take the necessary actions to maintain our investment-grade rating. Our other non-debt [calls on cash] such as our qualified pension plans are very, very manageable. As we took actions in 2006, 2007, and 2008, to tax efficiently pre-fund our contributions to our qualified pension plans. Our qualified pension assets are over 75% allocated to fixed income instruments. And we do not have a mandatory qualified pension contribution in 2009 and 2010 looks to be minimal if any qualified pension contribution requirement. So with that, I thank you for your time and operator if you could open up this telephone lines, we will take your questions. Thank you very much.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) For our first question we go to Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank. 
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Just a question for Les, but also Fred, a clarification, when you said unusual items represented 22% of the drop in EBITDA did you mean 22% of last year's EBITDA or 22% of the change in EBITDA year-over-year?
Fred Reynolds:  The change, if you look at the drop in income from the 642 last year to the 250 this year that percentage dropped, 22 points of that had to do with the items I listed on the comments. 
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then Les, just curious, is there going to be any impact from Hulu on the value of TV.com or your video distribution strategy especially now that ABC has jumped in.
Leslie Moonves: We have had a different strategy than some of our competitors. TV.com is doing extremely well. We like the ability to control our own content where and when it goes. We don't like the idea of being exclusive to Hulu. It's not so say that you won't one day see CBS content on Hulu or Hulu content on TV.com, but this gives us the freedom to place our content wherever we want as well as sell it, ourselves, along with our other verticals, and so far it is proving to be extremely successful. So we wish Hulu well. We think it will do well, but we think TV.com will do extremely well and we will be in control of our own destiny.
Operator: For our next question we go do Jessica Reif Cohen with Merrill Lynch. 
Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch:  My first question is just on advertising. Can you talk a little bit more about the differences in the second quarter that you are seeing in local versus national? So in national what kind of cancellations have you seen for Q3, and at the TV station level, the show is still really bad, but what percent is it of the station revenue now versus a year ago?
Leslie Moonves: I will take the first and throw the station question to Fred. On a national level all I can tell you, is the volume of scatter just increased dramatically. The rates are slightly above upfront, but the amount that is there is very encouraging over the last literally four to six weeks. So we are encouraged as we head into the upfront that the scatter market is returning. It is returning at good CPM values and we're very pleased by what we're getting.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch:  What about cancellations?
Fred Reynolds: Cancellations on the third quarter, still too early to say. We haven't seen an appreciable amount or anything different. We're still in the midst of the second quarter. So we really don't know about the third yet.
Leslie Moonves: The second Jessica looked pretty good in the cancellation.
Fred Reynolds: The second was rather normal.
Leslie Moonves: On your question, Jessica on the auto, typically at TV stations that you know was in the low 20% range and now it is in the low-teens to mid-teens, again depending on the station and the market. As you got to remember, we are really more impacted by foreign manufacturers because our stations are on the coast, and that's where the foreign manufacturers have a much more significant share of market. So, it's not so much the domestic auto deal. Quite honestly that some of our encouragement is not growing over last year, but we're seeing more dollars put on by auto each week at this point, than we did it last year at this time. So, we're gaining a little bit.
Doug Mitchellson - Deustche Bank: And secondly, just on Showtime. Some of the cable operators and satellite operators that have reported so far, a few have mentioned softer premium penetration, but it sounds like you're still growing subs, so I was wondering if you could address that as well as the cost side with some of the movie contracts rolling off this year and next year. How should we be thinking about the profitability of Showtime?
Fred Reynolds: Number one, as we mentioned in every quarter in the last ten quarters, their subscribers have gone up. Even our recent Time Warner deal, our subs have gone up over 100,000 subs in Time Warner in the last couple of months. So we're extremely encouraged by that. And any softness that have been out there for the premium cable operators, we haven't seen. Obviously, our contracts with the movie studios, all of them were up at the end of last year. So, going forward, starting next year, the cost will be down. We've obviously made three or four deals already and we're picking up movies from a variety of sources, but our costs will definitely be down, in the beginning of '10 for Showtime and we're also investing more in original programming, which we think is the future of that group.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Nathanson with Sanford Bernstein. 
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein:  On your EBITDA guidance, what kind of assumptions are being made on advertising trends in the second half? Are you expecting a material improvement or a slight improvement to get to the EBITDA guidance?
Fred Reynolds:  Michael I think we're seeing a slight improvement; we're not looking for a [V] kind of recovery. I think what we're going to be in is sort of the rate of decline has certainly stopped. And I would say over the last eight to nine weeks, we've seen, each week we had more sales this week than last year and we could see out pretty far like certainly June and maybe early July, but that doesn't mean we're growing over last year. So we still had a big trough to fall in, but I would say, it's a slightly upswing in the drop.
Leslie Moonves:  And it has happened in everyone one of our businesses, Radio, Television stations, Outdoor as well as the scatter market. We have seen the rate of increase improve week-to-week over the last eight or nine weeks.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: That is the baseline for the guidance plus the cost savings?
Leslie Moonves: Yes, in the syndication. The syndication is very powerful as you know when you have five big programs being syndicated at cable at very good values that is dramatic. 
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: The question would be about normalized margins at TV stations and radio stations back in the day even a year or two ago, EBITDA margins were in the 40% range for TV and radio stations. I know they are much lower now, but I wondered in your minds, where can I get back to in a recovery period. Do you think you can get back to those days or was this downturn so severe that it maybe hard to get back to the 40% range.
Fred Reynolds:  Let me make my comments on radio because as you know within a segment we don't break out TV stations, but I think you will see that there is a common theme here. Both, radio stations and TV stations have taken out tremendous cost. Radio I think we said at the end of last year was almost $100 million, TV was a step behind that but real close. If we get any growth in revenue, you're going to see margins start to come back to their historical norm because as Leslie said at the outset, we made fundamental changes in how we operate our business. Not just laying off a clerk here, clerk there. We've restructured sales forces, we've restructured regional management. We've changed talent costs. You can't touch anything in our Radio and TV stations than Outdoor that is similar to what it was before; and yet our ratings are up, obviously thanks to the network. And in Radio, they are seeing listeners grow. So I am somewhat optimistic that if the economy does turn back, it isn't turned yet, but it is showing signs that that won't be an impediment to grow margins again.
Operator: For our next question we go to Michael Meltz with JPMorgan.
Michael Meltz - JPMorgan:  Related to the question on improvement as the year goes by, can you quantify the syndicated deals? How much of a pop should we be expecting as you get into the second half? And then I have a follow-up.
Leslie Moonves:  Michael, we cannot reveal the amount that is in them. All I can tell you is that they are substantial deals on basic cable networks at premium prices for premium content and we have gotten very good deals. In addition to those cable deals, we have syndication deals with those shows in place, as well at the station levels. So you can figure out what other deals have gone for.
Fred Reynolds:  Yes. If you look back, because we don't break out each of these prior shows, I don't think that would be fair to Leslie's point to the agreements we have, but if you look back in '07 we had a number of deals that looked very similar to that, or you could even look to the NCISs of last year, which I think we do a pretty good job of describing when they happen when they were recorded, which we will do at this time, too. We will certainly give you a lot of detail in the third quarter.
Michael Meltz - JPMorgan:  Fred, do you think, implicating your guidance, is it that earnings will be positive in the second quarter?
Fred Reynolds: We're trying to give you a perspective that the first quarter was our worst comparison because we had one heck of a good first quarter last year and the economy was doing great. So, we just wanted to give you as much and Leslie felt very comfortable as I did that we're far enough in the year that we can give you good full year guidance. It could be still little bit lumpy, but it's clearly a second half, growth. Its clearly going to be where we're going to see more driven by the items we said the syndication costs and hopefully a little bit of a recovery from what we saw in the depths of the first quarter.
Michael Meltz - JPMorgan: You're bumping up your P&L tax rate. It looks from the 10-Q you're lowering your cash tax assumption and you're lowering your CapEx assumption. How should we be thinking about working capital usage this year?
Fred Reynolds: I think you're going to see us, other than the first quarter which was tough, since we didn't have any programming expense last year, and this year we did, I think you're going to see it much more consistent in the flow through from EBITDA or OIBDA to free cash flow is going to be more consistent in the third quarter. As lot of you know when we recognized a large amount of revenue from syndication, a large amount of profit from syndication, a lot of that does not have cash until the next succeeding months and quarters, so it builds in a cash flow stream into the future but accounting rules make us recognize all the revenues and profits at once, but saying that, with the way we have our costs down, with the way that we are turning our receivables even faster, even in spite of all the slowdowns you're seeing, I am confident we will maintain our kind of normal EBITDA to free cash flow conversion rate which we have a good track record on.
Operator:  For our next question we go to Michael Morris with UBS.
Michael Morris - UBS: On the syndication I realize you won't quantify what's happening in the second half, but if we look at what happened in the first quarter was $460 million, does that represent a stable run-rate for that business, that we should be looking at excluding the unique sales of content. And then second, as you look at 2010, what does the pipeline look like there and again, realizing you won't quantify but how should we be thinking about the comparables as we roll into 2010 and then also if we can look at the advertising growth of television, can you give us any more detail information about the network stations split and also the political contribution? Thank you.
Fred Reynolds: This is Fred. I would say on your question on the television license fees. It will be consistent with what we disclosed today, I would say, yes, except in the third quarter. It's going to be lot bigger, and so this is more of the run-rate because last year we had an equivalent of the CSIs, you almost think of it as syndication even though it came through distribution. So I think that was one of your questions. I wasn't sure I understood your question on the national versus the TV stations or network versus TV stations. Could you maybe repeat that?
Michael Morris - UBS: First can you talk about the 2010 syndication pipeline?
Fred Reynolds: 2010 is mostly going to be second runs of a variety of our shows, but the CSIs are coming up and the big ticket items are coming up a few of them again.
Leslie Moonves: As you know, this comes in big lumps. We had a big '06, not as big in '07 and then '08 was sort of in the middle, '09 is the biggest. We are going to have, as Leslie said second cycle in 10 and then it's going to start to grow from there, considering the success we have had with shows.
Fred Reynolds:  Once again we own a big chunk of our inventory on our network and so these will continue to cycle through.
Michael Morris - UBS:  I guess on the advertising side, I was just asking if you could give us a little more detail on that 15%. How much was the political contribution in the prior year and what did the network versus the station look like in the quarter?
Leslie Moonves: As I mentioned, the network was down, about 8.6% in time period sales, and again some of that had to do with we preempted about 4.5 hours more of the network time because of the presidential speeches. And TV stations, we didn't break out the down, but political in the first quarter of '08 was about $25 million net, and this year it was a small fraction of that. We have a mayoral race in New York which is good because we have a very rich mayor.
Operator: For our next question we go to Rich Greenfield with Pali Capital.
Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital:  First, when you look at the syndication that you talked about, it is all cash deals, we've seen a big shift, it seems like in the syndication marketplace to [barter]. I know part of the Entourage deal was part of it was in barter, at least on the local TV side. Just wondering how you could quantify or qualify what those syndication deals look like and how much they vary. Secondly, I know you mentioned the 22% of the change was one-time items or at least explainable, but when you still look at it, the overall incremental margin of a loss in revenue dollars seemed to still be pretty large for both TV and radio. Is there anything you can do to mitigate that 50% plus impact between revenue and EBITDA that you're experiencing? And then third, what is the epics impact, assuming it does launch on Showtime if there is one at all? 
Leslie Moonves: Okay. Number one, I will deal with one and I will let Fred deal with two and I will deal with three. Number one, they are all cable deals. They are all basic cable deals. They are all cash. 100% of the money is in cash. The secondary deals that are made with TV stations may comprise some barter in them, but the bulk of it. The majority of these cable deals pure cash, no barter whatsoever. It doesn't even resemble the Entourage Curb Your Enthusiasm deal that was announced today. So this is cash on the line. In terms of the epics, we do not foresee its affecting us. We haven't heard of any distribution deals. As I said, we've renewed as you know with Time Warner, with Verizon, with many, many other MSOs. We're in the process of renegotiating with everybody. If epics gets carriage, which I guess they will, it won't affect us. The basis for Showtime remains first-run series, quality series programming plus the addition of a bunch of movies and we think we're going to remain a full service cable network. So, I wish epics well, but they won't affect Showtime.
Fred Reynolds:  Yeah, and Rich, this is Fred on your comment about the flow through. I think the reason that the revenue was down was mostly ad sales. And as you know very well that the incremental margin on an ad sale, the only cost is commissioned. So it's kind of an 85% to 90% margin business. I think what you see if you look at how we flow through in the case of radio with kind of revenues are down about a $100 million and profits are down about $70 million. It said that we were able to offset that with cost savings and that's what I was trying to emphasize is that the costs are down, but very hard on a 90% margin, 85% margin business to cover it with cost savings.
Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital: If I could just follow-up on the epics comment. You said that epics get launched at a very low distribution fee; you're not concerned that that could impact your ability to renegotiate with Comcast which I believe comes up over the next couple of years?
Leslie Moonves: I am really not. We have had conversations with Comcast and obviously with all the MSOs. Showtime is pretty established brand. We're growing in each one of them and it is not a concern to us.
Operator: We go next to Marci Ryvicker with Wachovia wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker - Wachovia wells Fargo: I know that the writers' strike ended mid February of last year, but is there any residual impact in terms of revenue or cost comps in Q2. Secondly, Les, you threw out an $80 million number that I think was referring to cost savings. Just wanted to clarify, are you talking about $80 million in cost savings for each of your segments separately in '09?
Leslie Moonves:  It is $80 million in radio and $80 million in television stations approximately. The answer is yes. In terms of the writers' strike, the writers' strike force us to re-look at our entire businesses. We cut over 50% of our overall deals at the studio and it caused us to re-look at how we were producing our television shows and we're doing every single one of them, in a more economical way. They will not be a show on our schedule next year that won't have a different cost structure than is currently on the books. I think we learned from the strike. We made some changes that probably should have been made. I think all the companies realized they didn't need as many overall deals to get their product. And here we are, a year later, as I said, up in every single demographic and doing things in a much more productive way. So as the advertising market comes back and we're seeing those signs, we think we're going to do extraordinarily well.
Operator: For our next question we go to Anthony DiClemente with Barclays Capital.
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital: My questions have all been asked, thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We go next to Benjamin Swinburne with Morgan Stanley
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley:  It sounds like you guys have thought or rethought the model quite a bit in television over the last year or so with the downturn. And I wanted to ask about how you think about buying shows or putting shows on CBS from the CBS studio versus third-party studios. I think The Mentalist for example I believe is a Warner Brothers, at least they are involved. Are you changing how you think about the mix between in-house and third-party production studios? And then, second, you mentioned Leno in your prepared remarks, but how much does that put up for grabs for you or for the other networks at 10' O Clock? How should we think about just may be in percentage terms or dollars terms, the potential benefit there? 
Leslie Moonves: Number one, we always put on the best pilot we have. We are buying more and more of our own shows. I would say the percentage has increased. By the way, The Mentalist is a Warner Brothers show, and they'll do very well in syndication with this, but we make a lot of money having the only biggest new hit show there is from advertising revenue. However, when you look at the total picture of an NCIS, where we keep not only advertising revenue, but also the many millions of dollars we get in both domestic and international syndication, it is a better business. So once again, we look at network studio hand-in-hand run out of the same place and you count all the revenues in the profits together. So, you will see, probably, a larger percentage of CBS-owned shows, although we have owned a lot in the past. The way we look at Leno, let me just describe it in very general terms. If you assume that we were the number one network at 10' O Clock last year, and I am using ballpark figures. And we took in 38% of the revenue available at 10' O Clock on broadcast television, because remember, there are only three networks. And assuming Jay Leno does great, he does what he's doing right now, certainly that 38% will turn into maybe 45%, maybe 47%. So if you take 10% more revenue, in that time period, once again we don't break out how much each time period is worth, but 10% of an arguably many hundreds of millions of dollar pie is a lot of money. That's why, we wish Jay well. We think this is a big plus for us and ABC in terms of revenue.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Do you think you will see any of that 10' O Clock money go into cable or is it all going to stay in broadcast?
Leslie Moonves: Not as long as we keep winning the 10' O Clock hour which we do four to five nights a week. 
Operator: For our next question we go to Jason Bazinet with Citi.
Jason Bazinet - Citi: I Just had one question on new [TV-rad] break that you gave. Can you just tell us where the re-trends fees are being captured and just sort of qualitatively how far long in the total re-trends negotiations you are at this juncture? Thanks.
Leslie Moonves: We don't give specifics because we're contractually not able to do it, but I have made some statements in the past about what sort of rates we were looking at and we are in that neighborhood.
Jason Bazinet - Citi: I just meant as a percentage of all the negotiations. Not at dollar terms.
Leslie Moonves: We currently have 51 deals completed and it represents about 10 million subs out of a universe of approximately low $40 million subs. We're somewhere in the 20% to 25% of subs out there that are available for us. In addition, we're starting to look at what happens with re-trends with our affiliates, which is another new revenue source that probably will be coming up in the future.
Jason Bazinet - Citi: And in terms of the category, is that under affiliates?
Fred Reynolds:  It's in Television segment and is considered affiliate revenue just like Showtime and College Sports.
Operator:  Our next question will come from Edward Atorino with Benchmark. 
Edward Atorino - Benchmark:  Are you saying 22% of OIBDA or operating income, there is not a big difference but I just wanted to get a clarification?
Fred Reynolds:  I was using OIBDA.
Edward Atorino - Benchmark: That's what I thought. Regarding TV outlook could you talk about some of the categories that might be looking to spend some money again and what do you think about the auto business?
Leslie Moonves: I think what we're seeing again is a lot of categories are coming back in. What you've seen with a lot of consumer oriented products and services that those spent to promote their product with consumers did well. They gained market share whether it was in packaged goods, whether it was the Home Depot's or Wall-Marts they gained market share and so I think that has proven. We see auto is coming back, but again not at the amount of sales we had last year at this time. So I would say, pretty much across the board, categories are spending more today, in May, than they were 60 days ago, and as I tried to articulate, if you looked at May last year, overall we're adding more dollars locally and as Leslie said the network scatter is stronger than it was six or eight weeks ago.
Edward Atorino - Benchmark: Do you think that part of the collapse in television starting last fall and continuing was due to factors beyond the economy like companies sitting on their cash? And is some of the recovery people are getting more courageous about spending some money?
Fred Reynolds:  With our local TV stations and radio, the economy is slowing a bit back in the fourth quarter of '07. That's why we started taking actions early in '08 to reduce our cost. I had no idea that the depth of the recession or the length of it was going to happen, but we certainly saw a slowdown and I think the economy obviously peaked somewhere at the end of the third quarter of '07 and people are calling back. I think what you're seeing now is, most companies feel more comfortable taking a little more risk, and therefore willing to spend their advertising dollars. We clearly are a leading indicator.
Leslie Moonves: Thanks everyone for joining us today. That concludes today's call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. We do appreciate your participation.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-18 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Adam Townsend  Executive Vice President of Investor Relations Sumner Redstone - Executive Chairman Leslie Moonves - President and Chief Executive Officer Fred Reynolds  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch Michael Meltz  JP Morgan Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein Michael Morris  UBS Jason Bazinet  Citigroup Benjamin Swinburne  Morgan Stanley Doug Creutz  Cowen & Co. Marci Ryvicker - Wachovia Securities David Miller  Caris & Co.
Operator: Welcome to todays CBS fourth quarter and full year 2008 earnings call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the call over Mr. Adam Townsend, Executive Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Sir.
Adam Townsend: (Audio begins with Adam Townsend already speaking) Sumner will have opening remarks and we will turn the call over to Les and Fred who will discuss the strategic and financial results. We will then open the call up to questions. Let me note that statements on this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's news releases and security filings. A summary of CBS Corporation's fourth quarter and full year 2008 results should have been sent to all of you. If you did not receive it, please contact Poonam Desai at 212-975-3367 and she will get it to you. A web cast of the call, the earnings release and other information related to the presentation can be found on our website at www.cbscorporation.com. Now I'll turn the call over to Sumner.
Sumner Redstone: Thank you. Good afternoon everyone. I thank you for being with us today. I doubt that we have ever seen a global economy as difficult as the one we are witnessing right now. The fact is, as conditions worsened throughout 2008 every industry has been affected. Unfortunately as of now 2009 is showing little sign of improving. One thing is clear; in the difficult environment CBS is doing an exemplary job of managing its businesses to todays challenges and equally important tomorrows opportunities. Our focus is on producing world class content; the kind that people want to watch, want to hear, want to read and want to stream. We have always recognized that content is king. While we focus on our content I must tell you we are also focusing on our costs and on our balance sheet at a time when all would agree it is crucial to do so. For those of you who didnt hear me express my views about Nationals negotiations with its lenders on the Viacom call I will simply reiterate my statement that we are making very good progress with our creditors. I have also said before we have not since our original sale sold a single share of CBS or Viacom and our lenders are not urging us to do so. Now with respect to the CBS dividend I can tell you that the topic has been discussed with the lenders and it will not impact the successful conclusion of the discussion. That is the update. Again, because of the ongoing nature of the discussions I must decline to further comment. Let me say this in conclusion, with all the difficulties in the economy today it is a clear advantage that we have a world class management team at CBS to lead the way. So it gives me a great deal of pleasure to turn this call over to CBS CEO, my friend and by the way a truly great executive, Leslie Moonves.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you very much Sumner. Good afternoon everybody. Thanks for joining us today to discuss our 2008 fourth quarter and full year results. By now you have listened to enough of these calls to know that I am going to tell you we are operating in a very difficult environment. Some say the worst since the 1930s. Clearly the market place has been sharply affected by the recession as well as the very unstable credit markets particularly in the last quarter of the year. Our advertising business has obviously been caught in this downturn especially our local businesses having a significant impact on our television and radio stations as well as outdoor. Network and interactive revenue are holding up better and our ratings and internet traffic success are bringing in rate increases even in this economy albeit not nearly at the levels we would like. As you know many of our businesses are dependent on advertising but it is also important to point out that advertising now accounts for just 2/3 of CBS revenue. We like the advertising business over the long term. We love its margins. Right now we also like the way our non-ad supported businesses are providing a buffer in this market place. Like most companies today we are primarily focused on managing our businesses so we can capitalize on the upturn when it occurs. We feel the majority of the top line pressure we are experiencing is related to the economic environment and not secular issues. Given the success of our content led by the number one television network we are confident that our results will improve when the overall economy is strong again. Now, over the past year we have taken a number of steps to position ourselves for future success. First, we continue to deliver on our long-term strategy to produce the best content out there. Regardless of the environment creating premium content is at the core of what we do. Second, we took our interactive business to a whole new level with the CNET acquisition. We are in the very early stages of what we will ultimately be able to do with this business but CBS record fourth quarter revenue and profits provide a nice preview of what is to come. Once again, for the future we are a content company and the internet is the newest forum for content. Third, to get ahead of the negative trends we knew were coming we acted early to radically lower our cost structure throughout 2008, reducing staff in every one of our businesses and reducing expenses across the organization. As a result, all of our businesses had underlying profitability on an operating basis in 2008 even those most pressured by the economy. Finally, we continue to aggressively manage our balance sheet. Our businesses still generate healthy cash in good times and bad. Nearly $1.7 billion of free cash flow in 2008 and we have used that cash judiciously always with an eye towards meeting our financial obligations, protecting our investment grade credit rating and of course returning value to our shareholders. Given the current uncertainty in the market place, however, we think it is time to retain more of our cash until we have more visibility into the credit markets and the depth and breadth of this recession. As you saw in our release today we reduced our quarterly dividend to $0.05 per share effective as of our April dividend payment. At this level, CBS yield will continue to be at the forefront of the media industry. Fred will take you through the specifics in more detail but I would like to stress we are taking this action now because we feel it is wise and prudent. We have until mid-2010 before we have any significant debt that matures and expect to be able to self-fund upcoming maturities through cash flow generated by our businesses. This step will maximize our financial flexibility in meeting our debt obligations. When the economy and credit markets improve we will revisit the amount of our dividend at that time. As I mentioned at the outset the effects of the slowdown were most evident in the last quarter of 2008. Our fourth quarter revenues of $3.53 billion were down from $3.76 billion last year and our adjusted OIBITDA of $591 million in the fourth quarter 2008 was down from nearly $850 million in the same quarter of the previous year. Now lets take a brief look at some of our businesses. In television the CBS television network is dominating the season. We are up in every single key demographic including viewers, households 18-49 and 25-54. No other network is up in any of these categories. We are also first in viewers, households 25-54 and a close second in 18-49. We are number one in four nights of the week and we have four of the top ten and eleven of the top 20 programs, more than any other network. We are number one by almost 3 million viewers per night. We have the number one scripted series, the number one drama, the number one comedy and the number one news magazine. We continue to cultivate new hits. We have the number one new program in drama with The Mentalist and four of five shows we introduced this year are still on our schedule. Our leadership position will not change next week, next month or even next year and when the market place improves we will benefit first and we will benefit the most. I am also very proud of how Katie Couric and our entire news team distinguished themselves in 2008. Evening news viewership is up and 60 Minutes has continued its tradition of setting the standard for in-depth coverage including the first interview, hosted by Katie, with US Airways Pilot Captain Sully Sullenberger. As the media landscape becomes increasingly crowded shows like 60 Minutes only become more valuable. In sports we finished the NFL season with more viewers than anyone else. We are also looking forward to the NCAA tournament next month including CBS interactive March Madness on Demand which is on track to break last years revenue record. We are seeing ratings success with The CW as well. The network has truly found its niche with women 18-34 and was the only one to score year-to-year gains in this demo. Gossip Girl, One Tree Hill and the new 90210 were all hits this year with double and even triple digit ratings gains over the prior season. The CW is realizing the largest viewership gains of any network from DVR usage, more proof of what I have said all along; DVR helps rather than hurts the popularity and reach of our programs. Across the board these ratings successes are very encouraging. Clearly we would rather be able to monetize a new hit show like The Mentalist or an established show like CSI in a better market place but it is important to remember that creating franchise content now leads to revenue growth down the road in areas like syndication, mobile, iTunes and DVD sales. These ancillary revenue streams are an increasingly important part of our future and many of them are becoming a bigger piece of the pie now as well. As I said, non-advertising revenue accounted for 1/3 of our total in 2008. These businesses turned in double digit revenue gains in 2008 and continue to perform very well in the current market place. These non-advertising assets include Showtime, syndication, DVDs, publishing and retransmission consent fees. At Showtime we have exceeded our expectations both financially and creatively. Showtime added one million subscribers last year bringing the total to 16.5 million driven by our critically acclaimed original programming. Our newest addition, The United States of Tara has now joined Weeds, Dexter, Californication and The Tudors as an established hit, each of which continue to succeed across multiple platforms. For example, through CBS interactive deal with iTunes, The Tudors recently spent 9 straight days as iTunes number one downloaded series. The Tudors second season debuted in the top ten among DVD sales, a feat rarely achieved by television DVDs. While others have expressed concern about the DVD business, television DVDs continue to be a very solid business for us, up mid-teens for the year. Our other non-advertising supported businesses turned in strong results as well. Showtimes success helped affiliate revenues grow 6% in 2008 and led by the CSI franchise, domestic and international syndication had a terrific year up 41%. We expect a great 2009 as well. Criminal Minds, Everybody Hates Chris, Ghost Whisperer, Medium and Numbers are all being sold into syndication this year. On the retrans front we have signed some significant carriage agreements so far this year, one with Verizon and a major new deal with Time Warner Cable. Today, as you may have seen, we signed a deal with Echostar for retransmission through the Dish Network as well. This year, within the last six weeks we have announced major deals with the number one telco, the second largest cable and the second largest satellite distributor, all of which recognize the value of our content. We said we would get paid for our network and we are. Simon & Schuster which also does not derive revenue from advertising was able to buck industry trends and finish the year with higher fourth quarter revenues. They have digitized more than 17,000 titles and are increasingly entering the e-book marketplace where sales increased four-fold during the year. Building ancillary revenue is a key strategy for all of our traditional media businesses and our new ones as well. Which brings me to another growing revenue stream for CBS, our interactive segment. We are pleased with the successful integration of CNET and CBS Interactive. Quincy, Neal and their team are driving audiences and revenue, increasing profits and creating new growth opportunities. They have redesigned CNET.com and last month TV.com added thousands of videos to what was already a thriving online community. Today TV.com has more than five times the number of video streams it had a year ago and 20 times the total minutes streamed online. TV.com is clearly going to be a very, very big player in what is clearly a fast growing category. In addition to CNET and TV.com, most of our sites had all time traffic highs in the fourth quarter and we are seeing success of our integrated sales approach which allows marketers to buy across multiple CBS Interactive properties and throughout our company. CBS Interactive was able to post top line growth at a time when many of our online competitors were flat to down. Going forward even in a slower revenue and growth environment we are focusing on taking share and dramatically improving our margins. We laid the groundwork in 2008 by realizing procurement and public company cost savings there as well as streamlining senior management and integrating substantial cost reductions. As I said earlier we have only begun to explore all we can accomplish with this business. The early results are already encouraging with Interactive, as with all of our businesses, our strategy continues to be producing the absolute best content and delivering it to our audience how, where and when they want it. At the same time, there is no doubt that our local assets in radio, outdoor and television are three areas that are being hurt right now. In radio we are advancing our strategy on focusing on the largest markets. We recently made deals with Clear Channel and the Wilks Group to sell or swap five mid-sized market stations. Most important to our long-term growth we significantly rationalized the cost base of this business, reducing headcount and operating costs throughout 2008 and into 2009 as well. As we right-size this business, large market radio remains a key part of the CBS portfolio and a prime opportunity online as well. We also believe in the long-term viability of our outdoor business as an advertising medium but right now outdoor is feeling the pains of the operating environment. Late last year advertising fell off sharply but billboard lease and transit costs did not which is why our results are disappointing. We have rationalized our expense base in outdoor in all places we control at this time with reductions in headcount and operating costs and those efforts will continue. So will our focus on the growth areas of this business, digital and international. Once again we will manage this business to be well positioned when things turn. Across the company our strategy is clear. We will continue to build out our content on our established businesses and increasingly on the internet as well. We will continue to maintain a strong balance sheet. Our businesses continue to generate healthy levels of free cash flow and we are now retaining more cash in order to be equipped to handle any economic climate going forward. We will continue to manage our businesses through the current climate including a very disciplined approach to Capex and other expenses. Looking forward, as others have pointed out, it is a very difficult time to forecast the near impact of the current U.S. and global economic picture. Given the very positive ratings trends we see at the network and our strong syndication sales with five series hitting the books in the back half of 2009 we believe that the second half of 2009 will be stronger than the first even if the economy does not improve. Once again, while we cant control the macro environment we can control how we run our businesses and the quality of our content and I am pleased with our continued progress on both fronts. Now I will turn the call over to Fred Reynolds, our CFO, for some additional insight on our financials.
Fred Reynolds: Thank you Leslie. Good afternoon to all of you. I would like to focus my comments on key actions we took to meet the challenges we faced in the fourth quarter and to discuss highlights of our operating performance during 2008. In response to the rapid drop at the end of 2008 in the local and national economy our businesses moved quickly to further reduce their ongoing costs. As you know, we began to take actions to lower the cost of our local businesses at the end of 2007 and we have continued this difficult process throughout 2008 as the U.S. economy accelerated its decline into a full blown, widespread recession by the end of 2008. During the fourth quarter we took additional restructuring charges of over $83 million which is reflected in each segments operating income before depreciation and amortization and is highlighted further in todays earnings release information. Radio, TV stations and outdoor account for 70% of the $83 million restructuring charge as our local businesses eliminated numerous positions. Also, in anticipation of continued weak market conditions in 2009 all of our businesses took steps in the fourth quarter to reduce their costs. For all of 2008 the actions we took reduced our annual ongoing costs by over $220 million by eliminating discretionary spending and eliminating positions resulting in restructuring charges for the year totaling over $136 million. Let me now briefly discuss our fourth quarter and full year financial performance. I will end with a discussion of our balance sheet and our strategy for using our strong free cash flow given the very uncertain economic times we currently are faced with. For the full year 2008 our revenues were almost $14 billion, down only 1% from 2007. About 66% of our revenues in 2008 were $9.2 billion came from advertising. Our advertising revenues were down about 8% from 2007. The other 34% of our revenue, or $4.7 billion is from non-advertising revenue such as license fees for the use of our content, syndication fees, affiliate revenues from subscribers of our Showtime network and also revenues from home video sales, digital downloads and Simon & Schuster. Non-advertising revenue for 2008 of $4.7 billion was up 17% over 2007 led by license fee growth of plus 40%, DVD sales of over $230 million which was up 16%, affiliate revenue up 6% and all other non-advertising revenues up over 3% from a year ago. Now turning to profits for the full year, our adjusted operating income before depreciation and amortization was almost $2.8 billion, down 13% to 2007. Adjusted operating income before depreciation and amortization excludes the impairment and restructuring charges, stock based compensation expense and the CNET acquisition. Adjusted earnings per share for 2008 was $1.73 compared to $1.98 in 2007, a decline of 13%. As Leslie mentioned, free cash flow for 2008 totaled $1.67 billion versus $1.71 billion in 2007. Taking into account our discretionary pension contributions for both years, free cash flow in 2008 would have been even with 2007. For the fourth quarter 2008 free cash flow totaled $308 million, up from $122 million in the fourth quarter 2007 as we decreased capital spending by over $40 million and we continued to focus on lowering our use of working capital as we drove our asset turnover ever higher. Turning to the fourth quarter of 2008 performance, revenues totaled $3.4 billion on an adjusted basis, adjusted OIBITDA totaled $592 million, down 30% from the fourth quarter 2007 and let me take you through the segments quickly; Television revenues were $2.2 billion, down 8% from the fourth quarter 2007 with half the decline coming from the networks time period sales. Time period sales fell 13% as our strong growth in networks ratings could not offset the pre-emption of nine primetime hours for election and debate coverage and while scatter pricing was higher in the fourth quarter than the up front pricing, scatter pricing was not nearly as high as it was in the fourth quarter 2007. TV stations account for the balance of the drop in revenue for the quarter. Strong political advertising from October through November 4 of over $60 million could not offset the rapid decline in our base advertising business led by a dramatic pullback in advertising spending by local automobile dealers and retailers. The drop in television operating income before depreciation and amortization reflected these lower revenues and a $25 million restructuring charge. Radios fourth quarter revenues of $367 million was down 18% from 2007 as soft local advertising along with recently announced radio station divestitures reduced revenues versus the year-ago period. Radios operating income before depreciation and amortization in the fourth quarter was $79 million and that reflected a restructuring charge of approximately $44 million. Outdoors revenues of $526 million declined 15% compared to the fourth quarter of 2007. Foreign exchange from the strengthening U.S. dollar represented about 7% of the 15 point decline and outdoors operating income before depreciation and amortization for the fourth quarter totaled $98 million down from $199 million the year before. The OIBITDA included $6 million of restructuring costs plus the strong U.S. dollar in the fourth quarter lowered profits by $12 million and that was coupled with higher transit costs largely for the London Underground. Interactive, our newest segment, had a very good fourth quarter 2008 as revenues were up over three-fold versus the fourth quarter 2007. The acquisition of CNET drove the revenue increases. Operating income before depreciation and amortization for Interactive was almost $52 million for the fourth quarter, up seven-fold from a year ago. Revenue from the CNET acquisition coupled with significant cost savings drove the profit growth in the fourth quarter. As we discussed at the time of the acquisition, we expected cost savings largely from the elimination of public company costs to be in the range of $15-20 million. Actual savings have already more than doubled our acquisition expectations. The opportunities for efficiencies by combining our businesses have been significant. The full integration of CNET with CBS Interactive has been completed very successfully and very quickly. Finally, let me share with you our strategy to maintain our solid balance sheet and strong financial flexibility given the current economic environment where we believe the economically sensitive markets which our businesses operate in will continue for the foreseeable future to experience very difficult trends and near term the credit markets will remain unstable and uncertain. Given this economic situation and our long standing commitment to maintain a solid, investment grade balance sheet requires that we reallocate the use of some of our strong free cash flow. Our strategy today is to be fully prepared to self fund all of our 2010 to 2012 debt maturities. We believe we have sufficient cash plus free cash flow given the current downturn in the U.S. economy to self fund all of our near-term maturities including July 2010 $1.4 billion of our 7.7% senior notes that are maturing. At the end of 2010 our $3 billion revolving credit facility matures. In May 2011 $950 million of our 6-5/8 senior notes mature and in August 2012 notes and debentures totaling about $850 million mature. After 2012 the next large maturity is not until 2030. As you can see from our earnings release during the fourth quarter we purchased at a discount $200 million of our 2010 senior notes recognizing a gain in the quarter of over $8 million. In January 2009 we paid off $300 million of our $550 million accounts receivable securitization facilities as lenders have become very, very reluctant to commit financing to collateralize debt obligations such as accounts receivable securitization programs. The cost of this program used to be very, very attractive to us and now it has become very expensive compared to other available sources of financing which is why we paid off $300 million of the $550 million. As the credit markets begin to stabilize and become more predictable and borrowing costs become more attractive in the U.S. economy in general and the particular economic sectors we rely upon for an important part of our local businesses to begin to recover we will revisit our self-funding strategy. But in the meantime we will reduce our debt outstanding, lower our capital spending to under $350 million starting in 2009 and reduce our dividend pay out to a level that fits with our self-fund strategy while still providing what we believe will be an attractive dividend yield to our shareholders. Our Board of Directors approved our recommendation to reduce our dividend from $0.20 a quarter to $0.05 per quarter starting with our April 1 dividend payment. We are very fortunate to have businesses which produce a significant amount of free cash flow year in and year out, in good times and in times as such we are now all experiencing. We are focused on using our free cash flow to not only position our businesses to grow but to discharge all of our obligations, obtain a solid investment grade balance sheet and return cash to you, our shareholders. I thank you and with that we will open the phone lines. Darren if you would open the phone lines for questions.
 :
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Any chance you could give us more visibility into ad pacing in the first quarter or what you are seeing by media and maybe Les you could talk a little bit more about what you are seeing by category as well that would be helpful.
Fred Reynolds: We dont like to give a sales pace. Clearly sales in the first quarter are challenged like you have heard elsewhere particularly with TV local and outdoor businesses and particularly with us because you may recall from the first quarter 2008 we had record political sales. At this point we are kind of rolling over almost $30 million in political. I dont think the first quarter is really indicative of what we are seeing. I would say we are not seeing the markets decline any further but clearly they are down from where we would like them to be.
Leslie Moonves: I know this may come as a great surprise but autos are down. It is obviously a challenged category and an important one to us on a local level. Telcoms are actually very strong and the options for the network have all been picked up there. Pharmaceuticals for us are actually doing really well. Retail is somewhat down and financial is somewhat down. It is a mixed bag and nothing that would surprise you in terms of categories.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: If I could just follow-up could you give us a sense of how much visibility you have for the first quarter? Are you 60% sold out? 80%? 50%? Is that a way to do it and how much visibility do you feel you have in the first quarter?
Fred Reynolds: I think we have pretty good visibility through February but everything is coming in late as Im sure youve heard on every call and the unprecedented amount of pace that we tend to pick up within the month and so what used to be a good leading indicator of the sales pace isnt as good anymore because things are coming in later. Again, clearly pricing is down and it is a very competitive market out there. It is certainly a buyers market.
Operator: The next question comes from Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch: The first thing is, the second quarter options were due. Could you just talk about what actually you saw for the second quarter? Given the divergent trend in ratings versus the ad market can you talk about how you are even thinking about the up front and how you are positioned for the up front?
Leslie Moonves: Sure. In terms of options once again second quarter options are fairly normal. There are certain categories that are a little slower and certain ones that are very strong. In talking to our sales department at the network we are feeling fairly good about them and overall once again in scatter I would argue that with our ratings, not argue, with our ratings we are getting the lions share of the scatter market. Pricing is up. Volume is not nearly as strong as we would like it to be. Believe it or not we are looking forward to the up front because we got quite a story to tell. As I said earlier we are the only network up in every single category and nobody is up in a single one. We have a better story to tell. There is going to be an up front. There is going to be an up front market and we have a better story to tell. So, in terms of overall it is hard to predict what it will be but we feel strong we will be in the best position to take advantage of it.
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch: TV syndication you mentioned your five series in the back half of 2009. Can you just talk about what percentage has actually been sold and is there any change in the deal terms in light of some of the broadcast bankruptcies?
Leslie Moonves: No, they have all been sold. They have all have domestic cable deals that are strong out of the terms of change. They are all going to happen at the end of the year, or the second half of the year rather of 2009 and they are all completed and they are very healthy in this marketplace. We have been very pleased and there has been no attempt to re-price them or to change the terms on them.
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Just to clarify you said these are cable deals?
Leslie Moonves: Most of the drama series are sold primarily to cable and then syndication afterwards. That started back when we got $1.9 million an episode for CSI. So that has continued along with all these dramas. There are a lot of the basic cable companies that are our first buyer. A&E, TBS, TNT or Lifetime, etc. who are all paying very good prices. Once again the international marketplace for all of them not only these five titles but for the rest of our shows remains extremely strong.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Meltz  JP Morgan.
Michael Meltz  JP Morgan: You mentioned that you made a pension contribution. What is your expectation for 2009 or is there an expectation and where is your pension balance at the end of the year?
Fred Reynolds: There is no mandatory call on the pension plan as we sit here today because the funding we made at the end of 2008 was a voluntary or pre-payment as we call it or pre-funding so right now there is not to the qualified plan. Clearly we had some unrealized losses although not to the extent others do. As you may recall a large part of our pension plan is in fixed income. We may have had some mark-to-market issues in the stock price because again about 70% of our pension assets are in fixed income.
Michael Meltz  JP Morgan: So you dont expect to have to make another contribution in 2009?
Fred Reynolds: Right. From this point from what I can see now there will not be a required or what I call a mandatory payment. Obviously if the market deteriorates further we will have to revisit it but that as of 12/31 that is not the case.
Michael Meltz  JP Morgan: Of the $220 million of annualized cost take out what portion of that would you realize in 2009 that wasnt realized in 2008?
Fred Reynolds: Well again it was throughout the year so I would say we would get the full year benefit. The local businesses took action at the end of the fourth quarter 2007 so we got some of those and then they took some more in the first quarter. Most of the other actions of the 83 we just talked about came in the fourth quarter so virtually none of it was a benefit to 2008. It will all benefit 2009.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: Going back to the cost saving question, could you spread out the cost savings of $220 in 2008? Where is that going to be spread? Can you give me a sense?
Fred Reynolds: Again I would say of the $220 probably 60-70% is going to come at the local businesses, radio, TV and outdoor. It is largely employment costs. Discretionary savings have already been done and they have been reflected immediately but those were largely the ongoing is people costs.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: That is off the cost base of 2008?
Fred Reynolds: Yes sir.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: The second one was you talked a lot today about the non-typical businesses you have. It would be helpful in TV if you could spend some time talking about the profitability in TV which is a large bucket of your different segments. I think some of the people would definitely want to hear that.
Fred Reynolds: I missed part of the question. You said non what?
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: The non-advertising business. How big is profitability and how about the syndication business and things like that?
Fred Reynolds: Again, the non-advertising businesses are again largely license fees of the programs like Medium. It is syndication revenues for Medium or a CSI. Those are all very profitable but nothing is as profitable as an incremental sale of advertising because basically all you have is a commission cost. So that is a very high incremental margin. These are all very, very attractive margins. Most businesses would give their right arm for them but nothing will compare with the amount of incremental profit you make on an advertising sale.
Leslie Moonves: We dont break it out. It includes Showtime. It includes DVD sales. It includes syndication. It includes iTune sales, etc. and retrans as well.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: But could you break it out it given how much you are stressing how much the business is growing?
Leslie Moonves: As we said overall for the company it is 1/3 of our revenue. Within the TV segment it
Fred Reynolds: I guess I would say I understand from a number of questions that have come up on that and we have to see how we can do it without creating segments that dont make any sense. We have some rules as you know with the SEC about how you create a segment. So you really cant get to a profit number. We might be able to get to some kind of gross margin or something like that but certainly Adam, Leslie and I have been looking at that because I think it is something that people are not seeing how profitable we are and how fast growing it is and that is really where we are focusing because our content is the big driver of most of that.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Morris  UBS.
Michael Morris  UBS : On the outdoor business I guess this is a similar question to television but can you give us a little insight into what you are seeing in current advertising trends right now? The comp is not as clear as what has been reported. Have the trends deteriorated in the first quarter? What else are you seeing in terms of the competitive environment there? Then also on the cost side of that business you mentioned the high fixed cost nature but you also just referenced some of the cost in the restructuring that is coming out there. How should we be looking at what you are expecting for cost growth in 2009?
Fred Reynolds: I will break it down to the domestic billboard market and then international. I would say they are both faring much better than TV or radio are. While they are down in pace versus a year ago at this time they are not down nearly to the extent as the others. It is quite a big gap. In international it is the case of local currency however when you put the factor of the U.S. dollar strengthening to almost unprecedented levels against the Euro and the Pound which is what we are most dependent on that is causing it to be translated back to the U.S. dollar and looking worse. The underlying decline in international and domestic are about the same and they are quite a bit lower decline than you are seeing in other businesses. As far as costs, we are taking out again it depends on the market. In the U.S. we are taking out a lot of sort of what I would call variable costs we can get at and streamlining the sales force and taking out layers. As you know we have exited a lot of transit contracts so therefore we are able to take out those costs and they were lower margin. In Europe it is much more about infrastructure overhead because we moved to a model where every country had sort of its own G&A to more of a Pan European approach too and that is significant dollars. That is coming out from there.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason Bazinet  Citigroup.
Jason Bazinet  Citigroup: I just have a question on the magnitude of the dividend reduction. I think most investors expected some sort of cut but I think the magnitude may be a bit larger. This may be an artificial construct but when you recommended a dividend policy for the board did you say we want to still have a respectable dividend yield for where our stock is now or did you look at it backwards and say we have this $1.6 billion maturity in 2010. That is a year and a half. We sort of think we can comfortably do a billion in cash flow for the next year and subtract the dividend of $135 million or so and that is sort of a comfortable way to sort the dividend? Which way did you come at it? Was it the free cash generation for the business or dividend payout ratio that gives a respectable yield?
Leslie Moonves: The right answer is all of the above. Obviously a lot of time and effort went into the discussion as to what was the right number and when we looked at our yield we still said we would be at the top of all media companies in terms of returning dollars to our shareholders. We also wanted the flexibility and we looked ahead and we looked ahead to what we have due in 2010 and it gave us the best flexibility. There were certain people who wanted to eliminate it altogether. Certain people wanted it to be cut in half. We felt this was the right number for us and a lot of effort went into it. So when you ask which way did we approach it, we approached it from all sides.
Operator: The next question comes from Benjamin Swinburne  Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne  Morgan Stanley: Production syndication you mentioned a number of drivers there; TV DVD sales are strong, international syndication is strong. As we look at 2009 given the five shows going into syndication for you should that business be up year-over-year on the top line? How much international exposure currency headwinds are in that business and how much barter revenue in there which is actually more closely tied to advertising? Then as one follow-up, Les you talked historically about retransmission revenues for the business reaching $250 million over time. I think somewhere around $0.50 a sub. Given that you have a number of deals now in the bag is that number still reasonable? Any update upward or downward on that?
Leslie Moonves: Let me start with your second question first. On the basis of the deals that we have currently concluded yes we are on target for a few years down the line to hit those kinds of numbers. Without revealing what these deals are we are very pleased with all three of these major deals as we have mentioned before. We have concluded about 24 smaller ones but to have a large, the second largest cable operator and second largest satellite group and the largest telco with the numbers we got we are very satisfied. We are very pleased and onward looking we are confident we are going to hit those kinds of numbers. In terms of the syndication there is very little of that which is bartered.
Fred Reynolds: Leslie is right. That is not what we are looking at. Barter to me is advertising. So what we are talking about here is really the license or syndication fee and so that will be significant in 2009 because our only major syndication in 2008 was CSI New York which happened in the third quarter so now we are going with five which is Medium, Numbers, Criminal Minds, Ghost Whisperer and Everybody Hates Chris. A fairly significant increase.
Leslie Moonves: When you look at the new model for syndication, when you are selling primarily as occurred over the last half dozen to ten years when the primary sale is to basic cable the barter becomes a lot less significant than when you were selling sit coms directly to a variety of TV stations and there was a certain amount of cash and a certain amount of barter. Now it is primarily a per episodic fee directly to the cable network and you are not worried about barter. So we will not be affected by advertising in that model and that has sort of been the model for the last number of years.
Fred Reynolds: As far as foreign exchange it really is an indirect effect because we price largely in dollars for the bigger countries but I think your question is would people pull back because their local currency buys fewer dollars. That gets back to the content. These are the kinds of shows that have been extremely successful overseas. Our procedurals. Our dramas. There is nothing to substitute them for so they dont really have a lot of choice.
Leslie Moonves: If you pick up a guide to one of the top ten shows in every one of the major foreign territories that are spending real dollars you are usually going to see at least two out of three CSIs if not all three and the procedural dramas we do really, really well in those countries.
Benjamin Swinburne  Morgan Stanley: So the CSI in the U.K. and Germany those kinds of markets those deals are done in dollars primarily?
Fred Reynolds: Yes. Again, I think you are trying to go indirectly saying would it hurt their purchasing power. I guess sure. But they had a great fee awhile ago and the dollar was weak and but they have to have the content that is going to draw their local audience.
Operator: The next question comes from Doug Creutz  Cowen & Co.
Doug Creutz  Cowen & Co. : Could you talk a little bit about where you are in your plans to self produce movies and whether the desire to preserve capital here has limited those plans?
Leslie Moonves: At the moment our plans currently remain to do 3-4 movies this year. We begin production on the first one on April 6. We have announced the beginning of production on two movies. The budgets of both are well below $40 million on both these movies and that is what our game plan is and with our Showtime deal in place and the original plan is certainly working and the capital situation does not affect it.
Operator: The next question comes from Marci Ryvicker - Wachovia Securities.
Marci Ryvicker - Wachovia Securities: I just want to go back to outdoor for a minute. The drop from Q3 to Q4 was so large, specifically in the U.S. Can you tell us a little bit what happened? Where there completions? Was it just lack of demand? How was national? How was local? Any color would be helpful.
Fred Reynolds: I think what clearly happened as you may recall that through the first half of the year outdoor was growing kind of mid to high single digits. Third quarter kind of went flat and then the fourth quarter as you can see the U.S. numbers actually went into a decline. When you have a decline on a sort of high fixed cost base there and we couldnt react as quickly until we started picking up the people. That is what drove the margins down. It clearly was the last into the sort of soup as I would call it into the recession and it was doing fine versus relatively versus other local assets we have. Again it still continues to do better and we are working very quickly on taking a lot of cost out where we can.
Marci Ryvicker - Wachovia Securities: What about on the top line?
Fred Reynolds: What about on the top line? It paced down in the fourth quarter.
Marci Ryvicker - Wachovia Securities: Right but the change between Q3 and Q4 was the revenue drop off due to cancellations or lack of demand?
Fred Reynolds: We didnt really have cancellations to say. There was just a lack of demand. There was a pull back by a lot of categories that just were, or lower pricing. Our occupancy was actually the same or higher which is sometimes doesnt make me so happy but pricing was down. The pricing power went to the buyer and it went rather rapidly.
Operator: The next question comes from David Miller  Caris & Co.
David Miller  Caris & Co.: Les in your prognostication in your prepared remarks you mentioned you believe the second half of 2009 will be stronger than the first half. Is that because of one particular segment of your business you just have greater visibility on versus the first half or is it just because the first half just looks so ugly that it is going to comp easily against the first half and you are fairly confident going into the second half? If you could just flesh that out that would be great.
Leslie Moonves: Number one we have the five syndication titles that I talked about. That is the primary factor that are not there in the first half that will be there in the second half. In addition there have been some cost cutting things that will take effect in the second half of the year. Number three, we expect the network to continue to be as strong as it is and we are now in the dominant position which we hadnt been and we expect to get the lions share of that revenue. We think that will be effective as well.
Adam Townsend: Thank you. We will be around tonight to answer more questions if you need it.
Operator: This concludes todays conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Adam Townsend  Executive Vice President of Investor Relations Sumner Redstone - Executive Chairman Leslie Moonves - President and Chief Executive Officer Fred Reynolds  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Michael Morris  UBS  Doug Creutz  Cowen & Co.  Mark Wienkes - Goldman Sachs Marci Ryvicker - Wachovia Securities Jason Bazinet  Citigroup Anthony DeClemente  Barclays Capital  
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the CBS Corporations third quarter 2008 earnings release teleconference. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Adam Townsend.  Mr. Townsend please go ahead. 
Adam Townsend: Thank you. Good morning everyone and thank you joining us for our third quarter 2008 earnings call. Joining me for today's discussion are Sumner Redstone, our Executive Chairman; Leslie Moonves, President and CEO and Fred Reynolds our Executive Vice President and CFO. Sumner will have opening remarks and we will turn the call over to Les and Fred who will discuss the strategic and financial results. We will then open the call up to questions. Let me note that statements on this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's news releases and security filings. A summary of CBS Corporation's third quarter 2008 results should have been sent to all of you. If you did not receive the results, please contact Poonam Desai at 212-975-3367 and she will get it to you. A web cast of the call and the earnings release and any other information related to the presentation can be found on our website at www.cbscorporation.com.  Now I'll turn the call over to Sumner.
Sumner Redstone:  Thank you. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today. CBS is clearly operating in the middle of one of the most difficult environments in our recent memory. One thing that is certain to me is that Leslie and his team are managing our businesses prudently and are positioning CBS for a very successful future. At the same time I am pleased that CBS continues to pay a truly attractive dividend while investing for growth.  Now these are things many companies were not able to do this quarter and accomplishments to be proud of. CBS continues to be in a strong position and I have no doubt that we will be even stronger on the other side of the challenges we face today.  Now I want to briefly discuss another topic that I am sure is on all of your minds. As you know, the financial condition of National Amusements, that is the private company that I control and that holds my controlling interest in CBS and Viacom, has been much in the news in recent days and understandably there has been some concern expressed particularly with respect to any potential impact on CBS and Viacom.  So let me give you some facts.   First, NAIs theater operations are substantial. We have more than 1,500 screens in the United States, Latin America, the United Kingdom and in Russia. The company is in the forefront of delivering great entertainment experiences to its audiences. However, NAI like a number of companies was pulled into the wake of unforeseen and unprecedented market activity that caused a precipitous drop in the value of the overall market and of course in the value of CBS and Viacom shares.  This in turn triggered a covenant issue under NAIs debt agreement.  Second, NAI moved quickly to address this situation. The company immediately opened up a dialogue with its lenders which as you now led to the highly unusual sale of $233 million of CBS and Viacom non-voting shares. Obviously these were extraordinary circumstances which resulted in NAI having to take action which is clearly atypical. Now let me emphasize this was not something NAI wanted to do nor is it something that NAI intends to do again. Let me make it clear, certain, NAI has no intention of selling a single share of Viacom or CBS.  Now there may be uncertainties all around us but one of the things I remain absolutely certain of, whatever actions were required in no way diminishes my optimism of CBS and Viacom. Furthermore, it should be obvious to all of you that the current stock prices of these two great companies does not come close to reflecting their underlying value.  Third, NAI has a top team of professional advisors. They include Citigroup, Rothschild, Chairman and Sterling. They are all working with the banks and note holders to restructure the unsecured debt. A committee of NAI directors who have no executive role at either CBS or Viacom is overseeing the work of these advisors.  Finally, and most importantly notwithstanding speculation in the press and elsewhere I want all of you to know that NAI is having extremely constructive talks with its lenders and I fully expect that a fair and workable deal for National will be reached in a highly reasonable time frame.  Now, I know that many of you will have questions but given the sensitive and fluid nature of these discussions I will have to decline comment for now. For now only. Until NAI is in a position to update you on any significant future developments.  So I thank you. Im glad I had an opportunity to give you a realistic view of what goes on in the strong National Amusements.  Now let me take you back to the real topic of the day, CBS, and I will turn you over to my friend, Les Moonves. 
Leslie Moonves:  Thank you Sumner. Good morning everybody and thank you all for joining us today to discuss our third quarter. Before I walk you through our results I want to make a few key points that are crucial to understanding our company and our future.  Clearly this is a difficult marketplace for all companies in every sector. The challenge is to recognize the reality of the situation and effectively manage through it and be ready to thrive when the economy turns, which we are doing.  First, I want to stress that we are committed to paying a healthy dividend to our shareholders. Our free cash flow remains strong, $1.4 billion for the first nine months of this year. Going forward we are confident that our businesses will continue to produce the kind of cash that will enable us to pay our attractive dividend. Fred will talk some more about this in a minute but the dividend is front and center in our strategy to return value to our shareholders.  Second, in any economy producing premium content is at the core of what we do. The CBS television network, the CW and Showtime are the engines that create our content and they are firing on all cylinders. These three networks create content for many other parts of the company from local stations to domestic and international syndication, to DVD sales to online streaming and emerging media platforms like iTunes and mobile.  Creating winning content now is the best way to drive future financial results when the economy improves and we are doing that.  Third, our long-term strategy continues to be the shift from slower growth assets to higher growth ones. No step has been more significant for us in executing this strategy than our acquisition of CNET networks, the greatest collection of profitable, premium online brands in the industry.  It has only been four months since the close but the integration is well underway and it has gone very smoothly. As part of the new CBS interactive, CBS has been cash flow positive from day one and growing. More about the new CBS interactive in a minute.  Finally, we cant control the economy but we can control how we manage through this period. I assure you we are doing everything we can to address expenses throughout our entire organization. As you saw in todays press release we have taken further costs out of our radio and outdoor businesses, part of our ongoing effort begun earlier this year. We will remain vigilant in evaluating and adjusting our cost base and in taking a very disciplined approach to investment in capital projects.  Turning to the quarter, as you know we made some announcements earlier this month when the extent of the market conditions became clear. What we are presenting here today largely represents numbers you are already aware of.  During the third quarter the company delivered revenues of $3.4 billion, up 3% from the same quarter last year. CNET contributed to this as did the domestic cable syndication sale of CSI: New York. Obviously revenue growth in this economy is quite welcome. Meanwhile, as we indicated earlier our OIBDA and operating income were both down due to developments in the economy and the advertising marketplace. But our company remained highly profitable this quarter with adjusted OIBDA of $665 million. All five of our operating segments including our new interactive segment contributed to CBS profits.  Now lets take a quick look at some of our businesses.  First and foremost is CBS television network is back in front of all the competition. For the first time in more than 20 years we are number one in five weeks into the season in every single category. This includes households, viewers, adults 25-54 and yes adults 18-49. We have six of the top ten, eleven of the top twenty programs, more than the other networks combined and we dominate five nights of the week, again more than the other networks combined.  In addition to being the number one network, CBS has the number one series in CSI, the number one comedy in Two and a Half Men, the number one news series in the Mentalist, the number one new comedy in The Worst Week and continuing the number one news magazine in 60 Minutes. Speaking of news, I am very proud of the work Katie Couric has done this election season. Her interviews with the candidates have been the most talked about and widely viewed events in this historic presidential campaign. They drove ratings increases for her program and a double digit surge in visitors to CBSNews.com and all the CBS audience network sites. Her clips ranked among those most popular online across the entire web on any given day in the weeks that followed the series and we monetized them. For my money, Bob Schieffer was by far the best moderator in all of the presidential debates.  I am also happy to report that the rumors of CWs demise were greatly exaggerated. Since premiering its fall line up, the CW has improved its overall prime time performance by 20% in its target demo women 18-34, making it the number one network in that category. With Gossip Girl, 90210 and Americas Next Top Model, the CW has established itself as the premier network for young women.  Showtime is another crucial part of our content engine and is also performing remarkably well. Unlike CBS and the CW it is not advertising dependent, which diversifies our TV segment. Our subscribed base is at an all time high and growing every single month. Third quarter subs were up 9% or 1.4 million households from the third quarter 2007. Once again, original programming continues to drive Showtimes results. During the quarter the fourth season of Weeds had its highest debut yet. The shows first week to 3 million viewers, up 64% from last year. Dexter had a strong opening as well and has been renewed for two more seasons. Add to that Californication, The Tudors and the new Inside the NFL show and you can see why Showtime is stronger than ever and has become the premier premium cable network.  Also in cable, CBS College Sports Network is gaining subscribers as well. During the quarter we signed new deals with Comcast, Bios and others to add 4 million subs and we will be at 30 million in total by early 2009.  Turning to syndication there is a tremendously strong demand for our hit shows domestically and around the globe. In the U.S. our cable syndication sales of CSI: New York helped increased our TV licensing fees by 40% in the quarter. Overseas as cable channels proliferate our syndication is filling a need for new programming. We just sold Showtimes Californication internationally for $1 million per episode, the first half hour show ever to hit that mark.  Meanwhile, 90210 has sold for $2 million per episode making the show highly profitable from its very first episode. The CSI franchise is considered to be number one around the world.  In the area of retransmission consent we are being paid for our signal by many small operators and have some larger deals currently in negotiation. We expect to have more progress to report by the end of the year.  In short, while the advertising marketplace is difficult, we are capitalizing on our other growth opportunities at Showtime, syndication and in retrans negotiations with good results. In our current economy our local businesses in TV, radio and outdoor have been most affected. We have anticipated this slow down for some time and have taken proactive measures by reducing capital and operating costs going back to last year. We will continue to right-size our businesses as we move forward as well.  In regards to radio I would like to take a moment to update you on the sale of some of our mid-size market stations. We have received some very attractive bids and are continuing our conversations regarding them. Current credit conditions make it difficult to predict the timing of these transactions but we are encouraged by the level of interest in our stations. The good news is we dont have to sell by any given date. We will take the time necessary to make the best deal for us and our shareholders. Stand by.  The timing of these sales is less important to us than sticking to our larger ongoing strategy of shedding slow-growth assets and investing in higher growth ones. As I mentioned earlier our CNET acquisition is at the heart of that long-term growth strategy. In order to give you greater transparency into this business, we have broken it out as a separate segment beginning this quarter. Interactive revenues for the third quarter were $141 million, up almost four-fold from a year ago. On a comparable basis, the CNET networks delivered quarterly revenues up 8% versus a year ago with display ad revenue up 14%. Year-to-date revenues for the entire CBS interactive segment on a comparable basis are up 10%. In terms of profits with CNET in the fold we swung from a loss of $11 million last year to a profit of $2.5 million. At the same time we have also dramatically expanded our platform of premium content and distribution across the Internet, mobile and other emerging platforms. To give you an idea of how fast we have built our internet presence, CBS interactive two years ago ranked 110 in unique visitors. Number 40 before CNET. Number eight immediately after the acquisition and we are number seven today making us number one among our peer companies that own a broadcast network.  While we are looking at CNET one of the areas where we saw great opportunity was our ability to cross-sell and to bring existing CBS advertisers into the higher growth online marketplace. I am very pleased with the progress we have made in the short-term resulting in new dollars in various categories. We are in the very early days of this segment. We have already exceeded the high end of our expectations in terms of public company costs with north of $20 million in savings and we still have a long way to go in realizing all of the cost synergies we expect. The underlying health of this business is very good and that comes through in the growth we are seeing in a very tough economy.  We expect fourth quarter results of interactive to have margins much more reflective of the segments potential and we will continue to focus on expanding the premium content and new distribution platforms that this business provides CBS.  Many of you have suggested that with asset values considerably lower today there may be some attractive acquisitions out there available. We will always look for growth opportunities but right now our focus in on operating our existing businesses. From the TV network to the online network content distribution are at the core of what we do. We have long believed and we will continue to believe that if we produce the best premium content and constantly seek out new ways to reach audiences and broaden distribution we can thrive over the long-term. We are clearly operating in a difficult environment but there are significant developments in our company that speak to our ongoing strengths.  As I said, CBS, CW and Showtime are at the top of their game. Our syndication pipeline is full and demand for the product is high. Retransmission consent fees will increasingly play a role as a second stream of revenue in our television segments. Our expanded interactive business is now the leading online performer for premium content distribution. Lets not forget that Simon & Schuster revenues and profits are climbing.  Financially we have a strong balance sheet and solid free cash flow and we are well equipped to operate in this environment and not lose sight of the bigger picture. Through it all we will continue to return value to our shareholders in the form of an attractive dividend.  Those are our highlights and now Ill turn it over to Fred Reynolds for some more remarks on our financial performance. 
Fred Reynolds: Thank you Leslie and good morning to all of you. Id like to first discuss the significant items in the third quarter and then give you some further information on the underlying performance of our businesses and finally discuss our balance of year expectations.  So lets start with our very healthy free cash flow which through the third quarter totaled nearly $1.4 billion. During the third quarter free cash flow was a $38 million use of cash compared to the third quarter 2007 when free cash flow provided over $265 million in cash. The drop in free cash flow of $304 million was due to $120 million lower adjusted operating income before depreciation and amortization and higher use of working capital during the third quarter. Also, higher capital spending of $34 million, largely due to higher spending at TV stations to complete replacement station facilities as the old facilities in Chicago and Los Angeles were sold in prior years and capital spending was also higher due to the United Kingdoms roll out of displays in the London Underground.  During the third quarter $35 million was spent for the London Underground roll out and we expect the London Underground capital spending project will be largely completed in the next 90 days.  On working capital in the third quarter of 2008 we used about $185 million more working capital than the third quarter 2007. The biggest portion of this increase was from the growth in our syndication net receivables of about $100 million, which were revenues we recognized in the third quarter from the off-network syndication of CSI: New York along with a significant increase in receivables from international syndication led by our CSI franchise versus a much lower level of syndication activity in the third quarter 2007.  As we have discussed in the past we always highlight quarters which have significant syndication activity as there is a timing difference between when we recognize revenues and when we see the cash.  The next working capital item has to do largely with the timing of program production spending. We used about $30 million more working capital in the third quarter 2008 versus last year and this was due to starting the 2008/2009 broadcast season a week later than last year. The higher working capital expense on these episodes is merely timing and will reverse in the fourth quarter as we air the episodes which were produced in the third quarter and recognize the ad revenues from their broadcast in the fourth quarter.  Turning to capital spending, for the full-year 2008 we now expect our capital spending to be slightly below $500 million which is below our previous guidance of this years capital spending of $500-550 million. As we have discussed over the last several quarters, our capital spending in 2007 and 2008 was at an all time high due to the accelerated spending to build out the London Underground, the timing of building replacement facilities for the TV stations I just mentioned and finally completing the enhancement of our high definition capabilities at the network and TV stations in anticipation of the countrys switch to digital in 2009.  Looking forward to 2009 we expect our capital spending to be much lower with capital spending returning to its historical levels. For 2009 we expect capital spending will be approximately $350 million for the year. This is again our historical level of annual capital investment which funds the needs of our base businesses and provides the necessary capital for attractive growth in this business such as expanding our billboards for outdoor.  Finally, we do expect to have free cash flow to be positive in the fourth quarter in 2008 and as you know typically the fourth quarter is a strong quarter for us.  Turning to the balance sheet, as you will note from todays earnings release we closed the third quarter with over $550 million of cash on the balance sheet. Our balance sheet remains very strong with leverage of 2.3 times operating income before depreciation and amortization and coverage ratio at 5.6 times our interest costs. Our gross debt of $7 billion has remained unchanged since January 1, 2006. All of our major initiatives such as buying back approximately $3.4 billion of our stock, acquiring the CNET network was funded from the excess cash received from divesting assets and free cash flow from operations.  Given the uncertainties of the current economic conditions we will continue to focus on free cash flow by accelerating the conversion of our revenues into cash, lowering capital spending and lowering our cash income taxes as the result of past tax planning strategies. We can assure all of you maintaining our strong balance sheet is our highest priority while also assuring our free cash flow from operations will remain strong. As we said at the outset, we are committed to continue to pay our very attractive dividend.  As Leslie mentioned, while we always look at growth opportunities, we believe the businesses we currently have are very attractive. They can grow and they will weather the current economic storm we are facing and we believe our businesses will be even stronger once the U.S. economy starts to rebound some time in 2009. We are totally focused on operating our existing businesses, generating strong free cash flow, keeping our balance sheet strong and even stronger into the future and returning attractive value to our shareholders.  As we also noted in todays earnings release we recorded non-cash impairment charge. After this charge our goodwill and intangible assets will total about $16 billion, down from approximately $28 billion at the end of 2007.  So now let me quickly turn to our business segments and discuss the underlying performance in the third quarter. First, our largest segment, television.  Television revenues for the third quarter were almost $2.1 billion, up 2% over the third quarter last year led by syndication to cable of our CSI: New York franchise. Time period advertising sales of the CBS network were down 12% for the third quarter versus last year. The decline in time period ad revenues was caused by over 9 hours of prime time preemptions in the third quarter for the two political conventions and one presidential debate which was aired in the third quarter. Also to add to the difficult comparison versus a year ago were prime time coverage of hurricanes Gustav and Ike and of course that lowered our overall audience ratings as we concluded the 2007/2008 season.  As Leslie noted earlier, we are in the start of a new broadcast season and CBS networks is off to a terrific start with strong ratings in all key demographics. With our relative ratings strength versus other broadcast networks has grown dramatically in our favor.  The television segment operating income before depreciation and amortization for the third quarter totaled $414 million, down from $487 million last year. The decrease in profits was due to lower time period sales at the network as I just discussed a soft advertising revenues at the local level and also $3 million of higher stock based compensation expense. Also, we had the TV station divestitures from the prior year.  Partially offsetting these items were the profits from the CSI syndication revenues which is recognized in the third quarter and strong subscriber growth at Showtime as we continue to benefit from their higher subscription fees.  Turning to radio, radios revenues of $393 million were down 12% from the third quarter last year. Now on a same station basis we were down about 11%. Radios operating income before depreciation and amortization of $139 million was down from last years $170 million. Approximately 40% of the decrease in OBITDA or about 12 million is due largely to divestiture of radio stations in the past. Also radios operating expenses for the third quarter were $23 million lower than a year ago on absolute terms. $23 million lower than a year ago as we continued to lower operating costs in light of the challenging local markets. Year-to-date over 480 headcount had been reduced by radio with almost 290 of the headcount being reduced in the third quarter as we continue to review opportunities to lower radios overhead and back room costs.  Turning to outdoor, the third quarter outdoor had revenues of $549 million, down $3 million or about 1% from the third quarter last year. North Americas outdoor revenues were $338 million, down about 4% from the third quarter of 2007. Lost contracts which we have mentioned in the past in Toronto and San Francisco accounted for half of the drop in North American ad revenues versus last year. Revenues for our billboard business were down slightly from last years third quarter.  International outdoor revenues for the third quarter were $211 million, up 5% over 2007s third quarter. International revenues were led by strong growth in China driven by the Beijing Olympics and in France and Holland. We had very strong revenue growth from our London Underground digital display business which saw digital ad revenues up over three-fold versus last years third quarter as advertiser accepting to this new display continues to be terrific.  Operating profit before depreciation and amortization in outdoor was $114 million in the quarter down from $154 million in the third quarter last year. North Americas operating profits before depreciation and amortization of $107 million was $27 million lower than the third quarter last year with again loss contracts in Toronto and San Francisco which were very profitable and the costs associated with hurricanes Gustav and Ike particularly in Texas accounting for about 1/3 of the drop in costs.  Severance costs were also higher in the third quarter in North America as they reduced their headcount by over 200 people.  Now with over half the headcount reductions occurring in the third quarter, higher billboard and display rent fees versus last year accounted for the balance of the decline in North Americas profit.  International operating income before depreciation and amortization was approximately $7 million, down $12 million from a year ago. Over half of the decline in profits was due to severance and restructuring costs as headcounts were eliminated in Europe during the third quarter as international continued to streamline its country overheads.  So lets wrap up our segment discussion with our newest segment, interactive, which includes a full quarter results on CNET networks which we acquired on June 30 of this year. Interactive revenues for the third quarter totaled $141 million and as Leslie mentioned that is up almost four-fold from a year ago. On a comparable basis third quarter revenues were up 6% with CNET networks display ad revenues up 14% over the third quarter of last year. As Leslie mentioned we are very encouraged by how CNET networks is performing and how quickly the interactive group and CNET have merged together.  The third quarter is the first full quarter together and we expect the CNET results to continue to be on track with our expectation of adding over two points to our total company future revenue and profit growth.  Turning to OBITDA, OBITDA for interactive in the third quarter totaled $2.5 million versus a loss of $11 million last year. Again, CNET is only included in the third quarter, not in prior periods. Included in the third quarter were severance costs on the CBS interactive side as overheads were eliminated as part of the merging of CBS and CNET together.  Operating income from interactive includes about $9 million of non-cash expense from the amortization of intangible assets such as trade names and trademarks. About 1/3 of this amortization is historical from the CBS interactive group with the balance coming from the allocation of CNETs purchase price between goodwill and intangible assets which have a determinable life.  Just a few more comments on the third quarter and then we will wrap up and get to your questions. Other items net as you notice there is a loss of $41 million which includes non-cash write downs of Westwood One and Spanish Broadcasting. The total non-cash write downs and other items net was $56 million. Earnings per share for the quarter came in at $0.43.  Finally, as you will note in the earnings release we reiterated our full-year business outlook which we announced several weeks ago. We will continue to operate our businesses by focusing on driving free cash flow and lowering costs especially in light of the uncertainty caused by the rapid slow down in the U.S. economy and its effect on our local businesses. Given the strength of the CBS network which has demonstrated in the first five weeks of the season to be the leader in all the key demographics as we just discussed, we can assure you that we are focused on delivering full-year results better than our guidance.  Thank you. Now if we can have the operator open the lines for your questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch. 
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch: I was just wondering can you talk about the tone of the scatter market in the fourth quarter and is there any benefit to the ratings growth you have enjoyed in the new season? Second, on Showtime are you scaling back at all on the films or can you comment on what is going on there? Then I wanted to ask Sumner since I know he is on the call, I know you dont want to talk about anything but if Viacom stock continues to go down how can we be sure you wont have to sell? 
Leslie Moonves:  Let me answer the first two questions that you talked about. The scatter market once again is not booming like in past years. There is some of it. The good news is because of the rating situation we feel like we are going to be the beneficiary of it. There is some, but as I said it is not what it has been in previous years. The great news is in the up front we sold a major large percentage of our inventory so we had a lot of volume. The good news is obviously no make-goods for us. With the scatters coming in they are targeting for CBS and the CW.  Showtime, as you know we made a deal with the Weinstein Company. We will have some movies from CBS film. Remember our deals with MGM and Lionsgate continue through the end of this year. We have all of those movies including the James Bond movie that is opening this week belongs to us. There are plenty of movies available. Once again our main focus for Showtime and our growth is in original programming. You will see an increase in original programming and probably somewhat of a decrease in the number of movies that we need to fill out what we are doing. There are plenty of available movies and we are going to be fine in our movie production.  Adam?
Adam Townsend:  With respect to the NAI situation if you can just appreciate the sensitivity of that and we will steer away from that for now if we can. 
Fred Reynolds:  On the scatter market, right now we are selling slightly above where we were up front and I think we are getting to Leslies point the credit that we are the place to be if you want to advertise. So far scatter pricing is hanging in there. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein. 
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: Is Sumner still available to answer questions if you get one? 
Andrew Townsend:  No, if we can just keep the questions focused here on the business. 
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: Fred, a question for you. I wonder if your dividend strategy is [higher pair] ratio on EPS versus based on the overall dividend for previous years. 
Fred Reynolds:  As we have said in the past I have always targeted a pay out ratio of around 50%. I view sort of earnings and free cash flow and I think free cash flow is a better measure because as you know now earnings has a lot of non-cash items in it like stock based compensation. Between the two we are focusing on kind of a 50% pay out ratio which is kind of where we have been and will be. We have always said that is kind of where we feel comfortable particularly in this environment. We feel comfortable with that. 
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: On outdoor, for the year you have seen double digit cost growth in outdoor which is alarming given the rate of declining revenues. I wonder why is that. I know you had some layoffs and some builds but why is cost growing so fast and what does it look like on the cost side of 2009 for outdoor? 
Fred Reynolds:  I think the biggest drivers were really the London Underground if you look at international. Thats where we have had the biggest growth and these new contracts, as we said, has higher cost and there is a little bit of a timing lag between as we roll out the digital displays which are some 3,000 or 3,500 and as we are really encouraged with the kind of revenue we are getting from them but there has beenunfortunately we had to pay the higher fees from the start and that is where we saw accelerated spending.  Domestically we have lost a lot of contracts because we wont bid higher such as San Francisco and Toronto where we bid as the incumbent would be a fair deal and someone bid higher so we are trying to manage those costs.  Absent the sort of billboard lease costs or London Underground franchise costs, the rest of the costs are down and they will continue to be managed down. In the quarter we did have a lot of severance costs in there, probably some $10 million in severance costs and we did have hurricane Gustav and Ike knock a few boards down so that was another several million dollars that is hopefully wont be recurring. 
Leslie Moonves:  Just to underline what Fred was saying when you do a deal like the London Underground it is a long-term deal. Obviously the beginning of the deal is more capital intensive. That will slow down as the revenues increase as the installations are completed there. So that is why it may look somewhat deceiving right now. 
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: On the network, which you said was down 12; I have covered the company for awhile. My estimate 12 is not a normal number. So if you look apples-to-apples and take away your prime time conventions and prime time debates can you give us a better sense of what you think the true organic change was for network? 
Fred Reynolds:  It was probably similar to the previous quarters. It was probably down mid to low single digits if you strip out all the one-time things. As you know the third quarter is the lowest ebbing quarter. Obviously going into year-ago, but we had because of the strike there was probably fewer originals that were being repeated for the first time. Some of them might be repeated for the third time. I would say we looked at kind of mid single digits to lower than that. 
Fred Reynolds:  And it was up against the Olympics. So by definition the ratings are going to be lower in the third quarter. The good news is we are going to be up in the fourth quarter. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Can you guys give us a sense of how sold out the CBS network is at this point for the fourth quarter? How much visibility do you have Fred when you say that you might be able to beat sort of the guidance you gave a few weeks ago? Is there any kind of color you can give us by ad categories or what you are hearing directly from advertisers that would be interesting because obviously people are still concerned that national might fall off a cliff here? Fred, do you have a sense for what percentage outdoor revenue was down for transit or municipal contracts? 
Leslie Moonves:  At the up front, we sold probably in the high 70s and cancellations were rather minimal, sort of a normal amount so we probably have the usual amount of scatter left, somewhere a little over 20%. As Fred said the numbers are up slightly in terms of scatter pricing to the up front and as I said it is all coming in to us. We are by far outperforming our peers so the scatter revenue we are confident we will get taken care of.  In terms of the advertising categories we have not seen a great slow down in national advertising. While obviously we have been affected by local our major categories are still hanging in there quite a bit. As each year gets and this is not very different, certain categories are up and certain categories are down but we are not seeing the effect nationally we are locally and we do not have that fear of that falling off the cliff. 
Fred Reynolds:  On the outdoor, largelyI dont have the precise numbers, probably 65-70% of our revenues from outdoor in North America come from billboards and that is growing as we get out some of these other contracts. That, as you know, is a high margin business and where the bulk of our revenues, at least 2/3 of our revenues, is. 
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: When you are talking about national categories with some ups and some downs but mostly hanging in there, are you worried that structurally the auto category is just going to be quite a bit lighter from this point on in Detroit? 
Leslie Moonves:  The auto category obviously has hurt our local television stations quite a bit and that is reflected in some of the numbers that we see. I cant imagine the auto category getting much worse than it is right now. I really cant. 
Fred Reynolds:  You have to remember that the world is now foreign manufacturers too like Toyota, Honda, BMW, Mercedes, they are actually picking up spending because they are gaining market share. Again, I dont think we can be myopic and just look at Detroit. We love Detroit and we want it to do well but I can tell you today our biggest advertiser is probably Toyota today than it is General Motors. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Michael Morris  UBS. 
Michael Morris  UBS : Just going into the categories again a little bit on the local side. We are very aware that autos are weak and it seems like we are pretty far into that cycle. Im trying to get a feel for where we are in the segment for other important categories, retailany other color you can provide on where you think we are in that cycle on the local side. Secondly, on the cost side it looks like costs of television were still up pretty healthy in the third quarter about 7%. Can you talk about what drove those costs up in particular given that revenue was up much less than that? Also, how should we think about variability and ad costs going forward? How much opportunity is there to control costs in the television segment? 
Fred Reynolds:  The reason the costs are up is really the syndication costs related to CSI: New York. Any time we have a syndication in a quarter you get a ballooning of revenues, you get a nice big chunk of profits but you also have the costs associated with it because it is not as high a margin as our ad revenue business which is largely an 85% margin business on the increment. So thats it. If you look at our programming costs they are down in absolute terms at the network. Our programming costs at the TV stations in the segment are down. The only blip in the quarter had to do with the CSI syndication. So that will be an anomaly that is only in this quarter.  Back to the other categories, auto is down at radio and TV but interesting auto is flat to slightly up at outdoor and auto is only about 8% in their category. Retail it depends on the region. Now we are in the biggest markets and like California is a very important market. They had retail like Mervyns go into chapter 11 and liquidation but Kohls came along and has heavy enough spending and guess what, spending more on our stations than Mervyns ever did. You have the haves and the have nots. The Wal-Marts of the world, the Targets of the world, the regional strong chains are spending more to gain market share as they see some vulnerable competitors. I would say retail is sort of mixed but I would say generally we are doing okay in that category. Telecom continues to be strong. Believe it or not the theatrical entertainment is doing well. Financial services is actually starting to pick up a bit because people are just changing their messages and of course we expect to have a big boom on that as there will be a lot of name changes as some of you well know. We think the Wachovias of the world will be changing their names and the Countrywides and others will be changing names as we go forward and that is always the local assets that will drive that.  Again, kind of mixed. Auto is down in most of our businesses and we expect it though to come back again. We think it is at the bottom. 
Michael Morris  UBS : Back on the cost side, if I were to take out the syndication costs where is the underlying growth trend? Is it still kind of low single digits? How much could we take out of that underlying core expense growth going forward? 
Fred Reynolds:  In the television segment you will see absolute costs grow zero to slightly negative in 2009 as it was in 2008 versus 2007 and actually 2007 was down versus 2006. We have had three years of lower costs. The only time it balloons and next year just to let you know we are going to have four major syndication items coming out so those quarters they hit those will go up but again so will the profits because they are very profitable undertakings. Our underlying business at the television network is television stations, Showtime costs are flat to down. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Doug Creutz  Cowen & Co. 
Doug Creutz  Cowen & Co. : Could you talk about the current funding of your pension plan and whether you think there is going to be any need for a capital injection to that given the current status of the markets? 
Fred Reynolds:  As you know if you follow us for awhile we have put in 2006 and 2007 we pre-funded over $400 million in the pension plan so our pension plan is still under funded in the qualified plan and at the end of last year, 2007, the qualified plan was a little under $350 million of under-funding. Now we have got over $3.4 billion of assets in the pension plan. About 70+% is in fixed income because as you know the plan comes from a historical from Westinghouse and other things because there are a lot of retirees, so those are largely 80+% in those plans in fixed income. So we dont have the vagaries of the equity market.  Clearly we watch this closely. I guess we look at the end of the year to see how we are doing. I guess at any one point in time I think through about two days ago year-to-date our pension assets were down 11%. Again, Im not as worried about that from a mark to market because again a lot of that is fixed income which is a mark to market. We have AA or AAA rated credits. None of the financial services business were part of our business. They were less than 2% of the assets in our pension plan so we had no real defaults. No real write downs. It is just mark to market. So well see how the market rebounds. We didnt redo it for yesterdays jump or two days ago jump. Obviously it is something we look at all the time. I have been managing this for 15 years and I feel we are in really good shape and the funding ahead of when we needed to but we measure at the end of the year. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Mark Wienkes - Goldman Sachs. 
Mark Wienkes - Goldman Sachs: Does your strong ratings performance at CBS and combined with the softer economy allow you to leverage in managing the programming talent costs at the network? How much flexibility do you think the studios will have in 2009 on that front? Secondly, can you just update us for your expectations for political revenue? How is it coming in Q3 and what do you expect for Q4? 
Leslie Moonves:  In terms of the talent costs obviously we have done a terrific job I think of managing our costs and managing our talent where nothing is out of hand. We are not in danger of losing anybody. Our ratings are terrific and we dont expect our costs to go up at all in terms of programming or talent costs and we have been managing it.  Political remains very strong. We expect overall and Fred you can break out the quarter but overall it will be somewhere in the neighborhood of $180 million. Obviously we benefited from last night withI wont get into the specifics but the Obama purchase of  hour did a very good job for us economically and I dont know how it is broken out by quarter. 
Fred Reynolds:  Leslie is right on. On a gross basis we are around $180 million. The third quarter came in around, which isnt as big because it only starts at Labor Day on. It is really October and the first four days of November. The third quarter was kind of about $90 million and we will book in the 35 days from October 1 until November 4 probably another $80 million or so. That is kind of where we will be for the year. Again that is on a gross basis. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Marci Ryvicker - Wachovia Securities. 
Marci Ryvicker - Wachovia Securities: We have heard chatter that some network advertisers have talked about pulling as much as 50% of their up front commitments in 2009. I just wanted to know what you are hearing from your advertisers regarding 2009. Secondly, can you give us the impact of foreign exchange on the international outdoor revenue and expenses? 
Leslie Moonves:  Whoever you heard that from about network advertising we havent heard anything remotely like that at all. As a matter of fact, cancellations from their up front purchases have been minimal. Actually above and I would say as good if not better than the last couple of years and every indication we have is they wont be up front. They are excited about 2009 and it should all break. That is not somethingI spent a lot of nights up thinking about a lot of things. That is certainly not one of them. 
Fred Reynolds:  On the foreign exchange it was very minimal in the third quarter on FX. Cost was about $1.7 million and that increased our cost but as you know the dollar strengthened against many currencies and it was minimal on revenue. So the net effect on OBITDA was less than $2 million. Pretty minor. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Jason Bazinet  Citigroup. 
Jason Bazinet  Citigroup: The effective tax rate after you feel all the adjustments in your reconciliation table for the quarter I think was just a touch above 30%. I was wondering if you could give us any color on what tax rate you see in the fourth quarter or for 2009 based on your initiatives? 
Fred Reynolds:  It is hard for me to predict 2009 at this point. I think as we gave sort of guidance I think we will kind of be in the year-to-date 35% versus last years 35.8% and I think that is kind of where we will be, in the 35% go forward. The only problem I have in the fourth quarter is we have to look at the mix between international which has a very low tax rate and I dont have that visibility now. I think 35% is kind of a good rate but again I really dont have a crystal ball on 2009. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Anthony DeClemente  Barclays Capital.
Anthony DeClemente  Barclays Capital : Back to this local versus national theme it does seem that national rather than getting dragged down in sympathy with the local weakness on the economy is actually widening its gap in that performance over and above local. If you could remind us of the top two or three reasons for that disparity in this recession that would be really helpful. I guess there are two schools going forward; that disparity could continue to widen or they can kind of revert back to local versus national performing more in sympathy with each other. Then one final question, I understand it is very difficult for you to comment on specific negotiations you are having with the larger MSOs but is there anything you can give us in terms of color on your expectations for retransmission consent fees or at least help us with the timing of when you will have something to report on that front? 
Leslie Moonves:  Let me deal with the second question first. Then Fred and I will both discuss the first question. In terms of the MSOs I dont want to go into details. We are obviously having ongoing discussions. They have been going on quite a while. Most of them are fairly positive. I think we were very encouraged by the recent [Lind] Time Warner deal that was made. Once again an acknowledgement by one of the largest MSOs it is important to pay that. So there are very fruitful discussions going on. I think you should hear more by the end of the year on some of these and we hope to have some of them concluded by then.  In terms of the local versus national, number one I dont necessarily subscribe to the gap necessarily will widen. I think national advertising on a network level certainly underlines the importance of network. It is the big tenth advertising that advertisers realize they cannot do without. The Olympics did very well. Our shows are doing very well, extremely well in the beginning. There is no place else you can reach 25 million at a pop and local is subject to much more competition between cable and certainly the internet which we are now benefiting on and that is certainly one of the reasons. 
Fred Reynolds:  I agree with Leslie. I just think that right now advertisers have pulled back on their total spending and they go where they are going to get their biggest pop for their dollar and that is the broadcast network and that is CBS. I do think that is going to continue in the short-term. Again, every competitor and every company has their strengths and weaknesses and that is where local has unbelievable value. You see that with political. It is another endorsement of why local works. Yes the network for the first time in a long time got some political, but it is very unusual and it hasnt happened in 30 years or whatever it is. Local works very well. I think this is a short-term reaction to advertisers saying I want to cut some spending but I want to drive market share. I will use the network and CBS network is getting the benefit of that but they will be back in local. I firmly believe with outdoor, radio and TV they will be back. That is the only way to win. Market by market, corner by corner and that is where people advertise.  Thank you very much. Well be around the rest of the day to answer any questions. 
Operator:  That does conclude todays conference. Wed like to thank you all for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-04 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Marty Shea - EVP of IR Sumner Redstone - Executive Chairman Leslie Moonves - President and CEO Fred Reynolds - EVP, CFO
Analysts: Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Marci Ryvicker - Wachovia Securities Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch Lee Westerfield - BMO Capital Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Jim Goss - Barrington Research Mark Wienkes - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the CBS Corporation's second quarter 2008 earnings release teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Marty Shea. Mr. Shea, please go ahead, sir.
Marty Shea: Thank you, Rufus. Good morning, everyone and thank you for taking the time to join us for our second quarter 2008 earnings call. Joining me for today's discussion are Sumner Redstone, our Executive Chairman who, I might add, is suffering from a bit of laryngitis, Leslie Moonves, President and CEO and Fred Reynolds our Executive Vice President and CFO. Sumner will have opening remarks and we will turn the call to Les and Fred for strategic and financial issues. We will then open the call up to questions. Let me note that statements on this conference call relating to matters, which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's news releases and security filings. A summary of CBS Corporation's second quarter 2008 results should have been sent to all of you. If you did not receive the results, please contact Poonam Desai at 975-3367 and she will get it to you. A webcast of the call, the earnings release and any other information related to the presentation can be found on CBS Corporation's corporate website at the address of cbscorporation.com and now I'll turn the call over to Sumner.
Sumner Redstone: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I'm going to begin by saying that CBS Corporation continues to be in a solid position with outstanding brands, world class core businesss and a strategy in place to deliver superior long-term performance. It's in the most difficult environments that an organizations underlying strength emerges. Looking back at the quarter's challenges, considering the difficulty we faced, I'm proud of what the CBS team was able to accomplish. As you all know, the economy is the midst of a slowdown. That slowdown has affected many sectors and many companies. While national business is holding up well, this softness in the marketplace is being felt mostly on the local level through no fault of management, this obviously, adversely affects CBS's local, radio and television stations. Most important, we are continuing to deliver on our promise to shareholders to generate strong cash flow, paying very attractive dividends while at the same time, expanding the reach of our terrific content to growing areas like the Internet and the emerging international markets. The CBS Corporation portfolio of assets, we say is best in class and it's getting even better with the adjustments that Les and his team make. The result is an evolving portfolio that will be very well positioned to strive over the long-term. And it's the long-term, that we are concerned about. I'm certain that you'll be pleased when you hear from Les, the strategy that we have worked out for CBS. I have no doubt that CBS Corporation will be successful for a very, very long time. And now, with my laryngitis, Les?
Leslie Moonves: Thank you Sumner.
Sumner Redstone: Its a pleasure to hand this over to you, to Les Moonves, whom I consider to be a great executive and particularly a good friend. Take it on Les.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you very much, Sumner. And good morning and welcome everybody. Thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to be with you once again to discuss our second quarter results. Today I will walk you through CBS's result and some highlights of our business segments and then I will turn it over to Fred for additional information and insight and then we'll be happy to take your questions. The company delivered revenues of $3.4 billion in the second quarter, up 1% from the same quarter last year, which we consider quite an achievement in today's economy. Top-line highlights from the quarter include strong performances from our international syndication businesses and our Outdoor businesses where we had revenue growth both in North America and abroad. At the same time, we are clearly challenged by the economic conditions affecting many industries, particularly as it pertains to our local businesses. This is affecting sales as well as OIBDA and operating income, both which were down from last year on the quarter. We posted an increase, however, in net income, helped by the sale of our stake in the Sundance Channel. And because of our stock buy back in the past year, our diluted EPS was up 11% to $0.61 versus $0.55 for the same period last year. What I'm most proud of is the fact that, even as we deal with the current environment and invest for growth, we continue to throw off very healthy levels of cash. Free cash flow of $464 million in the second quarter, and $1.4 billion in the first half, up 6% from first half of 2007. This enables us to pay our very attractive dividend of $0.27 per share, and we have a strong balance sheet and sufficient cash on hand to not only continue to pay and grow our dividend, but also to manage our businesses effectively and keep investing for future growth. Before going into our individual segments, I want to discuss several strategic actions we've taken during the quarter to position our company for superior long-term growth. First, we took a couple of major steps forward in our strategy to shift our asset mix out of slow-growth businesses and into higher growth areas. Today, we are announcing our intention to divest 50 mid-sized market radio stations. By selling these slower growth stations, we can focus on the larger markets that are showing some real growth, thanks to the successful reformatting and programming changes we've undertaken. Our top stations nationwide did very well in the second quarter and we expect they will continue to do so, given our new strategy. Our current intention is to use the proceeds from the divestiture to buyback shares. We also acquired CNET Networks. Now and into the future, CBS is about content and distribution. CNET provides us with both dramatically expanding our premium online content and greatly improving our reach among the most important demographics in the fastest growing advertising marketplace. Going forward, we will be a major player in the newest and most important distribution platform for premium content. There are immediate financial benefits as well. CNET Networks was forecast to make about $450 million in revenues this year and nearly $100 million in profit and they are on track to do that. So combining CNET with our CBS Interactive business contributes to both our top and bottom lines in 2008, and is immediately accretive to both cash flow and earnings. As we look to the future, we expect it will add at least two percentage points to our base business revenue and profit growth rates. More about this important new business in a few minutes. So, from our sale of radio stations to our investment in interactive businesses, clearly show that we are moving in the right direction for growth. In addition to shifting our asset mix, we took key steps, during the quarter to reduce our expense base across the board to offset the advertising slowdown, we are seeing in local markets. We've been doing that throughout this year with particular focus on our TV and radio stations and Outdoor. We continue to look at every one of our businesses to make sure we have both the appropriate cost structure and the growth focus to outperform as the marketplace improves. Fred will go into this a bit more, later. And finally, we raised our dividend again in the quarter, our sixth increase in 2.5 years. We were able to take this action because of our strong free cash flow. Free cash flow is one of the most important ways that we measure our success and at a time, when other companies are cutting or suspending their dividends, as they try to shore up their balance sheet, we will continue paying and increasing our dividends. We feel very good about our ability to keep generating healthy cash flow and return value to shareholders. These key strategic actions, shedding slower growth businesses to focus on higher growth areas, greatly reducing expenses and returning value to shareholders with attractive dividends, are the ways we can continue to deliver on our promise and position CBS for superior long-term performance. Our company is in good shape today, even with this economy and through these actions we will be in even better shape going forward. Now, on to the business segments beginning with television. Television revenues were up 2% in the quarter to $2.2 billion, but OIBDA and operating income were down 10% and 12%, respectively. Again largely, due to softness in local advertising marketplace at our TV stations. Network advertising is continuing to perform better than that. The upfront sales process concluded during the quarter and once again, CBS was the market leader in volume with high single digit CPM increases. At a time when advertisers need to make every marketing dollar count, Network Television remains the best game in town, and this year's strong upfront reinforces our faith in this areas long-term prospect. In addition, scatter pricing remains very strong, ahead of the up front, another encouraging sign for network. The local television marketplace however, is experiencing a more profound impact from the current economic environment. Automotive accounts for the largest share of local advertising has been the hardest hit. The good news is that political dollars are helping fill that gap somewhat. They continue to come into our stations at a record pace in this historic election year. We expect big spending through convention season and all the way to election day. It should be a very interesting campaign and we expect to reap the benefits from that. There were several bright spots in television this quarter at our syndication group, CBS television distribution. We had another outstanding quarter, particularly on the international front where demand for our content continues to be very high. As you saw in our release this morning, syndication sales were very good and TV licensing fees were up 35%. Domestically, after successful off-network sales of Ghost Whisperer and Criminal Minds, we're preparing numbers for the off-net marketplace. Our international story is even better. Our new international self-distribution deal for the very valuable CSI franchise is the key driver of the quarter syndication group results. We are also seeing healthy international sales and license fees for all of our current and new content. Our Showtime series are very popular internationally as well. Strong sales of shows like "Californication" and "Dexter", not only support our investment in new Showtime original programming, they also drive sales across platforms like DVD sales and iTune downloads. Speaking of Showtime, our premium pay cable operation, just keeps getting better and better. We've added nearly 1.4 million new subscribers in the past year as more and more people are drawn to our terrific original programming. These increased subscribers dollars drop right to the bottom line. The shows that premiered this summer have hit their highest audiences that Showtime has ever seen, including "Weeds", which had the highest opening audience in Showtime's history. Showtime also just received 21 Emmy nominations for groundbreaking shows like "Weeds", "Californication", "This American Life", Tracey Ullman's "State of the Union", "The Tudors" and "Dexter", and we are thrilled to be bringing inside the NFL to Showtime this fall. This great franchise will only be enhanced by the long-term CBS Sports NFL affiliation and also show the synergies that exist between our divisions. Showtime has been busy filling its movie pipeline at very favorable terms. We recently made a seven year exclusive film distribution deal with the Weinstein Company. That will deliver up to 95 films to our Showtime subscribers, and between the Weinstein Company and our own CBS film output and other deals to come, we'll have more than enough quality, theatrical releases to supplement Showtime's original programming and going forward, and at significantly lower costs than we've had in the past. Across our television businesses we feel confident about the work we are doing to produce and distribute premium content in the network and paid channel areas. We truly are a content engine, building our presence internationally, across networks, and in the premium cable space, and tapping into all of the revenue streams available to us. Turning to radio, where as I've said, we intend to divest about 50 mid-sized market stations. We continue to see proof that focusing on better content in our largest radio markets is working. The 15 major market stations that have recently been reformatted, have together dramatically improved their profits, under scoring radios' potential. Again, divesting our mid-sized radio stations will allow us to focus on this opportunity. Another radio growth area in the quarter was political advertising. As with our TV station, political revenues achieved record levels during the quarter, a trend we expect to continue through year-end. And we are making progress with our online initiatives in radio as well. With our AOL deal underway, we are selling inventory on additional 250 radio stations nationwide, and have doubled our streaming audiences at our major stations. We are also excited to have our radio stations streaming on the new iPhone. This is a key example of how we are taking our core content and putting it on new technology platforms to reach a broader audience. We know if we can improve our performance in radio, it will mean a lot for the company and our shareholders, and I want to assure you that Dan Mason and his outstanding team are making the adjustments necessary to focus on the opportunity at our large market stations and best capitalize on long-term growth prospects. At Outdoor, we closed on our acquisition of IOA, the largest outdoor company in South America, early in the quarter, and it is already exceeding expectations. This important new asset greatly expands our presence in a growing vibrant marketplace. It is also consistent with our goal of accelerating growth by focusing on the most promising area. Beyond South America, we're also seeing strong growth across most of our international markets. In North America, we are also growing as we continue to have success, moving out of the lower margin transit business and into higher margin billboards. And digital continues to play an important role in our Outdoor business. Demand is very high for digital displays in iconic locations like Sunset Boulevard in Hollywood and Times Square in New York. International advertisers have been interested in our creative digital strategies, like cross track projection and digital boards placed along escalators in the London Underground which can be quickly and cost effectively updated with a touch of a control room button. It brings me next to Interactive. As you know this is an integral part of our long-term growth strategy. Acquiring CNET immediately catapults CBS to the top 10 among global internet companies by unique visitors. Our newly expanded CBS Interactive business is ranked eighth today, versus 24 prior to the acquisition, with 160 million users worldwide and leading online brands across every important category.  We like the upside of the new CBS Interactive going forward and its core CBS is a premium content and distribution company and adding CNET's stable of sites in news, technology, business, entertainment, video gaming and other areas, adds tremendous complimentary reach, where consumers are increasingly spending their time. Right now most online revenue is generated from search, but engagement, the amount of time consumer spend with their favorite content, leads to significant revenue opportunities. We believe as the Internet develops as the new medium, advertising will follow engagement, and premier content site like ours would be the best bet to reach consumers online. The reach for promoting CNET through CBS properties can be truly dynamic. Let me give you an example of our success so far integrating CNET and making this happen. When iPhone 3G launched this month, we aggressively used CBS properties to drive traffic to CNET. CNET editors made appearances that aired more than 30 times on CBS shows including The Early Show, Entertainment Tonight, and many local TV and radio programs, and when we added video content from The Early Show to CNET's iPhone launch coverage that day, video streams and organic search traffic on CNET sites tripled. This is precisely the kind of success that we had years ago, when we bought sportsline.com and began promoting it on CBS Sports. The mass reach provided by broadcast television and our other core businesses are some of the greatest weapons we have to drive traffic online and we can apply the promotional power of all of our CBS properties to all of our new interactive ones. At the same time, CNET's broad reach is helping our existing businesses too. In July alone, CNET sites have delivered more than 200 million impressions promoting CBS brands. All of these cross platforms initiatives offer tremendous opportunities for our clients. The good news is that, CBS and CNET do not currently share many top advertisers. Our main focus right now is offering both sets of advertisers, new ideas to work with all of our properties. Once again, the advertising clout of CBS will certainly help CNET, or as it's now referred to the new CBS Interactive group, which will cause it to grow tremendously. The same time CBS Interactive is exploring third party partnerships to achieve incremental revenue from the sale of our network inventory. I look forward to updating you on new developments in this regard and their financial impact in the coming months. I'm excited about all we are doing to build this business and create new growth opportunities for the company. Our stated goal is to reach $1 billion in CBS Interactive revenues within the next three years from this year's mid $600 million mark, recognizing its value to our company, and its different growth profile, we will be begin breaking Interactive out as a separate segment in the third quarter. When we do, you'll see just how big a part CNET's many global destinations and users play in our newly expanded interactive business, and how central it is to achieving our growth goals. In conclusion, from TV, to radio, to Outdoor, to Publishing, to Interactive, I believe we are taking the right steps to perform well in the current environment, and position our company for impressive long-term growth. We are adjusting our asset portfolio, shedding slower-growth assets like mid-market radio stations, and acquiring businesses in higher growth areas like CNET and IOA. At the same time we are being very disciplined in cutting costs, continuing and in certain cases, accelerating efforts begun early this year, long before market conditions became evident. Finally we are staying focused on our shareholders, our businesses continue to generate strong free cash flow, and we are committed to paying very attractive dividends and looking at the potential of a share buy back. Yes, the economy is tough right now. But we are managing our businesses effectively, focusing on improving both efficiency and growth. And as soon as the marketplace improves, we are going to be ready and in a position that capitalizes on the upturn. Now, I'll turn the call over to Fred Reynolds for some more remarks on our performance. Fred?
Fred Reynolds: Thanks, Leslie and good morning to all of you. Let me first discuss the second quarter and first half financial highlights and then provide additional information on our operating performance including free cash flow, our balance sheet and our plan to change our portfolio of businesses to drive growth. Revenue for the second quarter totaled almost $3.4 billion, up 1% over last year second quarter. Strong growth in our license fee revenues from domestic and international syndication, along with the timing of airing the NCAA Final Four games, drove our second quarter revenue growth. Offsetting some of our revenue growth, however, were lower revenues at radio and TV stations, due to divestiture of stations, a decline in same station ad sale, and that's what caused us to offset some of that growth. At the CBS Network, time period sales were down 2.9% versus last year's second quarter. Turning to profits. Adjusted operating income before depreciation and amortization, which excludes stock-based compensation expense and restructuring charges was $802 million for the second quarter, down 10% from last year at this time. The drop in adjusted OIBDA was due to a shift in our revenue mix, from very high margin ad revenues to syndicated revenues. Now, our margins from syndicated revenues are still very attractive, however they are not as high as our traditional ad revenues. On the operating cost and overhead front, we have aggressively reduced our operating expenses in 2008, by almost $150 million. And we have taken almost $48 million of restructuring charges as we reduced headcount across the company. Most of the reductions have been at our local businesses; radio, TV stations and Outdoor, which as Leslie just mentioned, are experiencing some softness in their ad revenue due to the slowing US economy. We will continue to focus aggressively on reducing all of our costs, especially at the local businesses. During the second quarter we sold our 37% ownership in the Sundance Channel and recognized a pre-tax gain of $127 million, which is reflected in other items net. The gain increased our second quarter earnings per share by $0.12. Now reported net earnings for the second quarter were $408 million, which is up 1% over the second quarter last year. Our reported diluted earnings per share for the second quarter totaled $0.61 versus $0.55 last year, an 11% increase as we benefited from last years share repurchase program, which reduced our diluted shares outstanding by almost 8% compared to the second quarter last year. Free cash flow for the second quarter was $464 million and as we noted on our call in the first quarter, some of the very strong free cash flow we enjoyed in the first quarter was due to some timing between the two quarters. So, if we look at the first half of 2008, which is a better measure of the strength of our free cash flow, free cash flow was over $1.4 billion, up 6% over last year comparable period. We continue to drive our working capital usage down, increasing the speed at which we turn our accounts receivable into cash. Our company has a strong history of driving free cash flow, and as you will note, we ended the second quarter with over $800 million of cash on the balance sheet and that is after our all-cash acquisition of CNET. Our balance sheet remains very, very strong. Our leverage is at the low end of the conservative range, which we believe is prudent given the overall US economic environment and the somewhat fragile state of the credit markets. As Leslie mentioned, we are committed to returning value to shareholders. Since the second quarter 2007, we have raised our dividend 23% from $0.22 a share per quarter to the current $0.27. We believe dividend increases best signaled our confidence in our ability to produce strong free cash flow in the future, coupled with maintaining a very strong balance sheet. Turning to other key highlights in the quarter. On the last day of the second quarter we closed on the acquisition of CNET. Our balance sheet at the end of the quarter reflects a preliminary value for CNET. In the third quarter, as we just mentioned, we will report the results of operations of our interactive businesses including CNET, as a separate segment. And as Leslie just mentioned, we are off to a terrific start integrating CNET into our CBS business. CNET scale and brands provide us with an invaluable platform to dramatically accelerate our growth in the fast growing interactive market. We have quickly capitalized on eliminating organizational overlaps, eliminated their public company cost, and are in the process of melding together brands and sales teams. We also announced today, our plan to divest 50 radio stations in 12 markets. Our stations in these medium-sized markets are competitively well positioned. However, as we have discussed, we are focused on the top markets, where we are seeing solid operating improvements in the changes our radio team has made. Divesting these 12 markets would add about two percentage points to radios revenue growth based on the most recent months. Our large markets have much deeper and diverse economy and we believe give us the most upside for future growth on air, online and in the broader interactive market such as mobile. We believe we can attract very good after-tax values for these 50 stations from strategic buyers and we'll keep you posted on the results of our divestiture efforts. Our strategy over the last few years has been to upgrade our portfolio by divesting, for very good values, the slower growing business, and using the proceeds to acquire attractive, fast growing businesses, and importantly returning cash to shareholders by the way of increased dividend and share buy back. As Leslie mentioned, our intention is to use the value we receive from divesting these stations to reduce our shares outstanding. Now, let me briefly update you on some additional information on our segment performance in the second quarter. First we'll talk about the television segment, television revenues were $2.2 billion, up 2%, led by international syndication revenues, primarily CSI franchises along with strong syndication revenues for NCIS, and Numb3rs, and airing again of the Final Four basketball game, drove our revenue growth in the second quarter. Also our affiliate revenues for Showtime and CBS college sports were up 5.4%, as Showtime added almost 1.4 million subscribers, a 10% increase in the subscriber base since June of last year, and college sports added 1.5 million subscribers. Operating income for the television segment for the second quarter totalled $496 million, down 10% from the second quarter last year. And as I mentioned at the outset, the shift in revenues from non-sports ad revenues to revenue from syndication, the airing of the final four games, and higher stock-based compensation expense reduced television segment's operating profit before depreciation and amortization. Turning to radio, radio's second quarter revenues of $416 million were down 10% from last year second quarter, as declines in the same-station ad sales and previously divested stations lowered our revenues. On the same-station basis, revenues were down 9% for the second quarter of last year. As we noted on the earnings call last time, we continue to see improvement in growing revenues in our top markets. For the month of July, which is just concluding today, revenues for 50 stations in our top market were up in growth over last year's revenues at the same time. Radio's operating income before depreciation and amortization for the second quarter totaled $159 million, down 15% a year ago, again, divesting radio stations and the drop in same-station ad sales lowered our radio profits versus last year. Next Outdoor, Outdoors revenues for the second quarter totalled $598 million, up 8% over second quarter of '07. North America sales on an as reported basis grew plus 2%, however when you take into account two very profitable municipal contracts that we were unable to renew at appropriate values, lowered our North American growth rate by 2%. International Outdoor was up 18% in revenues, led by strong results from the United Kingdom and France coupled with the weak US dollar. Operating income before depreciation and amortization for Outdoor was down 9% in the second quarter versus last year. However, international operating income before depreciation and amortization increased 9% over last year to approximately $27 million. North America OIBDA of $127 million decreased 12%, due to higher transit and billboard lease costs, the municipal transit contracts, which we were not able to review and $2.6 million of restructuring charges that we took in this current second quarter. IOA, our group of billboard businesses in South America, which we acquired in April, is off to a terrific start, exceeding our profit expectations. IOA is part of our International Outdoor division, as part of all of Outdoor. Finally, as you'll note in today's earnings release we have updated our business outlook for 2008. We expect to grow adjusted operating income before depreciation and amortization low single digit over 2007, with operating income comparable to year ago. Our outlook excludes the growth and operating income before depreciation amortization that we expect from the acquisition of CNET to provide, and excludes the impact of the additional station divestitures, which we just mentioned. While the US economy has slowed since the first quarter, largely affecting our local businesses, we have taken numerous actions to lower our operating cost and we will continue to look for opportunities to reduce cost, but also invest in businesses we believe will add to profit growth both today and into the future. We are very focused on managing our businesses through this economy and we believe the various actions that we've taken will produce even stronger profit margins and higher growth in the future. With that, I think we'd like to turn the call over the operator, so we can open up the lines for your questions. And operator Rufus, if you open the call, that would be great.
Operator: Thank you, sir. (Operator Instructions) And for our first question, we go to Michael Nathanson with Sanford Bernstein.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: Two for, Fred. You didn't say, but can you give us what the update was for local station revenue for TV in the quarter? And then can you take out cost as fast as the revenue declines, give me a sense what the stations did in the quarter?
Fred Reynolds: Second quarter, the TV station were down versus last year. We don't break out the complete comparables, but they were down. As you probably know, the second quarter has the least amount of political. Its very strong in the first quarter, strong in the third, and strong in the fourth, which we are starting to see build. So, stations were pacing down versus last year. And on the cost, can we take out cross faster? As you know Michael, ad revenue has a high margin; I don't think that's possible. As you look at this business as you have, our costs have always been flat to down. We've taken out $150 million that will reduce cost in 2008 and we are still looking at areas of opportunity to take costs out.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: Would you say revenues were single digits or double digits decline?
Fred Reynolds: I am not going to comment on the comparable sales.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Can I ask Les, one. How big is the revenue base and the OIBDA base of the businesses that, stations that you're divesting in radio, what percentage of the overall base is that and have those revenues grown at similar rates as the large stations overtime?
Leslie Moonves: Let me turn that over to Fred.
Fred Reynolds: Michael, it's a little bit fluid on as far as what stations we are going to sell. We've identified the market. This would be roughly $300 million in revenue and about $100 million in operating profit before depreciation. So it's probably, 15% or so of the radio revenue and about 10% to 12% of its profit of the segment.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: Thank you.
Operator: For our next question, we go to Douglas Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank. Mr. Doug Mitchelson, your line is open.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Sorry, can you hear me? We are almost on the new broadcast season with the disruptions we had in the pilot season. I know you talk a little bit on the last call. Can you give a sense of your level of optimism for ratings this upcoming season? And can you guys subdivide the network ad market between sports and your prime time entertainment? It seems like sports have been strong. Can you just aggregate those two categories?
Marty Shea: Sure. We left the strike CBS and we hit the grown running frankly and we ended up having more pilots done than anybody else, and frankly if you just left the television critics association, they were very pleased that we were able to show them our new product, which I'm very high on. Post strike, our ratings began to come back. Everybody is encouraged, Network television is up over the summer months, which is a very encouraging sign. And I think everybody in the world underestimated, what the upfront marketplace would be. We had all heard that it was going to be flat, and it wasn't. It was up for everyone in terms of CPMs and also volume was exactly where we wanted it to be and about where it's been in previous years. The sports marketplace continues to be very strong, but so does Prime Time. We are pacing extremely well with football as we head into the fall. We are very pleased with those numbers. We had an extremely good year last year with football and we are doing even better this year. And once again, judging from how the ratings came back post strike and how they've achieved over the summer and the quality of our products right now, as I've said, we have five new shows which I'm very encouraged and I would arguably say this is the best development we've had in about five years from my point of view, ironic since we have less of an amount of time, we spent less money on it, so maybe we learned a lesson from that. But I am guardedly optimistic that this network season is going to be a great improvement over last year.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Right, thanks.
Operator: We'll go next to Marci Ryvicker with Wachovia Securities.
Marci Ryvicker - Wachovia Securities: Thanks, I have two questions. The first for the radio station sales announced today. Have you identified potential buyers and can you talk about a specific timeframe in which you want to do this, especially given the economy? And then secondly, in the Outdoor division, I think the press release said, there was 4% organic growth. Does that include or exclude IOA?
Fred Reynolds: Okay. Marci, this is Fred. On the radio stations, as we've said, these are very attractive mid-sized markets and we have been in preliminary discussions with some strategic buyers. So, they will be very attractive to market. I am not going to explain on the phone now, because again, it's a little bit fluid as to, there's a series of buyers that would be interested in this and we've had preliminary discussions with them. On the Outdoor, that is without IOA. Organic is without acquisitions or divestitures. So, that 4% was without the lost contracts or IOA.
Marci Ryvicker - Wachovia Securities: Thank you.
Fred Reynolds: Sorry, on timing, as soon as we can get the radio stations. With the way approval process goes with the federal communication commission, my guess is this would probably, if we struck a deal within the next 30 days or so, we wouldn't close until sometime in the first quarter. Maybe it could slip depending on the timing. The deals we just did last year took, on average, about seven or eight months for the approval process. We don't expect problems but it takes a little bit longer.
Operator: We'll go next to Jessica Reif-Cohen with Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch: A couple of questions, unrelated. First, I was just curious with the radio sales proceeds being marked for buybacks, why only buybacks, why not acquisition in this environment? There must be a lot of opportunity around? Okay, go ahead.
Leslie Moonves: I was going to say look, we don't rule out the possibility. As Fred mentioned, we bought CNET and we still have $800 million in cash on the balance sheet. When these divestitures happen, we are going to have a lot more money. If there's a great opportunity and there's a great value that fits into our game plan, of course we will look at that and look at it very seriously. What I don't think people understand is our free cash flow continues to be very powerful. So, we are able to do acquisitions, and do dividends, and do buybacks and we will continue to be able to do that.
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch: And Les, another one for you. In the up front, was there anything unusual in terms of the commitments? Was more money deferred to calendar quarters one, two and three of '09 versus the fourth quarter of this year?
Leslie Moonves: Not really. It was a much more ordinary process than anybody anticipated. As we mentioned in our comments, clearly the mainstream network, the broad tent, is benefiting ironically from some of the local slowdown. So, when you look at the quarterly designation, it's not really drastically different from any other year.
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch: And the last question is, I guess for Fred. What is in the new interactive division besides CNET?
Leslie Moonves: Well, it's all the old CBS properties as well. CBS, the former sportsline, CBSsports.com, CBS.com which is our entertainment site, the audience network, as well as our news site,s plus LastFM, have all melded very nicely. And as Fred mentioned, we are extremely pleased with how the integration is going. It really is rather seamless and they are off to the races and the structure is in place and there was very little crossover and we think it's moving along very quickly.
Fred Reynolds: Jessica, I would add that, those CBS properties, as we sort of said, are kind of north $200 million of revenue so you would add on a full year basis, add you would add on CNET, that is the 600 plus number that Leslie referred to in his comment.
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Anything needs to be reinstated from prior periods?
Leslie Moonves: Well, as you break out the segment as you know, we will have all comparable periods reported in third quarter, so you'll see third quarter '07 on a comparable period. Of course, 2007 wouldn't have CNET in it because we don't do pro formas, but we'll give you enough information so that we can provide an equivalent without getting into the forbidden pro forma world, what it would have been with CNET.
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Leslie Moonves: We will inform you, if we get that information.
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: We go next to Lee Westerfield with BMO Capital.
Lee Westerfield - BMO Capital: Thank you. Actually Fred, little more color on the radio potential sale. Two questions here. First, are you prepared to treat them as discontinued ops at this point? Is it not yet based upon the identification of the assets? And second, these assets as they may be sold, are they at a zero cost basis at this stage or what is the tax base we should think of?
Leslie Moonves: Thanks, Lee. We will not be in discontinued Ops because the rules would not allow us to do that because this is really a division within an individual market. Actually, these have a decent tax base, its not as much as youd like. As you know, we are very tax efficient driven, so there may be some structures that we want to keep the most dollars after tax. The tax basis, this group of stations is kind of in the $400 million to $500 million range of tax basis. Obviously, we think we'll get good values for that so there would be a tax leakage. We don't want to have tax leakage, if there's a structure that will mitigate some of that.
Lee Westerfield - BMO Capital: Thank you.
Leslie Moonves: Sure.
Operator: We go next to Benjamin Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Good morning, thanks for taking the question. I'll ask two if I can. One, on the new CBS Interactive, maybe you can talk about revenue synergies as you bring the CBS sales force over to the CNET properties, what categories are you targeting that you can build more online sales on and how does the CPM differences between sort of the premium stuff you've been selling on CBS digital compared to CNET and how do you see that blended rate tracking overtime? And then second, any update on retransmission? I think you have some contracts with some of the larger public cable operators coming up next year. Any update in the current environment of how you are thinking the benefit to CBS there?
Leslie Moonves: Sure. Thanks, Benjamin. In terms of the CNET integration, what we are doing is we've established certain verticals in our premium content areas i.e., we have the CNET, which is technology, we have BNET which is business. Our news division, CBSnews.com, will fit into with CNET. Our entertainment properties can go together seamlessly. The cost benefits that we are seeing, now that we have a sports presence into the games spot presence into the BNET, means we can sell demographics much more efficiently and the CPMs together will work extremely efficiently and be much high are than they've been before for either grouping. In addition we have set up a structure with the sales heads, report directly to the GMs of their verticals, plus we have set up a sales force where the CBS Television Network is involved with their sales force as well as synergistic opportunities amongst the various verticals at CNET or at the new CBS interactive group. But we are able to get extreme synergies in terms of that. And the good news is that it seems to be working extremely well with the new brands fitting very well into these verticals.
Fred Reynolds: I would just add Leslie that clearly, we think there's some opportunities. We have well positioned with CBS with the auto manufactures, with pharmaceuticals, with financial services, and yet if you look at CNET, that's the audience they attract, particularly on CNET.com, and they are not as strong with that. They are selling more towards like the Dells and the Microsofts of the worlds, and the Googles, those more on the tech side. Yet those users, we think there's going to be a great crossover. We are already seeing it, Neil Ash and his team are welcoming the access that we give them. Also, to your point, CBS Interactive sells very high value video, which is in the $25 to $30 CPM and CNET doesn't have as much video. Today they will as we go forward, so they have a large sales force selling at a lower rate, probably in the $10 to $15 CPM range, but it's a very attractive sales force, where we have a smaller sales force selling high. That's why we love what Leslie just said, we love blending the two together because we get the best of both worlds.
Leslie Moonves: When we were looking at the acquisition and compared the top 20 advertisers of both CBS Interactive and CNET, there were only three that were on both lists. So, there's great opportunity for introducing new clients on both sides of the fence, who are very excited about making a larger buy with us, which makes the synergies happen. In terms of the [re-trans], we are in active discussions with some of the larger guys and we are very confident, they are progressing along very nicely. We don't make a big deal out of it. Over the last year, we've done 25 of the smaller MSOs. We are in conversations with the larger ones and very productive conversations. So, I'm guardedly optimistic its going all go well without making a whole lot of noise, except at the end of the day there will be more revenue for the CBS Corporation.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thank you very much.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you.
Operator: We go next to Jim Goss with Barrington Research.
Jim Goss - Barrington Research: Thank you, couple if I might. First with regard to Outdoor, one of the strengths I believe of CBS Outdoor has been in its international operations, it's been focused on a couple of key markets. As you move into another market, I wonder should my comment on the balance between domestic and international that you see ultimately and the focus in concentration of the international markets? And then secondly, with regard to the radio station deals, lately evaluation and buyer financing issues have really posed an impediment in getting deals done and I am wondering if you might comment on the time frame and the challenge of getting that accomplished and what the timeframe might be?
Fred Reynolds: Yes. Jim, this is Fred. Our international versus domestic in Outdoor, we want both to grow quickly. Clearly, internationally, we are focused. Our biggest enterprise is in the United Kingdom with the London Underground and we have the quiet enjoyment of that relationship for a number of years into the future. What you see with international Outdoor advertising, IOA, is that we think South America is going to be fast growing. In Argentina, they have a strong position, Brazil and Chile. It's a billboard market, which has a really good margins, so we'd like to grow that. But the biggest business is always be North America anchored by the United States. We still have a lot of growth, particularly in the billboard business in the United States. Everything is turning into digital, and the progress we are seeing on digital like in the United Kingdom, where we have several thousands displays up now, is that the advertisers are really coming to us in droves. The revenue that we are earning on that is up dramatically year-on-year. So, it's changing the medium that way. On radio, clearly, with the strategic buyers, there's a number of ways, either through financing or other kind of structured deals, where we think we can get the value that, after tax that we need. And again, I'd say we are shooting to have the deals wrapped up sometime in the first to second quarter of next year with full approval. So, that is the time line.
Leslie Moonves: Jim, you never know how quickly the SEC is going to act on these things. We are optimistic in that this can move fairly quickly once we've ascertained how we are going to do it.
Fred Reynolds: Rufus, we have time for one more question.
Operator: And that question will come from Mark Wienkes with Goldman Sachs.
Mark Wienkes - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Back to Outdoor real quick, are there significant differences in large market results by regions in the billboard business specifically, non-transit. We're hearing the average contract duration is still shortening, the deals of booking later. So, if you talk to the health of the local versus the national advertising as you look ahead and then a follow-up on the digital side.
Fred Reynolds: Mark, this is Fred again. Listen, the big markets are growing pretty well, and we tend to be in big markets not only in Outdoor but the other. Outdoor doesn't get a lot of national business anyway; it's a lot of local business. We have not been hurt by any of the real estate or home building. We have a very low presence in that. We never have, because we're in the major markets. But we are seeing a lot of good movie business. We are seeing auto in the Outdoor category in the United States actually up and it has been up. So, no, I don't think there's that dichotomy like you see in the broadcast assets between national being strong and the local businesss slowing. You don't see that in Outdoor.
Mark Wienkes - Goldman Sachs: And I guess to switch gears here; the 1.4 million net new cable subs you talked about, are they coming in the international markets such that the affiliate revenue growth was just 5%?
Fred Reynolds: No, That's Showtime, which is domestic, its domestic here through our regular MSOs. Showtime is the domestic premium cable service, and we really believe that through the Weeds and the Dexter and the Tudors and the quality of our programming that more and more people are signing up for subscribers.
Mark Wienkes - Goldman Sachs: How do we think about the 5% bump in affiliate revenue versus the 10% increase in subs? It's just a stage until the affiliates ramps up?
Leslie Moonves: Well, yes. Clearly that's right because we will have a full year effective in the $1.4 million yet, but we will as we build on that base.
Fred Reynolds: In addition Mark, that includes college sports, which is obviously at a much lower rate of growth financially than Showtime.
Mark Wienkes - Goldman Sachs: Got it, okay. Thats great, thank you.
Fred Reynolds: Thank you.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you very much everyone. We'll be around for the rest of the day to answer any more questions.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the CBS Corporation second quarter 2008 earnings release teleconference. We do appreciate your participation and you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Martin Shea - Executive Vice President, Investor Relations Sumner M. Redstone - Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors and Founder Leslie Moonves - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Fredric G. Reynolds - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President
Analysts: John Blackledge - J.P. Morgan Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch Lucas Binder - UBS Anthony DiClemente - Lehman Brothers Marci Ryvicker - Wachovia Heath Terry - Credit Suisse  Victor Miller - Bear Stearns
Operator:  Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the CBS Corporations first quarter 2008 earnings release conference call. Todays conference is being recorded and to get us started, I am pleased to turn the call over to Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Marty Shea. Please go ahead, sir.
Martin Shea: Good morning, everyone and thank you for taking the time to join us for our first quarter 2008 earnings call. Joining me for todays discussion are Sumner Redstone, our Executive Chairman; Leslie Moonves, our President and CEO; and Fred Reynolds, Executive Vice President and CFO.  Sumner will have opening remarks and well turn the call over to Les and Fred for strategic and financial issues. We will then open the call up to question.  Let me note that statements on this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporations news releases and security filings. A summary of CBS Corporations first quarter 2008 results should have been sent to all of you. If you did not receive these results, please contact [Punam Dasai] at 212-975-3667 and she will get it to you.  A webcast of the call, the earnings release, and other information related to the presentation may be found on CBS Corporations corporate website at the address cbscorporation.com.  Now I will turn the call over to Sumner. 
Sumner M. Redstone: Thanks, Marty and good morning, everyone. I thank you for joining us. When we look at our strong first quarter results, one thing is absolutely clear -- the CBS Corporation is doing a fantastic job operating our core businesses, adjusting our asset portfolio, and capitalizing upon the tremendous opportunities offered by the world of new media. And the results of those efforts are clearly evident, from our leading broadcast network to our television production hit factory, to everything we are doing online. And not to mention outdoors, the CBS Corporation is leveraging its reach and its popularity to move forward and drive results. And of course, our businesses continue to throw up healthy amounts of cash, which enables us to return value to all of you who are shareholders.  Im as enthusiastic, and I mean it, as I have ever been about what the future holds for this great company. I continue to believe that we have the wherewithal and the will to deliver for our shareholders and I know that the entire CBS Corporation management team is equally committed to our success.  Now, the leader of all this exciting activity is my friend, Les Moonves. Les is as dedicated to winning as he has ever been and I want to make one thing clear -- there is no one, no one that I would rather have at the CBS helm then Les Moonves. So I will now turn it over to you, Les. 
Leslie Moonves: Thank you, Sumner for those very nice remarks and good morning and welcome to everybody, and thank you as always for joining us here today. I am very pleased to be here with you to discuss the strong results for the first quarter that demonstrate the strength of the CBS Corporation. It was a very solid quarter and as those of you who follow us closely know, weve been turning in these types of performances every single quarter since we launched the new CBS Corporation more than two years ago.  Today I am going to walk you through our results, briefly discuss our asset portfolio, and then address some themes across the corporation, and then turn to Fred Reynolds, our terrific CFO, for further financial remarks.  Ill start with the highlights of our financial performance. Despite the fact that the Super Bowl and the semi-finals of the Final Four both aired in the first quarter of 2007, both quite large revenue drivers, CBS delivered revenues on par with last year of $3.7 billion. At the same time, first quarter revenues benefited from a new deal that allows us to be the sole international distributor of our terrific CSI franchise. And our revenue performance is all the more satisfying when you consider that the writers strike occurred through much of the quarter. At the same time, adjusted OIBDA and operating income were up 10% and 11% respectively. We were able to turn these solid operating results into significant increases at the bottom line. Net earnings were up 14% to $244 million and diluted EPS was up 29% to $0.36 versus $0.28 for the same period last year.  Across the board, our businesses posted operating results that led to very substantial free cash flow of $938 million for the quarter, up 25% versus the prior year period. This is the highest quarterly free cash flow since the separation. Going forward, we are as confident as ever about our ability to produce strong free cash flow. As a result, we are increasing our dividend again today by $0.02 to $0.27 per share. This is the sixth time in nine quarters that weve raised the quarterly dividend, bringing it to an annualized $1.08 per share.  In the midst of challenging economic times, this move is a clear signal that we believe in the breadth of our businesses and their ability to perform in any climate now and in the future. CBS pays amongst the highest dividends in the industry and this increase is a strong reminder that we are fully committed to returning value to our shareholders.  As we continue to increase the dividend, we also continue to maintain a very, very strong balance sheet. We have plenty of cash to invest in our businesses and to make smart, opportunistic acquisitions. As you know, we are looking to create and acquire higher growth, higher margin businesses in three key areas. The first area is content, which of course is the core of what we do. The second is interactive and the third is outdoor, particularly digital and international outdoor, both of which continue to grow.  In that regard, last week we announced the $110 million acquisition of IOA, the largest outdoor company in South America. We now have an immediate entry into one of the most dynamic and promising markets for outdoor advertising and in one deal have dramatically expanded our worldwide presence onto a brand new continent. With operations in Argentina, Brazil, Chile, and Uruguay, IOA is the leading outdoor business in South America. We now have a terrific opportunity to leverage our strong position in Mexico and Spain to help IOA grow even further.  IOA is a tremendous addition to our growing portfolio of international outdoor assets, which turned in very strong revenue and profit performances during the quarter and our North American billboard operations remain very solid, achieving solid underlying growth as well. We will continue to look to invest in these highly attractive businesses going forward.  Whether its content businesses, interactive companies, or outdoor expansion, we will continue to look for additional opportunities to help us grow our revenues and profits and obtain a very good return on our capital. We clearly have the cash to make the right moves as they come along but I assure you we will continue to be as disciplined as ever as we pursue opportunities for growth.  Now I would like to take a few minutes to address our business portfolio and several key themes that speak to our solid performance in the quarter and some of what we are seeing in Q2 as well. Lets begin with the television segment, which not only grew its revenues during the quarter but also posted a 13% increase in OIBDA and a 15% increase in operating income. Of course, the engine that drives so much of our success from the station to syndication to DVD sales to online is the CBS Television Network. The key question during the strike was how will CBS rebound when original programming returns to the air? Would the viewers come back and the answer for us is clearly yes.  Most of our scripted shows returned at pre-strike levels, winning their respective time periods. Since mid-March, CBS has five of the top 10 and 11 of the top 20 programs in total viewers and is in a dead heat with Fox. And we have moved up to a competitive second place in 18 to 49 as well.  What is most encouraging is that with each week that originals return to our air, our competitive position is only getting better. We have just begun running at full strength with all shows in originals and it is looking like we will continue to compete for first place throughout the rest of the season.  And in just a couple of weeks, well deliver our up-front presentation to advertisers at Carnegie Hall here in New York City. This year well be presenting a different kind of CBS Corporation with the network as the centerpiece but also with a highly appealing array of additional vehicles through which advertisers can effectively reach their companies. We are truly excited about this years show because it clearly showcases the way we are refining our media assets and updating our programming to match the needs of todays market.  Network pricing in the scatter market continues to be up double-digits and given our solid broad-based schedule and our new shows for the 2008/2009 season, we anticipate a very healthy up-front selling season.  It all starts with the content, of course, and we will be showing brand new shows at our up-front. We are very excited about our development for the fall, which is in full swing. Many of our shows were filmed as presentations rather than full pilots, representing significant savings while still providing the creative content on the screen to make informed decisions regarding the best new series.  Turning to our television stations, political advertising continues to be a terrific story for us. As expected, we were able to achieve a record first quarter in political revenue, with more on the way. Significant dollars have been generated for the Pittsburgh primary at each of our two television stations in Philadelphia and Pittsburgh. We believe political advertising will continue to have a positive impact through the first quarter of this year.  I should note that many observers are thinking that the traditional delineation of red and blue states may not apply in the election this fall. Everything looks like it is still up for grabs this year. If this holds true, then key states where we have our largest stations like New York, California, Illinois, and Texas should see an influx of spending. Political advertising is increasingly playing a factor at CBS Radio as well, where we also had a record first quarter.  Speaking of radio, while the entire industry continues to face challenges, we are starting to see some positive signs of growth for the first time in the past several years. The ratings progress Ive been highlighting since Dan Mason began making programming changes is beginning to be monetized. No market is better proof of this progress than our most important one here in New York.  Sales are tracking up 15% in New York for the second quarter and up 18% for the month of April. Now clearly this is only pacing information but it is also a good indication that we are beginning to monetize our ratings performance and we are encouraged about where we are headed. Throughout the country, in four of our top five markets in April we are seeing growth in revenue. That is a very, very good sign.  In order to keep the momentum, Dan and his senior team have begun an advertiser road show that started Thursday in Los Angeles. They will be asking advertisers to rethink radio as a truly efficient medium, providing an attractive and cost effective option to advertisers in the current economic environment.  At the heart of the road show is CBS Radios new online strategy. In the last few years, annual online revenue has grown from $5 million to $13 million to $30 million in 07, and this year we project to get that number to well over $50 million in online revenue.  Plus CBS' online reach was more than double during the quarter when we struck a deal with AOL to power their online music service. Combining the online audience of both entities will now give our sales force the ability to sell the largest online radio audience on the Internet, and when you add in the reach and community aspects of Last.fm, which Ill talk about more in a minute, it grows significantly.  Of course, the progress we are making on new platforms extends beyond radio across the entire company. Turning to interactive operations, there is no better example of how we can use new platforms to grow our business than our recent success with March Madness on demand. I gave you a prelude to this during the last earnings call and the final results once again prove how the Internet is truly additive to our core business. This year we took in approximately $23 million from streaming the tournament online, a number that has grown significantly each of the last several years. And as the revenues climbed online, they increased on air as well. The television sales on both the network and at the stations posted increases, proving once again the value of owning the rights to big ticket items like the Final Four and the NFL.  Plus, Nielsen research shows that 92% of the basketball tournament online viewing was done at work, demonstrating that we are adding a whole new audience to our existing content and making bosses throughout America very angry with us.  Our online entertainment properties are doing a good job complementing our broadcast programming as well. As CBS television ratings have recently increase, cbs.com has become the number one network site in terms of engagement, a key metric for advertisers. We also continue to be very excited about the progress of Last.fm, which has seen its traffic increase more than 100% since we announced the addition of free on-demand streaming early in the first quarter. Going forward as Last.fm expands to reach a mass market, well be exploring ways to expose it to various new audiences across the company. Most recently, Last.fm partnered with CBS Radios online audience to help each community gain new audience and achieve significantly greater reach. We are very pleased that Quincy Smith has assembled a team of highly skilled executive from leading tech companies across the industry.  Finally, beyond our advertising base businesses, the CBS Corporation also delivers meaningful financial results from businesses that are not tied to advertising, including program distribution, Showtime, and Simon & Schuster.  Leading the way is our syndication business. As you saw in our release this morning, CBS was up 85% in TV licensing fees for the quarter. Our new CSI deal and the second cycle sale of Everybody Loves Raymond drove todays results and we have an extremely deep bench that will continue to produce significant revenues for the company going forward. CBS Television distribution consistently has eight of the top 10 syndicated shows on television with the highest first-run programs in the business and a very strong pipeline, including our new entry, The Doctors, which is a spin-off of our Dr. Phil franchise.  And the future of our off-net programming releases is looking very encouraging as well, with titles including Criminal Minds, Everybody Hates Chris, Numbers, and Ghost Whisperers all ready to provide brand new revenue in 2009.  Meanwhile, demand for U.S. programming and our programming in particular continues to be strong around the world. Our international syndication group concluded a number of very healthy programming licensing deals at the MIT conference earlier this month. We saw a particularly strong sales for Showtimes programming, which provided added revenue streams in the DVD market as well.  Speaking of Showtime, our pay cable operation continues its stunning creative and commercial momentum, winning critical acclaim, Emmys, and most importantly subscribers. Showtime posted the largest subscriber increase on any premium cable service in the fourth quarter of 07 and that momentum continues in 08. In fact, Showtime alone has added 1.3 million subscribers in the past 12 months and if you include the entire suite of Showtime network channels, weve added 5.7 million.  With the continued success of original programming, like Tudors, Weeds, Dexter, Californication, Showtime is clearly having its best run ever and we see significant further potential for revenue growth.  Last weeks creation of the new joint venture cable channel will make available to us $300 million to invest in programming going forward. This includes original programming, which is the single biggest driver of our success, and of course movies are still important to us as well. The full slate of movies that will now satisfy from our current suppliers will satisfy our programming needs through 2010 and we are continuously in the process of licensing compelling new films at more favorable terms.  Our programming lineup will not miss a single beat. Some of these films will certainly come from our new film division, which continues to strategically ramp up its operations. As previously stated, the plan is to release four to six films a year, produced in the $10 million to $50 million range. With a low overhead and a complementary distribution pipeline at Showtime, international syndication and CBS interactive, were excited about owning more forms of content.  In conclusion, I am very pleased indeed with the results we are reporting today and with CBS' prospects going forward. We have once again delivered our promises while positioning the company for future growth and margin expansion. In the face of the current headwinds, we will continue to closely monitor the way in which we operate each of our businesses.  We know how to run our businesses effectively regardless of the economic climate. We believe that in a tight market, advertisers will continue to be drawn to our world-class assets. From televisions mass reach to radios targeted cost-effectiveness to outdoors increasingly attractive possibilities, we are a must-buy across the board and our ability to server advertisers with each of these media improves every day with the advent of digital technology. The CBS Corporation clearly has the right broad range of assets to produce outstanding free cash flow quarter after quarter, year after year. We will continue to use that cash to grow our businesses, to make opportunistic investments both internally and externally, and return value to our shareholders.  Thank you very much, everyone, for your time today and now I would like to turn the call over to Fred. 
Fredric G. Reynolds: Thank you, Leslie and good morning to all of you. As was just discussed, our broad base of media businesses produced solid results in the first quarter of 2008, driving very strong earnings per share and free cash flow growth. Let me now provide you with some financial highlights and additional information on our first quarter performance.  As Leslie said, diluted earnings per share for the first quarter was $0.36, up from $0.28 last year at this time, a 29% increase. Now, on an adjusted basis excluding stock-based compensation expense, a restructuring charge of $45 million, and the after-tax effect of station divestitures last year, earnings per share was up about 23% over the first quarter of 2007. Free cash flow for the first quarter of 2008 was a very strong $938 million, up 25% over last years very strong free cash flow.  Free cash flow was driven by higher operating income before depreciation and amortization, plus adding back the non-cash expenses associated with stock-based compensation and restructuring costs of $45 million. These $45 million of restructuring charges, while recognized in the first quarter will not be [spent in] cash until future quarters during 2008.  In addition to higher OIBDA, cash flow from operations was up due to a strong improvement in working capital as a source of cash. The first quarters working capital improved by approximately $150 million versus the first quarter of 2007, with about half of that improvement due to timing related to the advanced payments we received on our new home entertainment distribution agreement. The balance of the working capital improvement results from the continued focus on managing our balance sheet, including driving down our trade accounts receivables.  Turning to revenues, first quarter revenues totaled almost $3.7 billion, essentially flat with last years first quarter. In last years first quarter, as just mentioned, we aired the Super Bowl, the Pro Bowl, and the Final Four basketball game, none of which aired in this years first quarter.  While studying the absence of revenues from these big events, we had higher syndicated revenues from the second cycle of Raymond, higher subscriber fee revenues at Showtime and College Sports Television, and higher syndication revenues due to our new agreement to distribute the CSI franchises internationally.  We now recognize international CSI syndication revenues on a gross basis versus net last year when we had a third-party distributor. Operating income before depreciation and amortization for the first quarter totaled $642 million, up 1% on an as-reported basis over last years first quarter. Included in the first quarters operating income before depreciation and amortization is stock-based compensation expense of $33 million, which is $12 million higher than last year, and the restructuring expenses at $45 million. Taking these two items into accounted, adjusted OIBDA grew by 9%.  Operating income for the first quarter was also up 1% to $524 million, but then again, excluding stock-based compensation and the restructuring expense, adjusted operating income grew by 11% over 2001s -- 2007s first quarter.  Interest expense for the first quarter was $139 million. It was essentially flat to last years first quarter; however, interest income of $18 million is down $22 million due to lower cash balances this year versus last year, because as you know we repurchased over $3.4 billion of our stock during 2007.  Our income tax rate for the first quarter 2008 was 37.6%, which was down from last years adjusted tax rate of 38.7%. The various tax planning strategies that we have put in place over the last several years have continued to lower our worldwide tax rate.  Finally, net earnings for the first quarter of 2008 were $244 million, up 14% over last years first quarter.  Let me now turn briefly to our operating segments. The television segments first quarter revenue of $2.6 billion was up slightly at plus 1% over a year ago. However, as we noted earlier, the absence of the Super Bowl, the Pro Bowl, which aired in last years first quarter plus the shift of airing the Final Four games to the second quarter this year greatly reduced our revenue growth in 2008s first quarter. Offsetting the loss of this revenue of these big sports events was the syndication revenues once again from the second cycle of Raymond, the CSI International syndication and distribution revenues, and higher subscriber revenues.  For the first quarter 2008, time period ad sales at the CBS Network, taking into account the absence of the Super Bowl, Pro Bowl, and Final Four games, was down 2% for the first quarter of 2007. A very strong scatter market, which was up double-digit over up-front pricing, could not offset the impact that almost all of our scripted programs during the first quarter 2008 were re-runs due to the now concluded WGA strike. This compares to the first quarter last year when we aired a significantly higher number of original episodes which caused a 2% drop in ad revenue compared to the prior year. And as Leslie just mentioned, we are now back to airing lots of original episodes on the CBS Network.  Turning to the television segments OIBDA, for the first quarter it was $449.5 million, up 13% from last year. Included in OIBDA was a restructuring cost of $35 million for personnel reductions, primarily at our TV stations. The increases in OIBDA excluding stock-based compensation expense and restructuring charges was driven by a favorable mix of primetime entertainment shows aired in the first quarter 2008 versus last years Super Bowl and Final Four games, which as you know have significant rights fees associated with their broadcast. Televisions OIBDA was also helped by the increase in syndication and distribution revenues versus last years first quarter.  Turning to radio, revenues in the first quarter were $364 million, down on an as-reported basis 9% and down 6% on a same-station basis. As Leslie mentioned, we are seeing some very encouraging signs that the changes that we made to a number of our radio station formats, plus the numerous organizational changes are beginning to demonstrate top line growth across a number of our stations in major markets.  While we have always been reluctant to provide sales pace information, since sales pace information can change frequently, and it may differ from the actual results, with April practically completed, sales pace over 60 of our radio stations primarily in the major markets are showing top line growth over April last year. And there are also early signs that this sales growth momentum is continuing into May.  Once again, let me just remind you, sales pace trends can change but we believe we are seeing some very encouraging signs from our major market radio stations.  Radios OIBDA for the first quarter of $122 million is down from $164 million last year. The drop in profits is due to lower same-station sales, divested stations, and a $10 million restructuring charge for severance, partially offset by recognizing $10 million in deferred revenue associated with our new Westwood One agreement.  Turning to outdoor, revenues for the first quarter were $497 million, up 7% over the first quarter of last year. North Americas revenues were only up 3% over the first quarter of last year due to the loss of two major shelter contracts in Toronto and San Francisco. The loss of these two contracts lowered our revenue growth rate by two percentage points in the first quarter versus last year.  As the long-time incumbent, we very much valued these contracts. However, the winning bidders in each case more than doubled what we were willing to pay for these contracts and these contracts expired at the end of 2007.  Europe and Asias revenue were up 15% over the first quarter last year, with strong revenue growth led by the United Kingdom, coupled with a weak U.S. dollar versus the Euro.  OIBDA for outdoor in the first quarter was $102 million, up slightly over last years first quarter. Europe and Asias profits, however, soared up 48% over last years first quarter while North Americas OIBDA in the first quarter was down 2% due to the loss of the Toronto and San Francisco contracts, along with increased lease costs.  Finally, Simon & Schusters revenue and OIBDA were down in the first quarter from last year, due largely to the absence of last years blockbuster bestseller, The Secret.  So to wrap up 2008s first quarter, our balance sheet remains very strong with over $2.3 billion of cash on the balance sheet, and with our debt to EBITDA leverage at 2.1 times, we remain at the conservative end of leverage. Todays announcement to raise our dividend by $0.02 to $0.27 a quarter signals our continued confidence in the strength of our cash flows. We also, as you noted today in the earnings announcement, reaffirmed our business outlook for 2008, which is for our OIBDA and operating income to grow between 3% and 5% over 2007.  Thank you and we would be pleased to take your questions, so Operator, if you could open the phone lines, that would be terrific. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Well go first to John Blackledge at J.P. Morgan.
John Blackledge - J.P. Morgan: Thanks. A couple of questions -- it seems like North America outdoor revenue growth decelerated in the first quarter, even excluding the non-renewals of Toronto and San Francisco. Just wondering what U.S. billboard revenue growth was in the first quarter and what is it pacing in the second quarter, how national revenue growth was in the first and second quarter. And then costs up 9%, rending flattish EBITDA. Im wondering if this cost growth trend will persist throughout the rest of the year. Thanks. 
Fredric G. Reynolds: Ill take that, John. One, I think the first quarter traditionally is a little bit slower for us on outdoor and we are seeing more momentum in the second quarter. Some of it was timing of when the orders were placed, because they tend to have two or four week orders. I would say its down a tick or so from maybe the fourth quarter, which is I think kind of in the 7% range but it is sort of still in the mid-single digit, maybe slightly higher and building. But as you know, lease costs sort of come in the first of the year and they are paid pro rata, so as we start building it will become less of an increase over the year because we have higher revenue growth.  Again, I think these two contracts are really the story, otherwise I think we would have been kind of firmly in the mid-single digit growth rate at outdoor. 
John Blackledge - J.P. Morgan: Okay, thanks. If I could ask one more, on the TV station pacings, I was just wondering what they were in the first quarter ex the Super Bowl and ex political and what the stations are pacing in the second quarter. Some operators have reported recently and the trends are pretty poor for them. Just wondering how you guys are doing on that end. Thank you. 
Fredric G. Reynolds: Again, I am always reluctant to give pace information because thats what we dont like to be because it changes all the time. Id say the first quarter we had great political, record political, but the underlying business was softer than we would like. It is very difficult to strip out the Final Four, the Super Bowl, and all those different aspects. But I would say that clearly some of the actions that we took early on in the year addresses what we saw as some struggles with the local business, but also some of the headcount reductions were largely due to technological advances that we had.  So clearly we love that its a political year. If we are going to have a little bit of a tougher economy, the political is going to help us a lot but it is not as strong as we would have hoped it would have been three or four months ago. 
John Blackledge - J.P. Morgan: Thank you. 
Operator: Michael Nathanson with Sanford Bernstein. 
Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein: Thanks. I have a couple for Fred. I am trying to understand the drivers in TV profitability this quarter, so I wanted to know -- you talked about the change in CSI from gross to net basis. Did that materially change the profit impact from CSI this quarter?
Fredric G. Reynolds: Not materially, no. I think the biggest factor in television profitability in the segment was really a little bit of that switch that I was trying to articulate about entertainment program is very -- versus paying lots of rights fees for the Super Bowl and the NCAA last year, I think that was one of the biggest drivers. But the CSI was really mostly grossing up the revenues. There was some impact but not significant over the prior year.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein: Okay, and then the other thing was you guys mentioned about restructuring charges in radio and TV. How large would the savings be from those changes you are making and when will you see the savings from those changes?
Fredric G. Reynolds: Well, Id say we will see the savings -- they were all largely headcount related, or personnel related. They will all be in the numbers this year. The first quarter takes the hit but we should be able to have a payback of the $45 million charge by the time the year is over, so we should be seeing kind of north of $45 million in actual reduction and costs by -- as a run-rate, this year. 
Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein: Okay. Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Jessica Reif-Cohen at Merrill Lynch. 
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch: I have a couple of questions. So just to continue on the thought that Michael had on the cost of severance, is there anything that you guys are thinking of doing more fundamentally to change the cost structure of the business across any of the lines of business?
Leslie Moonves: You know, when we approached the television stations, there was some softness in the market, as Fred referred to, other than the political, which obviously covered a lot of the [spend]. Each one of them was required to take a look at their cost structure, see what they could do about it. Some of it -- a lot of it did involve personnel changes but also some of it affected how we did business. The ability to cut cost in a way that did not affect obviously the news product that we were putting out or the quality of the television that we were putting there.  So each station was assigned a task. They accomplished it in a variety of different ways. A lot of it was due to personnel costs and that was taken care of but a lot of it was done in other ways. 
Fredric G. Reynolds: I would just add that a lot of it was driven by technology. We put in a lot of robotics, non-linear editing at the TV stations. You are going to see with the digital rollout at outdoor, there is less need for people who are post hangers, or people who go up and put the paste up on the boards and all that stuff. And so thats the payback from what we think is some pretty good capital investments and Id say to Leslies point, every change was primarily not in front of the camera. I mean, most of it was in the more technical areas of a TV station and a radio station, and weve actually added resources and weve not touched the broadcast. 
Leslie Moonves: And Jess, one of the things that its important to realize is we are aware of what the marketplace is and we adjust our businesses accordingly, and we continue to run our businesses very effectively. So when things become necessary to do, we do them. 
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch: And I have a couple more questions -- what is your view of the potential of a strike by the actors?
Leslie Moonves: Conversations are going on as we speak, or in a couple of hours from now. They are resuming negotiations with the Screen Actors Guild. I think the community realizes that the writers strike was not a good thing for a lot of people. The tone of these negotiations seems to be in a much more cordial, positive fashion without reporting anything, because nobody is talking about particulars on the deal. We are optimistic that before this contract runs out, June 30th, that there will be no strike and that everybody will get back to work and that is what we are hoping for. 
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch: And then just a really quick one for Fred -- just two more questions -- the multiple for IOA, what was that?
Fredric G. Reynolds: It was an attractive multiple for us. Its a nice business. It has enough scale and it was -- you would find the multiple -- I dont think weve disclosed this. Its a private company but it was a very attractive multiple, kind of a very low double-digit kind of multiple, maybe just high single digits. 
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Okay, and then I know Sumner is on the call, I dont know if hes willing to take a question but if you are, I was just wondering if you could comment on your view of what is going on in the pay TV market. What are you seeing fundamentally that is changing that is allowing each of your companies to have their own pay TV service?
Sumner M. Redstone: Ill be glad to answer that, Jessica. As you know, from the very beginning my position was that each of these companies had an obligation to follow their own strategic objectives and to compete. So competition was nothing that I didnt foresee. As a matter of fact, as you know I believe competition is healthy. It certainly didnt hurt me.  Now as to what is going on, I think the street to a certain extent and a large part of the press has missed the point. I think that now obviously Les talks to me every day about his strategies and Philippe talks to me every day about his strategies and I supported both.  The fact is that some [inaudible] think there has to be a winner and a loser. The fact of the matter is I think that Les strategy, Showtimes strategy will work for CBS and I think that Philippes strategy will work for Viacom. It is not true that success between these two companies is mutually exclusive and I think a lot of people fail to see that. I think you will see the strategy of CBS working and the strategy of Viacom working and thats what I believe and I think as that develops, as events develop, some in the near-term, you will see [inaudible] of that point of view. 
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Lucas Binder at UBS. 
Lucas Binder - UBS: Thank you. A couple of quick questions for you; one, Fred, Les, obviously youve increased the dividend a percent from here. Free cash flow is up materially. Where do you see other uses of cash and how should we look at free cash flow for the rest of the year going forward? Were there any specific benefits that we should realize for the first quarter relative to the rest of the year? And then a follow-up with regard to the Showtime relationships with Viacom, MGM, and Lionsgate -- what are your opportunities to add content away from your own developed content by 2010, 11, 12, that timeframe?
Leslie Moonves: Okay, Lucas -- number one, since we started out we have said our primary focus is to be a dividend paying company. Weve increased the dividend as we said six times in 2.5 years. We continue to do that. We have faith in our company. We like returning money to shareholders.  At the same time, when an IOA becomes available, we have the cash and the balance sheet available to jump on it and make a very smart acquisition when it becomes available, and we are in the position to continue doing that and that is part of our strategy. We are looking for opportunities. Were not going to be stupid about it. We havent been stupid about it in anything weve acquired. Everything fits with what we do and we will continue to do that.  Regarding question number two, look, Showtime has very solid original programming. The deals we have with the current studios, extend some of them to have their pictures through the end of 2010, so we are very strong. We have already spoken to major suppliers, movie companies, as well as TV companies. There is a large amount of product that is out there, top quality product. We are confident that we can make these deals and that Showtime wont miss a beat in terms of the product that they are putting on the air and we feel very good about that.  So its an exciting time. It gives CBS Films the opportunity to add films to the Showtime lineup, as well as some other companies that are out there. 
Lucas Binder - UBS: All right and just on the free cash flow side, if you look at -- the beginning of the year was obviously very strong and it usually is your best quarter during the year. How do you look at the rest of the year? Was anything pushed forward or is it just going to be sort of continuing on from here?
Fredric G. Reynolds: As I articulated, of the working capital improvement of about $150 million, about half of that is timing. It will come back in -- in other words, weve got an advanced payment on our DVD home video that will be worked -- we would have earned it over the balance of the year but we got it early in the first quarter. The other half is just again, good old fashioned working the balance sheet. So you are right -- the first quarter is usually the strongest but we expect to have again free cash flow. We are very confident in it but some of it is timing. 
Lucas Binder - UBS: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Anthony DiClemente at Lehman Brothers, your line is open. 
Anthony DiClemente - Lehman Brothers: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Fred, what portion of the incremental -- I get $280 million of license fees at TV was related to Everybody Loves Raymond and how much of it the new self-distribution deal for CSI? And then Les, you mentioned in your opening comments, I guess you guys are looking at presentations as opposed to pilots. If you could just give us a little bit of background on how much money you save on greenlighting shows when you just look at a presentation as opposed to a pilot.  And then finally, Les, also if you could update us on your thoughts on the potential for acquiring cable TV network assets. People have talked about the weather channel, the scripts networks, the rainbow networks, perhaps as a way for you to achieve proxy value for CBS retransmission consent through higher affiliate fees or carriage for those potential target networks. Thank you. 
Leslie Moonves: Ill go first because it was the last question -- the presentations, basically what we were able to do and obviously we had a shortened season because of the strike in the amount of time we had to do the pilots and get them ready to see what we had, so as a result of that in a number of the cases, and I dont want to mention how many but its over 50% of the pilots that we did cost approximately 50% of what the normal pilot would do. Instead of doing a 10-day shoot or a 12-day shoot, we would generally take half that amount of time and shoot key scenes that would sort of give us an indication of what the show was that we had, by seeing the key relationships that characters have and whether an actor is working and whether the set-up works, you dont necessarily need to see a full completed pilot until you are ready to put it on the air.  So having done this as long as I have, you are able to see half a pilot and have a general idea of whether you have something worth working on or not. So to say weve saved tens of millions of dollars in development cost would be an accurate presumption.  In terms of your last question regarding cable television assets, we like to say, and its absolutely true, we look at everything. We look at everything. There are lots of media deals out there. When they become presented, we look at it. We are happy to look at it. We have a terrific team with Fred and Joe [Ainello] that are able to assess the value of certain things and whether they are worthwhile for us to acquire. There is nothing we need to acquire. CBS can stand alone regarding retrans. Some of the cable operators would rather pay it through some cable channels. Having said that, weve approached a number of them and we already have 20 deals in retrans without any cable participation whatsoever, directly paid in cash to CBS. If it should come in another way, we are fine with that as well but at the moment, theres no plans to announce anything major but we do look at everything. 
Fredric G. Reynolds: Anthony, on the question on the increase in the license fees, Id say the vast majority of it, the vast majority as due to the accounting treatment of the CSI franchise. In other words, showing it gross versus net. While Raymond is very valuable and is very important to us, the vast majority was really the accounting treatment. 
Anthony DiClemente - Lehman Brothers: And thats -- the accounting treatment, Fred, is something that will continue to the order of magnitude that it showed itself in the first quarter, it will continue?
Fredric G. Reynolds: Well, its just now we reported there was -- obviously when you become the distributor, we report what was previously on the net basis growth, but no, it wont be that kind of number going forward. It will just be instead of recording just our profit from the distribution will show both the gross revenue, the participants cost or share of it, and then our net profits. So the net profit sort of stays the same but the revenues get grossed up. 
Leslie Moonves: And we will continue to distribute CSI internationally for the rest of time. 
Anthony DiClemente - Lehman Brothers: Understood. Thank you so much. 
Operator: Next well hear from Marci Ryvicker at Wachovia.   
Marci Ryvicker - Wachovia: Thanks. Last quarter you said you werent seeing the impact of a recession on your business. It sounds like this may have changed by some of the comments that Fred had made.  And then the second question is in outdoor -- in general, what is the attractiveness of international assets? I know there is top line growth but the margins are typically pretty low. Why not aim to buy domestic outdoor group, like a Lemar, who has significantly higher margins?
Fredric G. Reynolds: One, Im not sure, Marci, we see a recession because we are still seeing growth and I think to Leslies comments at the outset, when advertisers are trying to reach the biggest number of their potential customers or consumers, they are going to the big networks, the network that are going to broadcast broader media plays. So I would say its slower. I dont know -- to me, the word recession means its actually declining and I think maybe your comments are around outdoor. I think outdoor will end up being fine. It will show growth. It did show growth in the first quarter domestically. Out international is doing really well and we think the quarter should build but from what we see today, the domestic billboard business should get stronger as a growth rate over the first quarter.  Obviously if something happens in the economy that changes from what is slow growth to something very more severe, than we may have to reassess that but I dont think we would say that we are seeing a recession. I think we see things slower. As we said, TV stations might be a little bit slower but in the same markets, we just cited a number of really positive signs at radio and outdoor continues to do well also. 
Leslie Moonves: And Marci, in terms of the operations of international outdoor, once again the margins are better for billboards and thats an area we are investing in, obviously by our IOA acquisition. The more we can invest in billboards, there is a much better margin business in that and you will see more increase in that from us in our international acquisitions and -- as opposed to some of the transit contracts which dont have as attractive a margin. 
Marci Ryvicker - Wachovia: So is it safe to say you are not looking to buy domestic, like a Lemar?
Leslie Moonves: We look at everything. There is no announcement coming on Lemar in the near future. That you can be assured of. 
Fredric G. Reynolds: Marci, as Leslies point is we love the billboard business more so than the street furniture or the transit because the margins in billboards are really attractive. IOA was I think over two-thirds or so of their revenue came from billboards and so -- or something, 80% of profit, so thats why that was really attractive and there is a huge opportunity in South America. Theres lots of mom-and-pops billboard companies out there that we can roll up with this strong platform that we have.
Leslie Moonves: And the rest of the world as well. 
Marci Ryvicker - Wachovia: Thank you. 
Operator: Heath Terry at Credit Suisse, your line is open, sir. 
Heath Terry - Credit Suisse : Thank you. You mentioned that you are targeting $50 million in Internet revenues this year. I am assuming that doesnt include any acquisitions. Can you give us an idea of what your appetite is -- 
Leslie Moonves: The $50 million was just radio. It was just radio. Acquisitions, no, theres no plans for any additional radio acquisition. You know, the combination with AOL Online increased our revenue stream in terms of online advertising and if you see some of the new exciting things our radio group is doing online, such as being able to sit at your desk in New York City and get a radio station in Los Angeles, or being a country fan and being able to punch up the seven country radio stations that we own throughout the country, thats very exciting. So the amount of revenue increase online for radio is becoming a significant number but I would not foresee any acquisition of an online radio site. You will see more and more also cross-promotion with Last.fm in our radio group, which is the music online service as well. 
Heath Terry - Credit Suisse : And is the appetite different in your non-radio online asset areas?
Leslie Moonves: Well, we are always looking for online assets and once again we have stated that content online and outdoor are our main focus for acquisition, so if there was an attractive opportunity that fit with what we do online, we would do it. 
Heath Terry - Credit Suisse : You also mentioned that you have new shows ready for the up-front. How would you compare the position that you are in from a content development standpoint this year versus a normal non-strike year?
Leslie Moonves: You know what? Ive only had the opportunity to see two of our pilots so far, one of which I absolutely adore. I dont want to oversell but Im very excited about one.  You know, it is ironic but there are some who think, and I may be one of them, that the forced compressed nature of it may have forced better work or more intense work on the part of people. Obviously casting became a bit more difficult because everybody was running in a very limited period of time.  I would say we probably will have more original product done before the announcement of our schedule than anybody else -- not to say that anybody else wont be prepared but their pilots are going to come a bit later, so I think we are going to have a more organized idea of what is going to be on in the fall this May than some other people because our pilots are in decent shape and well have a fairly great idea of what to select.  In addition, there remains a great deal of stability in the CBS schedule without looking for a whole slew of new programming. 
Heath Terry - Credit Suisse : Thank you. 
Martin Shea: We have time for one more question. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Victor Miller at Bear Stearns.
Victor Miller - Bear Stearns: Is CBS' appetite for repurchases through -- I mean, Im just struck by the fact that your debt fell by $873 million in the quarter. You are probably leveraged below two times. If you are unsuccessful in adding M&A, would you return to that given the 6.7 times multiple? And then I have a follow-up. 
Fredric G. Reynolds: Victor, as Leslie said weve been fairly consistent that we really believe returning cash to shareholders via dividend is the right strategy. Obviously we bought back 3.5 or $3.4 billion of stock last year. We kind of associate that with the windfall from the asset sales of the parks business, radio and TV stations. But we think the commitment to return capital and cash to shareholders is there. We think dividends is the right way of doing it and again, but obviously we will always look at whats in the best interest of shareholders. We would love to invest, as Leslie said, we would love to invest this cash in growing our digital business faster, both outdoor and interactive, and looking for attractive acquisitions like an IOA or any others that are out there that give a good return to shareholders. Absent that, then hopefully well do the right thing by returning value to the shareholders via dividends or other methods. 
Leslie Moonves: Victor, as a final statement, as this is the last question, I think many companies are very envious of our balance sheet. This is a very good time to be sitting in the position that we are, with our ability to increase our dividend and our ability to have cash ready to leap on the right opportunity.  So as I said, we are feeling very good about where we are and a lot of companies would like to be sitting in our position here. 
Martin Shea: Thank you very much for joining us and Deborah and I will be around for questions further today. 
Leslie Moonves: Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the CBS Corporation first quarter 2008 earnings release conference call. We thank you all for your participation today. You may now disconnect your lines and have a great day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Martin M. Shea  Executive Vice President Investor Relations Sumner M. Redstone  Chairman of the Board Leslie Moonves  President, Chief Executive Office Fredric G. Reynolds  Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts:  John Blackledge  JP Morgan Michael Nathanson  Sanford Berstein Victor Miller  Bear Stearns Lucas Binder  UBS Jessica Reif-Cohen  Merrill Lynch Anthony Di Clemente  Lehman Brothers Marci Ryvicker  Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC Douglas Mitchelson  Deutsche Bank David Miller  SMH Capital Markets Benjamin Swinburne  Morgan Stanley  
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to CBS Corporation fourth quarter 2007 earnings release teleconference. Todays call is being recorded. At this time Id like to turn the call over to the executive vice president of investor relations Mr. Marty Shea. Please go ahead sir.
Martin M. Shea : Good morning everyone. Thank you for taking time to join us for our fourth quarter and full year 2007 earnings call. Joining me for todays discussion are Sumner Redstone our executive chairman, Leslie Moonves, our president and CEO and Fred Reynolds, executive vice president and CFO. Sumner will have some opening remarks and will turn the call over to Les and Fred for strategic and financial issues. We will then open the call up to questions.  Let me note that statements on this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporations news releases and security filings. A summary of CBS Corporations fourth quarter and full year 2007 results should have been sent to all of you. If you did not receive the results please contact Poonam Desai at 975-3667 and she will get it to you. A webcast of the call, the earnings release and any other information related to this presentation can be found at CBS Corporations corporate website at www.CBSCorporation.com. Now Ill turn the call over to Sumner.
Sumner M. Redstone : Good morning everyone. Thanks for being with us today. Im really happy to say that the new CBS Corporation turned in a terrific second full year results not to mention a solid fourth quarter and Im more than impressed with the incredible progress this great company has made in such a very short time. CBS continues to create and distribute some of the most valuable content in the marketplace and as always were getting paid for it everywhere it goes and by the way, it goes everywhere. We continue to grow our traditional media business while at the same time embarking upon a successful expansion into the interactive marketplace. Les and his team are, as usual successfully managing CBS world class assets today while were positioning them for the future and importantly we continue to deliver on our promise to generate strong, healthy free cash flow and to return a significant portion of it to our investors. Im really proud that weve accomplished so much so far and Im excited about what the future holds. Now, to tell you whats really going on, heres Les.
Leslie Moonves : Welcome everybody. Its great to be with all of you to discuss our fourth quarter 2007 performance and take a look ahead as well. Im very pleased with our solid results in the fourth quarter and our entire second year as the new CBS Corporation. This morning Im going to talk a little about our financial performance and briefly walk through some key issues regarding our business and then my colleague Fred Reynolds will cover our financials in greater depth.  First, I want to highlight our results OBIDA, operating income, EPS and in free cash flow which we believe is one of the most significant measures of our success. OBIDA was up 4% to $824 million in the fourth quarter as well as being up 1% to $3.08 billion for the year. Operating income was also up 3% to $705 million for the quarter and also up 1% for the year to $2.62 billion. 2007 adjusted diluted EPS from continuing operations increased 9% to $1.88 for the year. Fourth quarter was up 2% to $0.54 due to the impact of our 2007 share repurchase program and limited by a higher effective tax rate. At the same time 2007 free cash flow was up 6% to $1.71 billion dollars and in the fourth quarter free cash flow increased $137 million from a -$15 million last year to come in at $122 million. Year after year we continue to produce excellent pre-cash flow. It is this cash that will enable us to invest in our asset portfolio for future growth, continue to return dividends to our investors and maintain an extremely healthy balance sheet.  Through a number of transactions in 07 we ended the year with a portfolio that is well positioned to grow in 08 and beyond. We are truly excited about the prospects of each one of our businesses. At our heart we remain a content company across all our operations. It is the content that is the engine driving us forward into the digital interactive future. The center of the content engine remains the CBS Television Network. The network business remains the greatest mass media option available to audiences and advertisers and what is not really recognized yet is that the content on network TV is also defining success online and on all the emerging platforms now available to consumers. As a matter of fact, content from across the entire company is pushing us forward into the interactive marketplace. CBS Paramount Network Television and CBS Television Distribution continue to supply industry leading programming on our network, stations across America and our growing list of online outlets and Showtime which is having its best run ever both creatively, financially and obviously with a great increase in subscribers began the year with six of the top 10 selling shows on iTunes. In short, the new media business now taking shape is being built on the foundation of our established ones to the benefit of both.  Of course, there are certainly challenges and I will discuss how we are dealing with them. First, the economy; like all of you we are tracking the general economic news affecting the marketplace. Fortunately, the hardest hit sectors like home building and real estate are not significant advertisers on our air. At CBS we are not seeing the recession in our day-to-day operations, the scatter market remains very strong and its too early in the year to make a determination on the spending of any one category. We will continue to watch trends but please remember in any difficult market it is the leaders who are the must buys for agencies and advertisers and that certainly includes network television and CBS.  Next, Id like to talk about the recently concluded writers strike. It lasted longer than any of us would have liked but the good news is the network business is back. Weve got a full slate of new programming starting in the spring and once again well be presenting to advertisers at Carnegie Hall in May. As we predicted CBS sustained itself very well during the strike in fact, in the short term we were able to manage operating costs at the network very effectively. This was primarily achieved by significantly reducing our programming expenses and the termination of costly writing and producing contracts. Our financial picture was not affected negatively by the strike in any shape or form. Perhaps most importantly many of the economic benefits we were able to achieve during the strike has changed the way we do business and will allow us to operate more efficiently going forward.  Regarding ratings, with the new C3 measurement system its virtually impossible to draw apples-to-apples comparisons and with the strike adding more repeats there is little conclusion that can be drawn from the numbers this season. Whats important is that advertisers are generally pleased that we have a more precise measuring system. They understand that network television will also be a necessary buy to reach the broadest possible audience and because we have no make good issues we can fully monetize our programming going forward. Monetizing our content is of course the key issue both in our core network operations and on the Internet and as advertisers move into the online arena, guess what? Were right there to serve them as well because the Internet business is truly an extension of our existing network business and weve got the sales teams in place to get that job done too. Whether its over the air or on the Internet it is about content and online its our strategy to reach people wherever they are and bring our content to them. Thats why we created the CBS Audience Network which has more than 300 affiliated websites and is the number one provider of online television programming in the business. Our CBS Audience Network delivers news, sports and entertainment to more than 190 million Internet users making it one of the largest syndicated networks of content on the web.  Each part of CBS is now feeding that growing distribution system exposing our programming to younger demographics and producing industry leading levels of engagement and were also creating the community building content that advertisers are looking for. So, when we sit down with clients we are offering a lot more than C3 or live plus seven. Were also offering opportunities for reach across the CBS Audience Network, our wholly owned sites, CBS Mobile and other community pages and chat built around our content and lets not forget that mass audience that the networks deliver. Take the Grammys, this year the network broadcast generated an audience of more than 40 million viewers but in addition, during the broadcast and for days afterwards many millions more were engaged with Grammy related content online. In fact, that night, the night of the Grammys 50 of the top 100 searches on Google were related to the Grammys. This all demonstrates the power of our medium and the big ticket events on broadcast television. The good news is that the Internet audience is additive to our core business. Let me give you another example, in 2005 when we first introduced live on demand streaming of our March Madness Basketball Tournament we offered it using a paid subscription model and we generated about $250,000 in revenue. The next year we changed it to free ad supported model and took in $4 million. Then the next year $10 million and then to this years tournament next month were predicting more than $21 million in total revenue and our costs remained exactly the same as they were the first year so, the create majority of that $21 million will drop to the bottom line contributing to the hundreds of millions of interactive revenue across the company. Meanwhile, our tournament ratings are as strong as ever and our associated television revenues are growing. Like I said, the network business is back.  With the strike behind us were prepared to roll out a whole new list of programs. Earlier this month we announced return dates for 13 of our scripted shows with new original episodes airing as soon as March 17th plus weve already renewed 11 of our top programs for next season and are aggressively engaged in finding the best new shows. Were approaching the upcoming pilot season with an eye on building a faster, leaner development model with fewer expense of pilot and greater cost efficiencies across the board.  When we meet with advertisers on May 14th at Carnegie Hall well be offering clients a full range of opportunities for the fall season both on air and online and we will also use it as a great opportunity to showcase the incredible power of all the terrific advertising platforms across the great CBS company. This of course, includes our local stations where some very positive developments are taking place. First, on the re-trans front weve concluded 20 deals with MSOs and continue to realize cash for the value of our programming. Some of the bigger contracts are coming up as soon as 09 and we fully expect to get paid for our programming in those deals as well.  Second, we are in the beginning of an unprecedented election year. Were already seeing record spending with the expectation it will continue all year long. In California one of the mostly hotly contested states we own six stations in the states biggest markets.  And, for the first time more of those political dollars are coming to radio as well particularly in issue related spending in California. So, between political dollars and strong gains in online traffic which were up 35% in 07, radio is looking at two promising new revenue streams in 08. But, of course, the most crucial improvements in radio are coming in the core business of our over the air programming. Everywhere [Dan Maintanes] team has attacked the problems, the numbers have improved. In the 14 stations where we have introduced new formats or major programming changes, ratings have increased by a combined 29% and revenue is up double digits as well. More broadly, the latest Orbitron show CBS Radio accumulative ratings increased by more than 6% year-to-year at our 140 stations and we were number one in 10 markets across the country including New York, Philadelphia, Boston and Seattle. We are now going about the challenge of effectively monetizing these results and Dans team has been laser focused on growing revenues through a new streamlined sales structure. In addition to positioning ourselves to grow the top line, weve taken significant steps to improve our cost structures in radio as well making sizeable reductions without hurting our prospects for growth. Now, lets turn to Outdoor which continues to be one of the biggest success stories at CBS and which like TV and radio is also greatly benefiting from the digital revolution. The segment finished 2007 with tremendous moment including strong double digit profit gains in the fourth quarter. OBIDA was up a healthy 19% during the quarter with our North American billboard operations turning in revenue increases of 9% in the US, 9% in Canada and 19% in Mexico. Across the board both overseas and here in North America we continue to be very excited about outdoors growth prospects. As I mentioned, the new efficiencies introduced by digital make this an incredibly profitable business and were building it out fast. By the end of 07 about 4,000 of our display faces were digitized, a number we expect to double by 08. Weve recently signed several new billboard contracts all across the country particularly in the biggest markets and we will continue to use a prudent amount of our pre-cash flow to make more investments in the high growth business around the world. Those are just some of the highlights from our businesses. Across the board you can see that we begin 08 in great shape. Weve pruned our asset mix to shed some of our lower growth businesses like certain small market TV and radio stations. Weve used a portion of the proceeds to invest in other higher growth areas like Last FM which in January announced deals with all four major record labels to stream music online for free and has posted a 92% increase in US listening since that time and were beginning to monetize those results now. As well, weve invested in more than a dozen interactive properties. Weve maintained a pristine balance sheet with a sizeable cash balance allowing us to pay out a very strong dividend that now stands at $1.00 per share annually and enables us to be very nimble so that we can take advantage of any content or Internet opportunity that may present itself. Few companies in our space have the resources at their fingertips in this marketplace to be able to act as we can on opportunities in these areas. We are using our established businesses as content engines that fuel the Internet and all of the new platforms afforded by technology as well as continuing to run our core businesses at the very top levels. As a result, we are well positioned to grow revenues and profits in 08 and beyond. Thank you. Im now going to turn it over to Fred Reynolds.
Fredric G. Reynolds : Good morning to all of you. Let me quickly provide you with a few highlights on our fourth quarter and 2007 operating performance. As Leslie mentioned at the start of his comments adjusted diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter was $0.54 versus 53% in the fourth quarter of 06. For the full year we came in at $1.88 earnings per share up 9.3% from 2006 $1.72. The items we adjusted from both years include non-cash write downs we recognized on publically traded investments, gains and losses on the divestiture of stations and the benefits from tax settlements.  During the fourth quarter 2007, we wrote down our investments in Spanish broadcasting in [Westford I] to their stock price at December 31st. These write downs resulted in a fourth quarter non-cash charge of $72.3 million after tax or about $0.11 reduction in earnings per share. A year ago, as you may recall we took a similar mark to market write downs related to these investments which totaled almost $98 million after tax or $0.13 reduction in 2006 fourth quarter earnings per share.  Now, revenues for the fourth quarter 2007 totaled almost $3.8 billion. The divestiture of nine TV stations, 39 radio stations and the non-renewal of significant but low margin transit and street furniture contracts in New York City and Chicago coupled with record setting political spending in the fourth quarter 2006 reduced revenues by four percentage points versus the year ago results. 2007 fourth quarter revenues were led by strong growth at our outdoor segment as our US billboard revenues were up over 9% versus the fourth quarter of 2006. Our UK business was also up strongly posting revenue growth of over 9% local currency and a 17% overall versus a year ago. The CBS Network ad revenues in the fourth quarter 2007 were flat to year ago. As strong scatter market pricing offset the effects of the now settled WGA strike which required us to air far more hours of reruns in the fourth quarter 2007 versus 2006.  Total fourth quarter operating income before depreciation and amortization and operating income were $824 million and $705 million respectively up 4% and 3% respectively over the fourth quarter of 2006. In the fourth quarter 2006 we recognized an impairment charge related to the sale of TV stations of $65 million. Operating income was led by 29% growth at our outdoor segment along with lower corporate and residual costs versus the fourth quarter 2006. As Leslie mentioned free cash flows for the fourth quarter was very, very strong as it has been all year. Free cash flow totaled $122 million which included $150 million discretionary pre-funding of our qualified pension plans. Taking into account the pension pre-funding in both the fourth quarter 2007 and 2006, free cash flow was up a very strong 47% over year ago. Our ability to drive strong free cash flow across all our businesses despite of investing in higher capital spending has been just terrific. Cap ex spending for the fourth quarter totaled $167 million and for all of 2007 cap ex spending totaled $469 million, a $75 million increase from 2006 led by a $71 million jump at our outdoor business as we continued to expand our digital boards. Our non-outdoor segment cap ex spending for 2007 totaled $283 million, up only $4 million from the previous year as we do what Leslie said, we spend our money where we have the fastest growing assets which is digital boards outside the US and inside the US. Free cash flow for 2007 was $1.7 billion which again includes $150 million pension pre-funding. Taking into account the pension pre-funding for both 2007 and 2006, pre-cash flow was up slightly over very strong free cash flow in 2006.  Turning to our share buybacks, since the start of 2007 approximately 113 million shares had been repurchased including 6 million shares acquired this January as part of finalizing our second accelerated share repurchase transaction. In total, over 14% of our shares outstanding have been repurchased.  Let me quickly highlight the fourth quarter results from our three largest segments. First, the television segment; television revenues totaled $2.5 billion, down $100 million from the fourth quarter 06. The absence of record political advertising in the fourth quarter of 06, divesting the nine TV stations accounts for all of this drop in revenue. The TV segments operating income before depreciation and amortization for the fourth quarter was $502 million down $30 million from the previous year. Lower profits from the absence of political and syndication of higher margin programs such as Star Trek Voyager and 7th Heaven last year offset the benefits of significantly, significantly lower program and production costs and the profits from the off network syndication of NCIS this quarter. Radios fourth quarter revenues were down on a same station basis by 7% versus year ago and operating income before depreciation and amortization in the fourth quarter totaled $167 million, a $44 million drop from the fourth quarter of 06. Turning to outdoor, the fourth quarter 2007 revenues totaled $619 million up 7% over the prior year.  North Americas revenues were flat to 2006 fourth quarter as a 9% growth in our billboard business was offset by the absence of revenues from the transit and street furniture contract we did not renew in 2007. Europe and Asias fourth quarter revenue jumped 18% with half of this growth coming from organic growth. Fourth quarter operating income before depreciation and amortization for outdoor increased 19% from the year ago to $199 million with North America up 16% and Europe and Asia up 28% over last year.  So, to wrap up the fourth quarter and all of 2007, we successfully strengthened our portfolio by divesting the, for very attractive values, lower margin slower growth businesses. We returned over $4 billion of cash to our shareholders, delivered on our profit growth expectations and we leave 2007 with, as Leslie just said, with a very strong balance sheet which has the capacity to both fund investments and initiatives to increase our profit growth going forward and to return cash to shareholders.  Lets turn briefly to our expectations for 2008 and let me just as a reminder let you know in the fourth quarter 2007 we aired the Super Bowl. Unfortunately, we did not get to air the Super Bowl again this month. Also, in the first quarter of 2007 the NCAA Basketball March Madness Final Four games aired in the first quarter and the Championship Games aired in the second quarter last year. In 2008 both the Final Four and the Championship Games will air in the second quarter of 2008.  For 2008 we expect as we said in the earnings release today that our operating income before depreciation and amortization and operating income to grow between 3 and 5% over 2007 results excluding stock-based compensation expense. We are forecasting 2007 stock-based compensation expense to amount to $155 million to $165 million this year. We expect our effective income tax rate should be between 38% and 38.5% excluding any potential gains or losses on the sale of assets. We expect capital spending to be between $500 million and $550 million in 2008.  Thank you and with that wed now like to open the telephones lines and take all of your questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Well go first to John Blackledge, JP Morgan.
John Blackledge  JP Morgan: Just a couple of questions on Outdoor, it looks like CBS Outdoor on the US billboard side outperformed the industry in the fourth quarter of 9% top line growth. Just wondering how the US billboards are pacing in the first quarter at CBS Outdoor it seemed you saw [inaudible] in top line growth that the other customers are experiencing given the macro environment. Then, what was, I know you mentioned it earlier in the call, what was Outdoor cap ex in 07 and what type of growth can we see in Outdoor cap ex in 08? Then, how many large static boards are expected to be converted to digital boards in 08? 
Fredric G. Reynolds : Let me answer, while we dont give specific guidance on pacing, I guess I would tell you that Outdoors first quarter looks sort of like its fourth quarter. Again, I think as Leslie said at the outset because were not involved in a lot of the more troubled sectors of the economy relating to home building and real estate and mortgages that were having a very  the momentum continues in the US billboard business and just as you should note going forward we wont have to have the lap of the transit contracts because well pretty much be comparable going forward. In 2007 our cap ex spending for Outdoor for the full year was $186 million and that was up from $115 million in 2006. And on the digital boards the numbers that Leslie gave you are all our displays and so that contains a lot of displays in the London underground but the big billboards, we expect to add north of 100 billboards of the big display such as outside of the Bay Bridge and Oakland and maybe north of that. We have at least that many on order that should start coming on stream in the first half of the year and Leslie has been pushing for us to step that up. Leslie John, the only thing I want to add to Freds comments is I think one of the reasons we are outpacing the industry is we are primarily in the larger markets which we think is a much better place to be right now with this economy. That is still staying strong and will continue to be strong. 
Operator:  Well go next to Michael Nathanson with Sanford Berstein.
Michael Nathanson  Sanford Berstein: I have two for Fred. First, I wonder if you can talk a bit about the quarters improvement in free cash flow, how much of it was driven by the strike through the shutdown of pre-production?
Fredric G. Reynolds : Michael I would say the way we looked at it, its probably of the working capital it probably saved us between $60 and maybe $75 million of savings in no production cost. One of the beauties of our schedule, as you probably know is our drama repeat really well so we didnt have any cash going out and yet we retained 70% of the ratings or more and so we were able to retain that cash. As you noted the revenues stayed pretty flat despite the fact that we had a preponderance of reruns. So, I would put it kind of in that $70 million range. Its not exactly a precise number because we still had some cost going out but I think thats probably a good estimate Michael.
Michael Nathanson  Sanford Berstein: Then one for [inaudible] and another one to [inaudible] which is in 07 you purchased over 3 billion of stock, you spent $400 million in acquisitions. Im wondering as we look in 08 theres some concern that maybe the buyback will come to an end and youll spend more on doing deals. Can you talk a bit about what your expectations are for spending on deals this year and what types are you looking for?
Leslie Moonves : I mean obviously and we mentioned it, we are a content company and we are looking at new media. We are in the position to make deals if the right deals come into play. Obviously, our first priority is to pay dividends. We will continue to do that and we might increase the dividends over the course of this year; that is our first priority. Secondly, as I said before, we are in a position that few companies are in having the balance sheet that we have that we can move quickly and there are certain deals that might be available today that might be more attractive to us than some of the prices that have been paid over the last couple of years that we felt were a bit out of line. So, were pretty nimble and were ready to go.
Operator: Well go next to Victor Miller with Bear Stearns.
Victor Miller  Bear Stearns: First of all, just the radio division could you give us any additional insights on to the changes that you announced recently and what impact that might have on the expense base for the radio division? Secondly, in the fourth quarter you say a $51 million drop in revenue but only a $7 million drop on the expense side. Can you talk about what you decided to do in the radio division in the fourth quarter?
Leslie Moonves : Ill do the first part and then Ill turn it over to Fred. Obviously, on radio we have an entirely new team, we moved over our CFO from the television group Anton Guitano whos a world class CFO. Plus, we added a new head of sales from Interep and literally market-by-market weve gone through restructured where appropriate. We have made changes, we have certainly downsized in certain markets that they were clearly overstaffed, weve changed programming. I think our radio division from top to bottom has an entire new look and the efficiencies that were seeing not only by the layoffs but just by the operations are extreme. And, as I said, where programming changes have taken place or format changes, weve seen immediate numbers go up and ratings go up and we think thats going to be monetized very, very soon.
Fredric G. Reynolds : On the cost side, as you may remember we took some significant reductions at the end of 06, early 07 so you are seeing the full impact in that in the fourth quarter. Also, youre seeing some of the stations that we divested that were lower margins or no margins so youre seeing less cost there. All the initiatives that Leslie referred to are really going to fall, the new initiatives are falling into 08 so youre going to see a further reduction. I mean, it is clear that were not reducing on programming and were not reducing our promotion costs. Were redeploying a lot of these savings but still having a net savings from these cost reductions. We have totally revamped that structure. Theyve taken out lots of layers, they streamlined a lot of the organization, they move quickly so well see almost a full year benefit after any severance cost in 2008 with this new restructuring which is not insignificant.
Victor Miller  Bear Stearns: Fred, just to follow through, the EPS, you didnt say anything about EPS. In your previous youve also given a longer term view of the revenue and EBITDA expectation for the company. Have you changed your view of those longer term growths and any comments on EPS?
Fredric G. Reynolds : No. I guess were just focusing on operating income and operating income before depreciation and amortization. The only reason Victor I havent looked at EPS going forward is I still expect us to have further reductions in our tax rate and at this point I think giving you the range I gave of 38 to 38.5 is good for now. I hope that we will beat that as we get more clarity in that. But, no we still think earnings per share will outpace OI, operating income and operating income before depreciation. Theres nothing else that will affect it because interest expenses is pretty stabilized. 
Operator:  Well go next to Lucas Binder with UBS.
Lucas Binder  UBS:  A couple of quick questions, I know Les you discussed a little bit about how the business model has changed following the strike. Can you give us a sense of how long do you think this will be in place? Do you think this is a permanent change? Or, over the next couple of years we go back to some of the traditional pilots and sort of a little bit longer tail associated with the whole development process? The other question is when you think about investments, I know you mentioned before how diligent youre being, are there specific areas that youre focused on for potential investments? Or, should we just assume content and online and leave it at that? 
Leslie Moonves : The changes that have happen, number one we have cut our overall deals by more than 50%. We have cut the number of scripts that were going to do by quite a bit. We are going to do a lot less pilots, a lot more presentations because I think that is a very efficient way of doing it and knowing what product you have. I think many of these changes, certainly the overall deals, we will never get up to the number that we had before so these changes will be fundamental and youll find it throughout the system and certainly at our place and I think there will be a great deal of cost reduction. In addition, the upfront process we will be going back to Carnegie Hall but we will be a lot less bells and whistles. Were not doing an affiliate meeting this year. So, theres a number of cost savings things were doing in the network business that will last forever.  Regarding the potential investments, Id really rather not going any further than that. As I said, we are a content company, were looking for other avenues for content which will involve either content or interactive places that can use that content. Well leave it right there. Once again, another place that were looking to expand and invest is our outdoor business which is thriving both domestically and internationally. 
Operator:  Well go next to Jessica Reif-Cohen with Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif-Cohen  Merrill Lynch: First, quantify the Q4 impact of the writers strike. I was wondering if you could do the same for the first quarter and to the extent that youre now ramping up production, will we see a bounce back in costs? Also, you normally give long term guidance, can you comment on that?
Leslie Moonves : On the first part of it, Jessica we will end up at the end of this year probably with 17 or 18 episodes of our top shows versus 23 or 24. So, that will be a significant cost reduction. In addition, some of the marginal shows that we ordered an initial 13 we have not ordered back orders on which we wont determine until May so there will be a significant cost reduction on that as well. Plus, as I mentioned before the overall deals, the ability during the strike to literally cut our script production in half has saved many millions of dollars doing that.
Fredric G. Reynolds : Jessica, on the long term guidance again, I think with the core business we have today again, we think that we should be able to grow mid single digits our operating income and EPS high single digits. I dont think thats changed at all so were still on that same path. That should be the long term prospect. But again, I would ask as digital becomes more powerful and as retransmissions become more powerful, the revenues from that in that 9, 10 and 11 there may be an uptick to that. Well have to access that along with the general economy and all the other things. But, right now we think the long term prospects are unchanged.
Jessica Reif-Cohen  Merrill Lynch: Can I ask one follow up, on Showtime is it clear that when the film contracts come up theyll come back at a lower rate? What is the timing of that? When will we see that? Will that be 08 or 09?
Leslie Moonves : Were talking to all three companies we currently have existing deals with. Theres one that was up recently and a couple that are up at the end of the year so we will see the effective of this in 08.
Fredric G. Reynolds : But Jessica, I missed your opening comment. You said what will happen when they renew?
Jessica Reif-Cohen  Merrill Lynch: Theyll be renewed at lower rates?
Fredric G. Reynolds : That the telecos will have lower rates?
Leslie Moonves : No, no the movie companies.
Fredric G. Reynolds : Oh, I thought you said Teleco.
Leslie Moonves : No, the output deals. They will be that way but I think some of them will happen over the next few months.
Operator:  Well go next to Anthony Di Clemente with Lehman Brothers.
Anthony Di Clemente  Lehman Brothers:  First, for Fred, if you exclude the year-over-year impact of political in 4Q07, what was the core advertising trend year-over-year first at the TV stations and then secondly at the TV network? Secondly, this one is for Les, Les youve talked a lot about getting cash for retransmission consent, if you look at the deal that Cox signed with the ABC TV affiliates this week, it seems like Cox is giving the ABC affiliates value in form of participating in the VOD economics, theyre disabling the fast forward function of the VOD so you can get an advertising spot in there. I know you have contracts coming up in 09, 2010 and 11 each the next three years, is that kind of a proxy of how value could be reflected in terms of retrans? Or, will it definitely still, in your mind be cash as you negotiate with those MSOs?
Fredric G. Reynolds : On the political question, obviously 06 has a tremendous amount of political, we still sold those spots but at a lesser value. So, it probably had three points or more kind of impact on a growth rate at the TV station. The network gets no political, we dont take advocacy ads so the political spending in any year is of no matter or moment with the network, its only at the local assets radio and TV stations. So we would have seen obviously 07 would have grown, the underlying growth would have been strong over 06.
Anthony Di Clemente  Lehman Brothers: Just at the TV stations if you strip out the impact of those three points, what is the advertising year-over-year at the TV stations in the fourth quarter?
Fredric G. Reynolds : In the fourth quarter, that was the full year, in the fourth quarter you know Anthony I dont have that broken out that way so Ill have to get back with you on that. 
Leslie Moonves : On the retrans issue, obviously as I mentioned, we did 20 contracts so far, theyre smaller and midsized MSOs. Weve gotten paid cash for them. Were looking at all sorts of deals, we intend to be paid cash but, once again, whatever the value may be, if it goes through the bottom line we are open to any form and any way people want to call it. We know that we will get paid for our content and whatever form that may take, we are open to any sort of deal. 
Anthony Di Clemente  Lehman Brothers: How about in terms of getting value for a second CBS signal, a second HD signal, does that make sense or no? 
Leslie Moonves : It could make sense in the future. As of yet, nobodys been able to do that successfully but we are obviously making plans and there are possibilities that will happen. 
Operator: Well go next to Marci Ryvicker with Wachovia Securities.
Marci Ryvicker  Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: I have a couple of questions and the first I apologize if you already addressed this but, do you still believe that CBS Radio will generate revenue growth in 2008? Then, secondly, Les you mentioned that the scatter market is strong, can you quantify the strength of scatter pricing? Lastly, I know you mentioned you are not seeing signs of a recession but clearly the economy is weak and since youre involved in a variety of media, is there one segment in particular that is being impacted by the economy more than any other?
Leslie Moonves : There will be revenue growth in the CBS Radio group, we believe that. In terms of scatter market pricing, right now it maintains itself north of 30% higher than the upfront. In terms of recession, once again, I dont want to say the companys recession proof; we have not seen it yet. My guess it would affect the smaller market radio stations and television stations first but we have not see the affect of that yet.
Operator:  Well go next to Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank.
Douglas Mitchelson  Deutsche Bank: A couple of questions, Les, look over the last decade youve probably been the best programmer of network television out there, especially primetime. It seems like were hearing from all of the network guys about cost savings from the strike and redoing the businesses but, we havent had a lot of new hit shows from any of the networks the last year or two. How do you feel about creating new hit shows in this environment with less spending going into the development process?
Leslie Moonves : You know what, I think theres been a lot of wasted spending. When I look back over the various shows that Ive been involved in that have been hits, it hasnt been necessarily the most expensive shows that have hit it out of the ballpark. Theres some feeling that you dont need to spend $5 million on a pilot to know whether you have a potential hit series. I think pilots are vastly overrated, its all about episode 20 not episode one. You want to get a flavor of what it is and I think what the strike has given us the ability to do is reexamine how you get from point A to point B. Yes, I have been involved in a lot of hit television shows, this hasnt been a great era in the last two years for just about anybody. I think we all could use a few more hits but I dont think you have to spend a huge amount of money to find those hits if you know what youre doing.
Douglas Mitchelson  Deutsche Bank: Let me go back to the old days when the networks were a lot more patient with shows they liked.
Leslie Moonves : I dont think I could point to any shows in the last three of four years that have been pulled too quickly that may have turned into hits. I think nowadays you know by in large you know where youre at fairly quickly. Weve gotten it down fairly well so you can see the first three or four weeks ratings and seeing whether you have the potential to grow. When a show drops from the first week to the second by 20% thats not a create sign that people are hanging in there with that show. You can sort of tell trends and when youve been doing it as long as I do theres rarely a surprise or a show that dips 20 or 30% which eventually comes out of it. So, I think theres enough patience there and experiences teaches you what to do. In addition, theres one thing Doug, when we cancel a show after two or three episodes you guys dont realize weve seen the next four episodes. So, were pretty patient.
Douglas Mitchelson  Deutsche Bank: Alright. So, the second question also for you Les, I think when you look at the upfront this year, whatever the upfront process is going to turn out to be Im not sure Ive ever seen such a strange dynamic between incredibly strong scatter pricing but a softening in the economy. In the conversations youre having with advertisers, can you give me any insight as to what theyre thinking as they start to plan for next season?
Leslie Moonves : You know what, I think the advertisers are pleased theres going to be an upfront even though it will be a scaled down upfront. I think once again, as we said in the earlier remarks I think network television is still the best game in town. Theres a reason there was a plus 9% CPM last May and granted that was a while ago, I still think people believe in network television. I still think FOX was getting with this big recession in the second week of February, FOX got $2.7 million for a couple of 30 second spots in the Super Bowl. That doesnt tell me that theres something drastically wrong with the economy when guys will pay that much for those kinds of spots. I think television is still very, very strong and if you want to amass a large audience even as you look towards a potential recession, the last thing you want to do is pull back from network.
Douglas Mitchelson  Deutsche Bank: So, we shouldnt expect any worse advertising grumblings than we have every other year?
Leslie Moonves : It will be the same. It will be the same. Were ready for the onslaught.
Operator: Well go next to David Miller, SMH Capital Markets.
David Miller  SMH Capital Markets: This is a question related to Dougs question. Les, in the past I believe the most successful genre youve had from a programming perspective in prime time has been crime dramas. Those tend to be very expensive pieces of programming and yet you say in your prepared remarks that youre prepared to streamline production costs. Im just wondering if theres going to be an emphasis on a different genre going forward in 08, 09 rather than crime dramas that have been very successful for you in the past? Then Fred, you also said I believe in answering another question here that you expect a lower marginal tax rate in 08, why is that?
Leslie Moonves : In terms of the crime genre, number one CSI costs no more than Lost, Desperate Housewives, Heros and by the way, our CSI franchise, our big crime franchise, as brought in over $2 billion worth of revenue. Ill take that any day of the week. I think when were talking about streamlining I think there are certain things you can do in the pilot process per say but at CBS crime has always paid. 
Fredric G. Reynolds :  Ill just take the second one on tax rate. One, the reason that well have a lower effective tax rate is because we put into place over the last couple of years including 07 tax strategies that have lowered our rate both at the state and local level but also federal and overseas. So, these are permanent reductions because of different tax strategies that we put in place so we feel pretty good that well be in that range of 38 to 38.5%. But, I have to tell you, I still think we can drive it a little bit lower. I dont have the set of plans right in front of me that gets us there but you can just count on were going to be looking at every opportunity to lower that rate.
Operator:  Our next question is from Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley. 
Benjamin Swinburne  Morgan Stanley: One for Fred, one for Les; Fred, you may have said this before, I may have missed it but can you give the network organic revenue growth in the fourth quarter and any commentary on how 1Q is trending on a year-over-year basis at the network level? Then Les, the shift in network planning heading into next year is obviously very significant how do you think about CPL levels on an absolute basis for network television given the scatter market pricing heading into another upfront with less shows and potentially at least headline ratings down, I realize whether these ratings are that relevant is an open question but, with headline ratings down so the effective CPM need to grow well above inflation. At what point do you worry about network primetime CPMs, the absolute dollars relative to say cable networks but even looking at things like online video and just other national platforms that may begin to look cheaper and cheaper for advertisers?
Fredric G. Reynolds : On the first question, as I mentioned at the opening that the network advertising revenues for the fourth quarter were flat with fourth quarter of 06. Now, I would say thats just something that goes on in the network, if you follow as Leslie has said, that the content that goes on to other platforms outside of network, that ad revenue actually made a positive because were getting a lot of ad revenue online or via mobile. But, the traditional network was flat even though we had significantly more reruns in the fourth quarter 07 versus fourth quarter 06 because of the strike.
Leslie Moonves : Ben, I dont think the changes are going to be quite as drastic as people think. Ive been doing this about 20 years now, the amount of years that the CPMs have been down are about two or three over that period of time. Obviously, were in a new ballgame with C3 and everybody is still trying to figure out what it is, we have ascertained and we really believe C3 will help broadcast television and its proving to be the case versus cable network and the other platforms. Network is still the strongest game in town. Its proven by scatter pricing and those people who dont participate in the upfront at those CPM games generally are paying more and more money. Theyre a couple of advertisers that made a big deal about not being a part of the upfront and they have ended up regretting that. We think that will still be the case right now. We think pricing remains very strong, were very pleased about it. Once again, its hard to figure out the players without a score card, C3 is unusual its a new system, theres been a strike so theres been more repeats so once again, I expect CPMs to be up in May and I think network remains strong.
Martin M. Shea : Thanks everyone and well be talking to you during the day.
Operator:  This does conclude todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-11-02 16:30:00) =====
Executives:  Martin Shea - EVP of IR Sumner Redstone - Executive Chairman Leslie Moonves - President and CEO Fredric Reynolds - EVP and CFO 
Analysts:  Lucas Binder - UBS Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch Victor B. Miller - Bear Sterns John Blackledge - J.P Morgan John Klim - Creditt Suisse Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein Anthony DiClemente - Lehman Brothers Marci Ryvicker - Wachovia Securities   
Operator:  Good day everyone and welcome to the CBS Corporation Third Quarter 2007 Earning Release Teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Marty Shea. Please go ahead sir. 
Martin Shea - Executive Vice President of Investor Relations:  Good afternoon and Thank you for taking time to join us for our third quarter 2007 earnings call. Joining me for today's discussion is Sumner Redstone, our Executive Chairman; Leslie Moonves, the President and CEO of CBS; and Fred Reynolds, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Sumner will have some opening remarks and then turn the call over to Les and Fred for strategic and financial issues. We'll then open up the call to questions.  Let me note that statements on this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's news releases and security filings. A summary of CBS Corporation's third quarter 2007 results should have been sent to all of you, if you did not receive the results please call Poonam Desai at 975-3667 and she will get it to you. A web cast of the call, the earnings release, and other information related to the presentation can be found on CBS Corporation's corporate website at the address cbscorporation.com.  Now I will turn the call over to Sumner. 
Sumner Redstone - Executive Chairman:  Thanks Marty and good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us. Now it is really hard to believe two years have passed since the CBS Corporation was formed, a progress that has been made since then equally hard to believe. This company is doing exactly what we set out to do, which is to perform at the top of our respective industries, while generating healthy free cash flow, returning value to shareholders through the increasing, always increasing dividends and buy backs. We are able to do that because CBS makes and distributes some of the best mass appeal content in the world. At the same time our businesses is revolving and change into capitalizer from the remarkable opportunities presented by the new media age.  CBS content is available wherever, however, and whenever audiences want to get it and we are getting paid for it in all of these ways too. Making this possible is of course a highly committed, highly creative team of top tier professionals led by my very good friend, the incomparable Leslie. I am clearly exited really about what the future holds for this great company and Les will tell you all about it. 
Leslie Moonves - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Thank you, very much Sumner for the nice words. Hello everybody, thank you for joining us on the call this afternoon. Today I am going to take you through the highlights of our financial results and then discuss a few of the most significant developments at CBS during the quarter. After my remarks my colleague and our CFO, Fred Reynolds will discuss the financials in greater detail and then we will open up the call to your questions.  When we became the CBS Corporation seven quarters ago; we set out to manage all our operations with distinction, to expand our profit margins, and to return value to our shareholders. During this past quarter we delivered on each of these goals. We are achieving these results by continually evaluating and refining our asset portfolio. As we exit slower growth areas, we are better able to manage the assets we have and then utilize our extraordinary cash flow to focus on higher growth opportunities for the future.  This refocusing of our assets is well under way. During the quarter we acquired SignStorey, which we renamed CBS Outernet, a video in-store advertising company and we further invested in our online properties to help build our aggregate audience and we significantly built out our digital billboards and transit displays around the world. Each of these actions is complementary to our existing businesses which we are actively moving into the future.  As we all know the media industry is changing more rapidly than ever. These changes represent opportunity and we welcome them. I am particularly pleased with the way we are building on our strong core businesses and moving them into the interactive age that clearly lies ahead. Going forward we will continue to position ourselves for faster growth of revenues across all the emerging platforms. While we do this, we continue to turn in solid operating performances that will allow us to invest in our businesses and return value to shareholders.  During this third quarter we also implemented a $1.6 billion accelerated share repurchase program and increased our quarterly cash dividend by 14% to $0.25 per share. Since January 1, 2006 we have raised our quarterly dividend 5 times, a total increase of nearly 80%. We were able to accomplish this by utilizing our excellent free cash flow which continues to be one our great stories.  Free cash flow has now reached almost $1.6 billion for the first nine months for the year. Our earnings also grew during the quarter, net earnings from continuing operations was up 5% to $340 million and EPS from continuing operations was up 14% to $0.48 per diluted share.  Our OIBDA up $758 million was also up from last year. Operating income was flat despite healthy performances in television, outdoor and publishing due to continued challenges at radio, which I will say more about in a few minutes.  These good profit earnings and cash flow performances were accomplished in spite of the fact that revenue is down slightly as we rolled over non-comparable items including the sales of TV and radios stations, the shut down of UPN television network, and the non-renewal of marginally profitable transit contracts. The sales of these assets has set us up to pursue a far more attractive business model to grow our top-line in the future. We will continue to operate our businesses efficiently, increase margins, and produce significant levels of cash. Our continued solid performance in all these areas should tell you a lot about why we are so confident in where CBS is headed.  Now let's take a look at each of those businesses starting with television. For the quarter OIBDA and operating income were each up 4% while revenues were up 3% due in part to the non-comparable items I just mentioned. The growth in OIBDA and operating income in television reflected higher profits from the mix of titles and syndications and underlying advertising revenue growth. I want to say a few words now about the state of our network business which has been the subject to some confusion lately.  Our landscape is changing; we think these changes will produce tremendous opportunities for content companies like ours. Before I continue however, I want to mention the possibility of WGA Writers Guild strike. We continue to engage in serious negotiation and hope that an agreement is reached soon. But make no mistake we are prepared, we have a full slate of new first run programming ready to go both now and at mid season.  Our dramas and comedy repeats extremely well, the bottom-line is this, in the event of the strike we are fully prepared to offer alternative programming options and we would anticipate no material impact on the company for the remainder of the television season.  Now about that season, its clear to anyone who follows television that we are in the middle of the most significant periods of change since the advent Nielsen people-meters 20 years ago. Overnight ratings mean less and less everyday as people use a variety of new technologies to view, stream, or download or sometimes wildering away of content. People are watching at their own convenience and they are arranging their own schedules. But one thing is not changing, no matter what device they are using, they are still watching their favorite network shows, and every new way they do so represents the new way for us to monetize that content.  New viewing habits have mandated new ways of measuring our audience. As you know this year for the first time, television ratings are based on a whole new scale. In the new map, it's the people who watch commercials who count to our advertisers. These viewers are much more valuable to the advertisers since they are far more engaged with the commercial itself. This is good news for the broadcasting business. Only our medium continues to deliver the kind of mass audience national advertisers require. Better still, the numbers tell us that the big broadcast networks are in retaining viewers during commercials, much more efficiently than cable does, because our viewers are significantly more engaged in what they are watching. Advertisers clearly understand this. In the last several months scatter pricing continues to be way up into double-digits. Right now north of 35%, which is clearly far in excess of what advertisers pay during the upfront. Remember this inventory is sold without guarantees regardless of ratings. Advertisers understand, how essential the networks are in this complicated media landscape.  The DVR is at the centre of many of these changes. As we have said, the growth of DVR penetration is only helping us to count and monetize our changing audience. Here too the broadcast networks are the winners. The new numbers show that as we suspected people are using DVR's to time ship and view a disproportionate amount of programming from broadcast television. The biggest winners turn out to be the strong existing hits that people love.  The five broadcast networks are now getting 78% of all prime time playback. When you compare this number to the fact that the five broadcast networks receive about half of all live viewing, you can see how DVR's are providing the networks with a new competitive advantage. I am particularly pleased that among our peers CBS has delivered the highest lift in viewers in DVR playback and even without the DVR's, established shows continue to claim the top spots early in the season. CSI is still the top rated show with more than 20 million live viewers and another 3.2 million through playback, for a total of just under 24 million viewers. That's a big number in any season.  CBS continues to have the most stable line up with the most breadth of successful programs on television, where number one on 3 nights of the week and number two on four. Its clear that in the complicated new media environment, people are gravitating to hits and to big live events. This makes sports programming more valuable than ever and people are watching more and more of it. And sports programming continues to have very high commercial audience retentions, that's good news for CBS as well. Our broadcast of the New England Patriots, Dallas Cowboys game on October 14th was the most watched NFL regular season game in more than a decade, with an average of 29 million viewers. In fact it was the largest audience for any thing on broadcast TV, since the American Idol Finale in May. The Patriots Cowboys game also brought a healthy lift to our TV stations that air the game, and this Sundays show down, between the Undefeated Patriots and Undefeated Colts should post terrific numbers too. This is the latest point in the season that two unbeaten teams have played each other in NFL history and it is on the CBS Television Network.  Overall CBS sports coverage of the NFL is up 10% from this time last year, the NFL toady is up 4%, both of which are the best increases among all NFL broadcasters, and through this past Sunday more people have watched NFL games on CBS than any other network. Meanwhile the sports advertising marketplace continues to be extremely strong with NFL CPM's up double-digits year-over-year, having the sweet scale but all the big AFC games through AFC championship is very exciting, at this pricing we will be seeing benefits, from now through the end of January '08.  Turning to syndication, CBS Television Distribution continues to have 8 of the top 10 highest rated shows virtually every week and we have some promising new shows in development including a spin-off of the very successful Dr. Phil franchise that has already sold in more than 50% of the nation. Demand for our programming is fast growing and international marketplace is extremely strong as well.  I just got that from MIPCOM, which is the largest international distribution trade show in the industry and it was the biggest MIPCOM ever. The demand for American television programming is very healthy throughout the world. CSI Miami is now the number one exported show in the world and since we became the sole distributor of the entire CSI franchise throughout the world, we will realize an even greater piece of the global pie. This arena represents one of our most encouraging opportunities for growth.  In cable, we are especially pleased with the performance being turned in by Showtime who's original programming is performing at unprecedented numbers and is probably it's best buzz ever among critics and fans. Season two of Dexter outperformed its original debut by 67% and has quickly become the networks top rated show. Brotherhood is also showing marked improvements from last season and is up 31%. Weeds, now in its third season is averaging 20% more viewers than last season. And finally the series debut of Californication, yes that's the name of the show delivered the networks biggest scripted comedy debut since 2001. It's no wonder that many are now saying Showtime is clearly the hottest premier premium cable network in America. It's also hot on iTunes by the way.  Meanwhile subscriber numbers and fees continue to climb upward. I will tell something interesting about that subscriber growth. A significant part of it is coming from the new Telco's which are starting to show very strong gain, as Telco's like FiOS grow, Showtime will benefit and so will CBS. These Telco's are the same companies that obstruct retransmission, consent deals for CBS programming as well. They have actually built the price of retransmission fees into their business models. We believe this recognition of the value of our content can only help as we move forward selecting re-trans from their cable competitors.  Television is our primary business, but we are making in roads in other areas as a future value as well. Over our new film business we are very fortunate to have named Amy Baer, a former top executive at Sony Feature Films as the President of the Division. Amy will be in charge of creating broad appeal movies in the $10 million to $50 million range which will be distributed through all of our channels. Showtime, international, online DVD, and of course theatres. We think this business fits nicely with our core strength and this is another good way to diversify our portfolio.  As I mentioned across all of our segments, we have been investing on our internet businesses as well. I am pleased to say that we are seeing dramatic increases in their performance across the board. During the third quarter Big Brother was the most visited online television site this past summer and video streams were up triple digits year-over-year on cbs.com as a whole. We have really improved our web player and made more of our shows available online in more places than ever before. As consumption habits change, we continue to learn about our audience. For example, our data shows that online streams spike right before television broadcast as viewers look to catch up on previous episodes before the live one. And the good news is that this is incremental viewing.  We are also experiencing a tremendous volume of users choosing to interact with our short form content. So we are increasingly syndicating these clips across to CBS audience network which can only be monetized with ads, but can promote the television network as well. Cbssports.com has been a terrific story for us as well. According to September data from Nielsen's net rating, cbssports.com is the number one sports site in terms of visits per person and time spent per person. These are metrics that advertises luck. When you have the largest number of NFL viewers out there, it makes sense that you will have superior web traffic as well. And our social networking music destination Last.fm continues its rapid growth and the opportunity to visit with Last.fm founders in London last month and was truly impressed with how they are building out their audience. Audio streaming is up 400% from last year and 100% since we acquired it and since the acquisition, time spend on the site has grown 150% and we are seeing a strong growth in video stream.  Now let's look at radio, where we clearly face significant challenges. On a same station basis, excluding domestic stations, revenue is down 7% which is not acceptable to us. But under the leadership of Dan Mason we believe that the turnaround of this division is underway. We are beginning to see some very positive signs in our largest markets. We have refined our asset portfolio as you know which is allowing us to concentrate our efforts in the areas where we can make the biggest difference and Dan is doing just that. He is a programmer, he is focused on delivering the formats and programming that local listeners want to hear. Early indications are good. The most recent ratings book from Arbitron indicate that that those moves are paying off. CBS Radio, big station cluster in New York gained 23% year-over-year and adult 25 to 54. Since changing formats WCBS FM has moved from 20th place to 6th place and increases share of New York audiences by 85% and WFAN finished up 13% year-over-year among its targeted moment 25 to 54 moving into second place and as Dan turns his attention to the number two market, we are also seeing gains in key demos in Los Angles as well.  Directive now is to turn those ratings into dollars. We've made some important moves here. Just last week Dan streamlined his executive structure and also named Michael Weiss to be President of CBS Radio sales. Michael has been the Head of CBS's Radio rep firm for many years and will now have reporting lines into the directors of sales at all of our stations. I believe the combination of continued rating gains and our new sales structure bodes well for the performance of our radio division heading into '08.  At the same time, CBS Radio is making a very aggressive move into the new digital future. We think, there are significant up sides here in a business that clearly has to change and look for new ways to grow. Here as in so many media sectors, the Internet offers great promise. We've always been primarily a drive time business, but streaming radio online moves the medium into places as it has never been before, making it possible for people to tune in at any time of the day, particularly between 9 and 5 when people are at work. This is truly an additive revenue opportunity and CBS is making sure we capture the largest possible piece of that pie. That's why we are making a significant push at our online radio stations where we are seeing remarkable year-over-year growth. People are listening towards stations over the air during morning drive at they always have and then continuing to listen at work as well through their computers.  Radio is also a medium of choice during times of crisis and online listening is up there as well. Our two all news radios stations in LA not only saw a huge increase in listeners during the wildfires last weak, they also saw ten fold increases in the number of people streaming their newscast over the Internet. In addition, Digital HD Radio is coming into it's own and we are in the forefront of that business. This new medium allows us to create additional digital stations within our bandwidth with creating entire new revenue streams that can be sold to advertisers and attract new listeners.  Radio has to change and it is changing, at the medium and at CBS. In the short-term radio is very well responsive to changes and format which are quickly reflected in ratings that we are now selling. Going forward new technology offers many opportunities. We believe in this unique local power both terrestrially and digitally, and we won't be satisfied until radio is growing its audience share, revenue and profits.  Outdoor continues to be a great business for us. Here in U.S. third quarter billboard revenues increased 7% and overseas revenues were up 13%. Excellent growth in our domestic business here was offset by revenue declines in trends and in display due to the non renewal of those of marginal contracts I mentioned earlier. We are far better off without those.  In October the core businesses is great and the future looks even better because it's increasing digitally. Digital innovation is creating and exploding new set of opportunities that is attracting increased demand to across the board from existing clients to advertisers that never considered the outdoor medium before. That's why we are deploying capital to invest in high growth digital billboards and transit display.  Through the third quarter we had more than 4,650 digital displays up and running worldwide with another 500 expected by the end of the year. When I was in the UK a few weeks ago, the opportunity to see first Dan, the progress that has been made on our London underground investment. We are rolling out our new cross track projection technology that allows HD moving messages to be digitally projected onto the wall opposite the platforms. We are expecting great things as we make this available throughout the London underground and beyond.  The display business is not only outdoor of course, it is moving indoors as well that's why acquired CBS Outernet as I mentioned. This business is a leading provider of programming and advertising content to retail outlets across the country and placed right into what we do best here at CBS, provide programming and sell advertising.  With CBS Outernet we can help our advertisers reach consumers out of their homes directly at the point of purchase, plus more than 78 million monthly shoppers will now have access to CBS's national and local entertainment news and sports content at CBS Outernet locations across the country.  Finally, publishing continues to thrive as Simon & Schuster delivered yet another quarter of stellar book sale. Titles such as, Become A Better You, by Joel Osteen and the continued success of The Secret, by Rhonda Byrne helped those revenue by 9%. The company has also made steady progress in the digital warehouse project. This is new storage distribution and transactional system that will digitize and house all Simon & Schuster content and manage license of our intellectual property. By year-end we expect to have 13,000 titles incorporated into the system.  During the quarter we also announced the promotion of Carolyn Reidy to the role of President and CEO of Simon & Schuster effective January 1, 2008, after Jack Romanos retires at year end. Carolyn previously ran Simon & Schuster's Dell publishing division which accounts for the lion share of the division's revenue and as you recall Simon & Schuster had its best year ever last year.  Particularly gratifying when you have a deep management bench that allows you to replace one top tier executive with an internal candidate of Carolyn caliber. She is extremely well regarded not only in the industry but, also inside Simon & Schuster as well. We think she will do great things here.  So in conclusion those were our businesses. Across the board our world-class assets continue to throw up healthy levels of cash, allows us to invest in our operations and return value to our shareholders. Remember as well we have and will continue to shed lower and add higher margin businesses. Our goals are very clear, to operate our core businesses with distinction and to move aggressively in to the digital interactive future as well. We are doing this both through external acquisitions like CBS Outernet and Last.fm and with our internal investments in CBS audience network, CBS mobile, station website, outdoor digital displays, and digitizing of our book titles. The goal is to transform our businesses so that every dollar of revenue is producing a greater percentage of profit.  Along the way one thing is constant, content will drive success. If content breaks through the clutter and enables to advertisers to reach consumers most effectively regardless of the platform. An interaction with leading content is driving the growth of those platforms and devices that we are seeing today that's why we will continue to investment in new kinds of content, whether it is short form online clips or full length theatricals. As we demonstrated with the CBS Television Network and across all of our businesses including the resurge in Showtime, CBS is a great content company.  We will continue to capitalize upon CBS's position of creative leadership and operational excellence during this remarkable time of change in the marketplace and grow this corporation in the months and years ahead.  Now I would like to hand over the call to my colleague Fred Reynolds who will tell you about our financials in more details. 
Fredric Reynolds - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Thank you Leslie and good afternoon. Let me briefly take you through some of the financial highlights for the third quarter of 2007 and provide some additional information on our operating performance for the quarter. As you noted at the outset... as we not at the outset the third quarter net earnings from continuing operations totaled $340 million up 5.1% over the third quarter of 2006.  Earnings per share from continuing operation was $0.48 as Leslie just mentioned, an increase of 14%, as fewer shares outstanding due to share repurchases totaling $3.4 billion and our higher net earnings drove earnings per share for the third quarter. Free cash flow for the third quarter totaled $266 million bringing our year-to-date free cash flow to almost $1.590 billion. Our free cash flow for the third quarter was very strong in comparison to the last years third quarter is hampered somewhat due to the previously discussed Federal Income Tax overpayment last year which increased the third quarter of 2006 free cash flow by approximately $60 million.  The third quarter of 2007 free cash flow was also below last years year ago quarter due to lower interest income of $25 million as we used our excess cash to buyback our shares and higher CapEx spending of $13 million as we continue to invest and rolling out digital billboards and displays at our outdoor businesses. And finally we used a little more working capital in the third quarter versus last year in part, due to last year benefiting from almost $40 million of third quarter political ad spending in 2006, which as many of you know, we collect on a cash on delivery or COD basis, versus a normal 30 day trade terms. Dripping out these non-comparable items, free cash flow remains strong, as we continue to focus on asset turnover, particularly accounts receivable while we spend capital to build out our digital opportunities at outdoor.  Turning to revenues for the third quarter 2007, totaled almost $3.3 billion, down 2.9% in the third quarter of 2006, three items, three items account for all of the drop in revenue versus a year ago. First, the shut down of UPN last year at the end of the third quarter of 2006. Now this quarter in 2007, the third quarter is the final quarter with a loss of revenues from shutting down UPN will affect comparability with last year. Second, Revenues are down to the divestiture of 39 radio and 9 TV stations, since last year at this time. And finally outdoors non renewal of lower margin transit and street furniture contracts in New York City and Chicago reduced our revenue in comparison to last year. These three items directly affected comparison with the third quarter of last year. But the drop in same station ad sales at radio matched the underlying strength of revenue growth throughout the rest of our businesses.  Turning to operating income before depreciation and amortization or OIBDA for the third quarter totaled $758 million, up slightly over last years third quarter. Operating income for the quarter of $646 million flat with last of last year as we recognized in the quarter additional $8 million of stock based compensation expense, versus last year at this time. Operating income profit margins, however, for all of CBS's in the third quarter 2007 was 20%, up 6/10th of a percent from year ago as we continue our strategy that Leslie just mentioned over the last 22 months of shedding of lower margin businesses. This continued strategic shift to higher margin revenue opportunities will continue to drive our future growth in margins.  For the third quarter, you will note in the earnings release our tax provision was about 32.8% versus 38.7% last year. The drop in our tax provision for this quarter versus this quarter is due largely to a drop in our foreign and state effective tax rates. The drop in our effective rates is driven by various tax strategies, we have employed since the separation. Going forward, we expect our normalized tax rates to range between 38% and 39%.  Now having initiated in the share repurchases since 2007, our total diluted shares outstanding at September 30, 2007 now totaled 680 million shares, down from 775 million shares at this time last year. Over 12% reductions in our shares outstanding. And as Leslie mentioned, in third quarter we announced our latest increase in our quarterly dividends is $0.25 a share per quarter. Since the 1st of January '06, since January 1, 2006 we have paid almost $1.1 billion in dividends. Add to that $3.4 billion in share buyback and in a very short period of time, we have returned a significant amount of cash to you, our shareholders.  Now let me give you a little more information by segment starting off with the television segment. For the third quarter revenues in the television segment were $2.1 billion. Revenues were down 3% due to again the absence of UPN, the sale of nine TV stations, and lowest indication revenues compared to last year. We also started the 2007 and 2008 broadcast season, one week later than last year which had a smaller impact on our revenues lowering them. These four items reduced revenues by over 6 percentage points in comparison with the third quarter of last year. Syndication revenues in the third quarter were lower than last year as we recognized syndication revenue from CSI Miami, Star Trek, Enterprise, and Sabrina last year's third quarter versus the much smaller slate this quarter which was consistent... which consisted primarily of Charmed.  Time Period sales in the third quarter for CBS Network were up 2% over last year. Turning to OIBDA in the television segment was that 4%, to $476 million which included stock based compensation of $15 million for the quarter, up $5 million from last year at this time. Operating income margins of the television segment for the third quarter of '07 were 20.7% of 1.5 percentage points higher than last year margin.  Turning to radio, revenues in the third quarter totaled $446 million down 12% from last year. Five points of this drop of the 12% had to do with the station divestiture. The rest of the drop of 7 percentage points, was due to lower same station sales at the remaining radio stations. Radio's OIBDA in the third quarter was down 19% or $117 million. Half of the 19% drop was due to divesting radio stations since the third quarter last year and the absence of a $12 million gain from the sale of the station building, last year in the third quarter which we discussed last year at this time. Radio's operating income margins for the third quarter totaled 36.4%, which is down in 39.7% last year.  Turning to outdoor, revenues for the quarter were $552 million, up 3% over the third quarter last year. Revenues for North America were down 2% or $7 million, as a 7% increase in our U.S. Billboard business was more than offset by the non renewal of the low margin New York and Chicago transit and street furniture contracts. Europe and Asia's revenue were up 13% aided by the weak U.S. dollar which contributes almost 8 percentage points of the growth in revenue for Europe and Asia. In the UK, revenues were up 14% in dollar terms and 6% in local currency and pound versus year ago, the last year as advertisers are really flocking to our new digital displays. OIBDA for outdoor for the third quarter was over $153 million, up 8% versus last year, North America's OIBDA for the third quarter was $134 million, up 8% versus the third quarter on lower revenues, while Europe and Asia's OIBDA totaled $19 million or 12% over the third quarter of 2006. Outdoors operating income profit margins for the third quarter was 18.1%, up 1.6 percentage points versus last year's third quarter.  Simon & Schuster revenues totaled $214 million in the third quarter, up 9% over last year. OIBDA and operating income were up 5% and 6% respectively over the last year. Higher royalty expense coupled with cost incurred this year to digitize our bestseller backlist somewhat limited Simon & Schuster profit growth on higher third quarter revenues versus last year. Profit expense for the third quarter totaled $41 million the same as it was last year at this time, despite this year having approximately $3 million higher stock based compensation expense.  Turning to our balance sheet, at September 30th, we had $1.2 billion of cash on the balance sheet and approximately $7 billion of debt. The strength of our balance sheet produced a strong leverage in coverage ratios with our leverage ratio at 2.2 times OIBDA and coverage ratio at 5.7 times OIBDA. Our businesses continue to generate significant amounts of cash flow, which gives us a tremendous amount of financial flexibility and importantly these days financial stability in the coming years.  Finally, as we noted in today's earnings release, with one quarter left in 2007, we are on track to deliver our full year 2007 earnings guidance and we are very, very well positioned to take advantage of the many opportunities for growth that we see in 2008. With that, what we would love to do now is take your questions so, operator if would open up the telephone lines, we are ready to take any questions you may have.  Question And Answer 
Operator:  [Operator Instructions]. First is Lucas Binder of UBS. 
Lucas Binder - UBS:  Hi, good afternoon guys. I had a couple of quick questions for you, Les you mentioned that scatter was up probably 35%, well in excess of the out front, can you talk a little bit about why do you think that is... I know you have been using up some inventory for makers and as a result it's a tighter inventory situation, can you talk a little bit about that and then also on radio when do you think we will start to see growth in that business. You talked about you are assuring to see the transition there, but when do you think that we will actually start to see some positive results in that business? 
Leslie Moonves - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Right, Lucas as we started this year we actually did not have a lot of makers, we had a little bit of that. Scatter pricing is very interesting, a lot of people, the C3 has sort of changed the market place a bit. We ended up selling more inventory in May than we had the year before. So there was a scarcity in terms of the numbers of spots that was available and once again I think the C3 became more self evident, I think broadcasting became a better buy and people are realizing that and there is huge demand. In addition categories are very strong, automotive is strong, pharmacology is strong, we are... financial services are good. I mean we are seeing strength across the board and as I mentioned before what is great about it is non guarantees and we are doing very well.  In radio we anticipate that '08 is going to be a year of growth we do. We are anticipating we will see the changes that they have made in New York and that is beginning to do in LA and we are very pleased with how it is restructured and we are starting to see the beginning of that and we are still very confident about the radio business. 
Lucas Binder - UBS:  All right thank you very much. 
Operator:  Thank you. We will go next to Jessica Reif-Cohen of Merrill Lynch. 
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch:  Thank you. I have a two questions as well. First on the TV station could you discuss what the third quarter performance was and what you are seeing the fourth quarter and maybe as part of that when do you expect political advertising to start to come in? And the second question is that the guidance, it looks like revenue guidance is down, I mean given your new guidance... revenue guidance is in place fourth quarter revenue should be down at least 4%. I was just wondering where is that coming from and since operating performance is not impacted, where are you cutting cost? 
Leslie Moonves - President and Chief Executive Officer:  I will talk about political Fred, and then I will turn the other one and half questions over to you. Political story is coming right now in Boston where we are actually seeing some... lot of activity towards the New Hampshire primaries, so we are very excited about that and we don't have any TV stations at Iowa so we couldn't take advantage of that. But we are starting to see and knowing that the primaries are going to be in February, January and February we see the beginning of the next year to be very strong and a certain amount of money. It's hard to say which will be in the fourth quarter. But we are very excited about what was bought in this past week. Fred. 
Fredric Reynolds - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Yes, I think Jessica on the guidance where we did modify the revenue guidance is I think is just recognizing in the third quarter that revenues were down largely again because of the same station drop as radio. And so I think that was what we felt comfortable. Will we do better than that, could be if the political continues to come in. As roughly at this stage we are seeing it our of Boston and Florida is starting now. We have got those two primaries in the end of January with the Florida at January 29th and week before that is New Hampshire.  But as you know versus last year we are rolling over London... this is the biggest amount, we have booked almost a $100 million in political in October in the first eight days and November last year at this time. So we are rolling over a big part of it. But as far as the margins, you know, UPN will no longer be a comparable item which I just said. But getting rid of those transit contracts, well they gave us a lot of revenue last year, gave us very little profit, and matter of fact virtually no profit in the fourth quarter. So its really no broad brush cost restructuring, just the margin that we have now on existing revenue is going to be stronger. 
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch:  Thank you. 
Operator:  Thank you. We'll go next to Victor Miller, Bear Stearns. 
Victor B. Miller - Bear Sterns:  Good afternoon and thanks for taking the question. Obviously this year's currency for advertisers is my first three commercial ratings last year is my programming ratings. The first couple of weeks CBS saw double digit to first week down low single digit, the second week in this comparison of these two numbers, at what percent decline does it actually concern you and what percentage of the network dollars is actually done without ratings guarantees as part of the upfront process? 
Leslie Moonves - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Number Victor is live versus C plus 3 its not live plus versus live plus 3. As what's normally after the TV season, the first couple of weeks you see people sampling along the new shows that were in competitive time periods for us and we've seen a slow growth every single week in our relative position because of people coming back to their returning shows. So, this is an entirely new measurement system. Though we're not seeing any demand from advertising and as I said earlier and advertisers would much rather have 9 million people watching their commercial than 10 million people watching a program. So its going to be a transition year, we are not at all concerned. We have some of our more shows that working, some of them haven't just like everybody else. But what's great is the stability of our schedule which people are now returning to and may I add the repeatability of our schedule which is far better than anybody else and we haven't entered into that yet which we will in early December in terms of that. In terms of how much we're selling scatter, it's probably about 30% right now of our network inventory I would say is going to scatter. 
Victor B. Miller - Bear Sterns:  I am sorry, how much of your inventories is sold in that market place without rating guarantees or there is very little of that? 
Leslie Moonves - President and Chief Executive Officer:  By the way I don't believe there's any scatter that sells with rating guarantee. There is... it's very little, I don't think there's any. I don't think there's any whatsoever. So all this is without any ratings guarantees so we are not concerned. 
Victor B. Miller - Bear Sterns:  I am sorry the upfront process is not the scatter process. 
Fredric Reynolds - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  The upfront, Victor this is Fred, is sold with ratings guarantee, the question is what are we guaranteeing ratings as. I think we mentioned at the end of the second quarter we had a terrific increase in CPM's which has obviously that's is pricing. So, we... of our upfront performance, the lion share of it was CPM increases, we weren't promising big particularly in light of the change in the measurement system. We weren't promising, big jumps in ratings because it was uncharted territories. So most of it and you don't give back CPM's, as long as the... are there, we are fine. 
Victor B. Miller - Bear Sterns:  Thank you. 
Operator:  Thank you. We'll go next to John Blackledge of JP Morgan. 
John Blackledge - J.P Morgan:  Yes, thank you two questions. The first one is on Showtime, with the Paramount opportunity coming up at the end of '07 and the MGM Lionsgate deals coming up at the end of '08 there is roughly $300 million to $400 million to be reinvested or routine by Showtime. Assuming Showtime reops for the studios in some form and invest some of the funds in future films, do you expect any cost savings for the network that could fall right to the EBITDA line starting in the back half of '08 and then an outdoor, given that underlying of billboard growth was about 7% in the third quarter which seems to be a deceleration from the first half of '07, can you just talk about the billboard environment in the U.S. and can we expect decelerating growth in fourth quarter of 2008? Thank you. 
Leslie Moonves - President and Chief Executive Officer:  John, I'll take the Showtime questions and I'll let Fred give the answer of question. The answer to the question in simple word is yes. We are going to be spending less on feature film. We do expect to make some to these deals but the amount of money that we spent this year will be not be as much next year and we will go down even further in '09. So the Showtime is definitely, we don't obviously break it out as part our television segment. But it's proving to be more and more profitable every single year and it's a very exciting story. Fred. 
Fredric Reynolds - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Hey, John on the billboard business, the third quarter was a little bit slow at plus 7% but I think it's a little misleading because as you know billboards come in, they may slip over quarter ends. If you look at October and I cannot give outpace information but if you look at our October of U.S. billboard business it's up into the high teens. Now billboards is still quite sold in, I wouldn't want you to take that and say November-December are going to be the same way, but October which is concluded is some of its flipped over. So if you average it to 2 months or if you average that to 4 months of the quarter it will be up more where we were early part of the year. I know there is a concern out there about the mortgage mark and all that, its not a significant part. Well some of our competitors had a significant part of their revenue coming from mortgage or home building, ours was not material for the outdoor group. So I think it was more timing, we will see how November-December shape up. 
John Blackledge - J.P Morgan:  Thank you. 
Operator:  We'll go to John Klim, Credit Suisse. 
John Klim - Creditt Suisse:  Hi, good afternoon. Could you update us on your digital roll out at the outdoor segment here in the United States and then if you could talk a bit about what you are seeing in terms of economics on the digital boards if you could? 
Leslie Moonves - President and Chief Executive Officer:  As I mentioned we will have almost 6000 boards by the end of this year. The economical digital boards obviously the margins are far superior to what they are in our static boards and as I mentioned we are getting all sorts of new advertisers in, Fred you can give the... 
Fredric Reynolds - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Yes, Leslie. In the U.S. market we will break it down in a couple of ways. We have about 800 and some things displays of which about 50 or so are large day bridge kind of displays you add in to that like the Q3 in New York at 42nd. Then we have Mall Of America but the smaller format displays, so we will kind of be around 800 to 900 and at the end of the year we will be little bit north of that. What's amazing is the amount of revenue we are getting much more than we had planned on when we did the CapEx. We really thought if we got 3x that gave us a high teens kind of internal rate of return, they are doing better than that. And again the x that we are multiplying by is big as we are in the biggest market so it's not like a small market outdoor where you only may get $50 spot and they go up to 400. These are pretty expensive spots and they are going up three, four, five times that. So we love what we are seeing as far as the revenue side. I think the advertisers are loving it and we are actually reaching more advertises, that never used the medium before because of the digital. 
Leslie Moonves - President and Chief Executive Officer:  And they do work better in this. The digital boards do work better in the big markets where we are very, very strong and the list of advertisers of people you never would have thought would consider doing outdoors, so it pretty exciting, movie companies, the Microsoft's in the world, we are getting a whole new advertiser base and its great. 
Operator:  Thank you we will go next to Michael Nathanson, Sanford Bernstein. 
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein:  Hey thanks, I have two. One Fred, one for Les. The question I have for Fred, I don't think you answered Jessica's question about the same station ad growth this quarter for TV, was it skewed by region at all? 
Fredric Reynolds - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Michael could you repeat, and I mean your first part got... 
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein:  Okay, I didn't know if you answered Jessica's question about what was the same station ad growth this quarter for the TV stations? 
Fredric Reynolds - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Well we don't typically break out TV stations same growth, same station growth, but I will tell you overall, third quarter '07 versus third quarter '06 we had a significant amount of political and we are not able to cover. So the stations were down versus last year's third quarter, because of the significant amount of political. 
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein:  Okay, that's not on same station that's... 
Fredric Reynolds - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Same station. 
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein:  Okay, so same station is down lets say mid single-digits or something. And then for Les, you talked, helpful about the differences in this upfront versus lat upfront, I wonder if you can talk a bit about, how much inventory, for what percentage was sold in this year's upfront and higher prices versus the year before, was there change in what inventories are? 
Leslie Moonves - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Without getting specific, there was probably by 10% more sold at this year' upfront because the CPM growth was so high, in high single-digit CPM growth, so we said okay, we will sell more of it and we did. 
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein:  Okay, that could tie in scatter also for the rest of the year? 
Leslie Moonves - President and Chief Executive Officer:  That's correct. 
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein:  Thanks. 
Leslie Moonves - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Thank you. 
Operator:  Thank you, we will go next to Anthony DiClemente of Lehman Brothers. 
Anthony DiClemente - Lehman Brothers:  Hi, thanks for taking the question. I just have one question for Les and that is with your spot down about 6 bucks here since the summer, I think I can kind of sympathize with the dilemma in that, we know that content is king and you've invested in content, you have done that. You know that the Street wants return of capital in the form of either big accelerated share repurchase or in terms of dividend and you have done that. So as we head into '08, I am just curious Les, as to what your thought process is around allocation of capital, whether it be investing in content, acquisitions, or return of capital to shareholders, if you can share your thoughts? Thanks. 
Leslie Moonves - President and Chief Executive Officer:  It is a very good question and you know what you meet with three analysts, one says pay higher dividend, one says buyback more stock, and the other says acquire something. I think there is a part of me that wants to do all three. Obviously, returning money to shareholders is a very important thing to us, but by the same token, we would love to invest in higher margin businesses and that's we are looking for. There I don't know what will available out there, but we are trying to do that and we have said before we are shedding some of the assets and getting at the higher margin businesses. That is what I would love to do. That will be my first priority, but it's got to be the investment and I think our investors should feel secure that we don't make dumb investments and we are very careful about what we do and failing that we return money to shareholders and we have done that in two different ways this year. So I think we have been successful in all three flanks of our strategy. 
Sumner Redstone - Executive Chairman:  Operator we will have time for one more question. 
Operator:  Thank you sir. We will take our last question from Marci Ryvicker of Wachovia Securities. 
Marci Ryvicker - Wachovia Securities:  Thanks. Just focusing back on outdoors, since digital outdoor is such a huge focus at CBS, but I was having out of home conference there was talk of you investing up to $1 billion in digital out of home, first of all is this accurate and secondly if so, over what time period would you look to spend this kind of money.? 
Leslie Moonves - President and Chief Executive Officer:  $1 billion, that's a big number Marci. I don't know who you overheard saying that. We are... our strategy obviously is to build outdoor digitally, whenever it is advantageous to us, and you know what, we went in, we put ourselves in the water and guess what, our whole foot is now in the water and we are expanding it as we go along. I don't think we have put that number on anything. We are obviously going to invest it and we are going to continue to invest it. Fred. 
Fredric Reynolds - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Marci this is Fred, let me just to add, one it's a great investment. It's sort of the high teens after tax internal rate of return. Two, I think you can expect to see a continuation of '07 into '08 and '09 and out of that. We are going put more of our capital spending into these high return displays. The other thing that is going to happen is the displays, the digital displays are coming, are dropping like a rock from the manufacturers. The price of them are dropping, so we will be able to get it at a more normalized, probably closer to a static board not today, not tomorrow, but certainly in the five to seven year timeframe. So... and we don't know, listen with time story which is now CBS Outernet, we don't know, we think that could explode, that could be the next biggest thing in outdoor, but all I would say to you, trust me between Sumner and Leslie and the team here, we are going to get a great internal rate of return on any capital we put into displays, digital displays, and we are excited about the Outernet, we think it is pretty cool. So I don't know where the $1 billion came from. It maybe here over the next 50 years, it maybe over the next 5 or 10 years, it depends on opportunities and the returns. 
Sumner Redstone - Executive Chairman:  Thank you everyone and we will talk to you soon. 
Operator:  Thank you for your participation. That does conclude today's conference, you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-31 08:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Marty Shea - IR   Sumner Redstone - Executive Chairman, Founder   Les Moonves - President, CEO   Fred Reynolds - CFO 
Analysts: Anthony DiClemente - Lehman Brothers   Victor Miller - Bear Stearns   Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch   Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank   Lucas Binder - UBS   John Klim - Credit Suisse   John Blackledge  JP Morgan   Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley   Marci Ryvicker - Wachovia Securities   Alan Gould - Bleichroeder 
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the CBS Corporation second quarter 2007 earnings release teleconference. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Marty Shea. Please go ahead. 
Marty Shea: Good morning, everyone and thank you for taking the time to join us for our second-quarter 2007 earnings call. Joining me for today's discussion are Sumner Redstone, our Executive Chairman; Leslie Moonves, our President and CEO; and Fred Reynolds, the Executive Vice President and CFO. Sumner will have some opening remarks and will turn the call over to Les and Fred for strategic and financial issues. We will then open the call up for questions.  Let me note that statements on this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's news releases and security filings.  A summary of CBS Corporation's second quarter 2007 results should have been sent to all of you. If you did not receive these results, please contact Punam Visay at 975-3667 and she will get it to you. A webcast of the call, the earnings release and any other information related to this presentation can be found on CBS Corporation's corporate Website at the address of cbscorporation.com.  Now I will turn the call over to Sumner. 
Sumner Redstone: Thanks, Marty. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. Halfway through 2007, CBS Corporation continues to deliver really strong operating results. At the same time, during the second quarter we made many smart strategic moves to aggressively position CBS for continued success in the burgeoning interactive landscape. And let's not forget that the healthy free cash flow generated by CBS's core businesses has allowed us to consistently reward shareholders with dividends, as well as a share repurchase program which we announced during the first quarter.  I'm really pleased with everything we've done since we started this company just a year-and-a-half ago, and I'm as confident as ever in CBS' exceptional CEO, a man I have called and will continue to call the best executive in the media industry, Les Moonves. Now, to tell you more about CBS's second quarter results and even more, here's my friend, Les. Les, you're on. 
Leslie Moonves: Thank you very much, Sumner, for the nice words. Good morning, everybody and thank you as always for being with us. I'm very pleased with the second quarter results we're sharing with you today. The underlying financial performance of the CBS Corporation is strong, with excellent adjusted EPS growth in the mid-teens, excluding a one-time gain from the sale of parks, as well as tax benefits that boosted last year's second quarter results. Our cash flow is continuing to be one of our great stories.  I'm proud not only of our financial performance, but also of the key steps we took during the quarter that position the company for long-term growth. We continue to refine our asset portfolio, the majority of our small-market TV and radio station divestitures have closed; and the rest of the sales are just waiting regulatory approval, which should happen in the second half of the year. We are redeploying a portion of the cash into higher growth interactive businesses that complement our core operations. I will say more about those strategic investments in a bit, but first, let's take a look at the financial headlines for the quarter, and then Fred will give you more detail on these a little bit later.  Net earnings from continuing operations were up 9% to $393 million, adjusting for tax benefits and station divestitures. As I noted, diluted EPS from continuing operations, also adjusted, were up mid-teens, 15%, to $0.54 a share. At the same time, the underlying revenue growth we achieved in the second quarter was on track with our business outlook. Free cash flow, which is the principal measure of our ability to return value to shareholders, continues to be strong. Free cash flow was up 4% to $571 million during the quarter, with our first half free cash flow up 11% to $1.3 billion. We are pleased with the significant amount of free cash flow we have produced so far this year, along with the proceeds from selling our smaller market TV and radio stations.  Our healthy balance sheet has allowed us to invest not only in our core businesses, but also in new interactive initiatives as well, which, as you know, are quite important to our future. This includes the CBS Audience Network, which features online entertainment, news and sports content from across the CBS Corporation. It offers both clips and full-length episodes on a wide range of online destinations, including AOL, Microsoft, CNet, Comcast and Joost, among many, many others.  With this new online network, we're following our audience. We're putting our content where they already are, giving it to them in a way that they want to see it. Importantly, all of these sites are ad-supported, tapping into that fast-growing segment in the Internet space. The revenue is still relatively small for now, but it has begun and will continue.  We've also used a portion of our cash to make some attractive tuck-in acquisitions, focusing on areas that fit well with our existing strengths, whether it is music or sports, content or community, or all of the above. Most notable was our purchase of Last.fm, a global, community-based music discovery network with more than 20 million unique users and growing at a rapid rate. This transaction was completed during the quarter. Last.fm can potentially add a unique interactive extension to just about all of our existing properties. It's an innovative, well-run business with great management, whose central goal is to create communities around content. This makes it a great fit with everything we're doing at CBS.  Even after this strategic investment and a few other smaller ones, we are still left with a very strong balance sheet. That is because our traditional businesses continue to throw off lots of cash. We are firmly committed to maintaining a healthy balance sheet and our team clearly knows how to manage our businesses.  Let me turn now to what is going on at each of our business segments, starting with television. For the fifth straight year, CBS is once again America's most-watched network. In May, we finished the 2006/2007 season number one not only in viewers, but in adults 25 to 54 and we also achieved a competitive second-place in adults 18 to 49, up from third place last season. We're also leading the summer season for the third year in a row. CBS's long-term record of success has been built on a foundation of across the schedule strength, and this strength gives us some latitude to take more creative risks in five exciting new series that will make their debut on our fall '07/'08 lineup.  Advertisers value CBS's track record for quality and consistency. Scatter prices in the second quarter were well up into the double-digits, bolstering our position and growing the entire broadcast advertising market. And in the upfront marketplace, we were able to achieve mid to high single-digit CPM increases for our primetime programming. Advertisers clearly believe in the power and value of network television.  Another key factor in this year's strong upfront was the recognition by advertisers of millions of DVR viewers who watch CBS as well as the other networks. Research has shown that those who use DVRs spent 60% more time watching TV and what they are watching on those DVRs are primarily hits from broadcast television. As we've said before, technology is our friend. The key to all of this is clear. We are now getting paid for millions and millions of additional viewers that we didn't get paid for last year.  Sports programming is also on a roll, where the marketplace is also very, very strong. The PGA Tour championship coming up in two weeks is completely sold out and is well ahead of last year's pricing. The U.S. Open Tennis is now 90% sold out, with dollar volumes up in the double-digits. The NFL is also very healthy, with the double-digit CPM increases over last year. In this past quarter, CBS's coverage of the Masters on the final Sunday was seen by over 41 million people.  We're also extremely proud of the work that is going on at CBS News. CBS News had 19 nominations in the 2007 Emmy Television Awards unveiled recently, the most of any network in broadcast television. In the upfront as well, the CBS Evening News was able to achieve healthy CPM increases and solid volume growth.  Our production company, CBS Paramount Network Television, continues to provide top programs to the broadcast and cable marketplace. After the development season, we emerged as the producers of eight of the top 20 primetime series across network television. In the current broadcast season, CBS Paramount Network Television will have 24 series on the air in primetime, making us the number one programmer/supplier in the world. About 70% of the shows that run on our own networks are produced by CBS Paramount Network Television Group, making them all the more profitable for us.  On at the distribution side, CBS Television Distribution achieved an unprecedented feat by becoming the first syndicator to distribute nine of the top 10 rated programs during a May sweep. Second-quarter DVD sales were also very strong. Our top-selling titles included Charmed, Star Trek and MacGyver and along with the always successful CSI series, DVDs once again reinforces the value of our television library, both current and archival, which continues to deliver healthy returns.  We're also really pleased with Showtime. During the '07/'08 season, we will have more original series in production than at anytime in the network's history and with shows like Dexter, Weeds, The Tudors and Brotherhood, they're attracting new audiences and driving increases in ratings and subscriber growth. We're really excited about a new show that premieres next month called Californication; yes, that it's real name; this is cable after all.  CSTV, our college sports cable television and broadband network, is also growing and has doubled its distribution since we acquired it last year. In March, to complement CSTV, we bought MaxPreps.com, the nation's largest, most comprehensive and highly visible high school sports website. The site gets more than 2.5 million visitors per month during the school year, and is a terrific extension of our local sports franchise. Working with MaxPreps, CSTV is planning to create a first of its kind, on-demand channel dedicated to high school sports.  In our TV station group, after divesting those small-market stations, we now have 29 owned stations, including 16 affiliated with CBS, 9 with the CW and four independents. All but one of them are in the top 25 markets. We are seeing marked improvement in many of these stations. Right here in the number one market in the nation, New York, WCBS is making some significant gains against its competition for the first time in decades across all newscasts, particularly at 5 pm, 6 pm and 11 pm.  As we've said before, across the nation, we're anticipating an earlier start to the political spending due to earlier primaries in several key markets. This bodes well not only for the rest of the year, but also for '08 as well. Additionally, our television stations are aggressively adapting to the digital marketplace and have expanded in this area rapidly with HD and online capabilities. Users of CBS-owned TV station websites can now view, upload, share, rate, comment and search all kinds of video and text content.  Moving on to radio. Our new president, Dan Mason, has taken the reigns in an impressive fashion. He has moved quickly to introduce programming changes. Dan is a programmer at heart and he's using that passion to deliver results station by station, market by market, starting in New York, where we can make the biggest impact on our numbers. Dan doesn't waste any time. At WCBS-FM, a return to the beloved classic format on July 12 was very well-received. K-ROCK2 returned to its much more successful rock format. FRESH, our new adult contemporary station that launched here in January, continues its upward trend in the ratings, taking market share from its closest competitor.  Overall, thanks to these swift and decisive changes in the nation's number one market, ratings for the CBS Radio New York stations are up roughly 18% in just the past six months. New York is just the beginning. Across the country, we're moving to improve the markets and stations where we're not performing up to our expectations. Perhaps most encouraging is what were doing with Radio on emerging platforms. We now have more than 140 stations and custom channels streaming, and we're setting new record highs for total time spent listening online. Plus, 18 more stations began broadcasting in high-definition during the quarter, for a current total of over 100.  Turning to Outdoor, our U.S. billboard business is still growing steadily, with 11% growth in revenues during the quarter. As you know, we elected to walk away from several marginally profitable transit and street furniture contracts last year, investing instead in high margin billboards. This shift away from transit weighed on our overall revenue comparison, but boosted profitability. Digital is really revolutionizing this business in both our domestic and international operations, attracting new advertisers to the media. As you know, the new digital technology makes it possible to change ads regularly, according to time periods. For instance, the new double-faced LED display at the Bay Bridge in San Francisco and The Cube, which officially launches tomorrow in Times Square, are expected to bring in three to four times the revenues that static boards would have delivered in these prime real estate locations.  At the Mall of America during this quarter, we added 100 new digital screens. Large-format digital displays were also added in Atlanta and Orlando, and are soon coming to Los Angeles, Miami and many other markets. Overall, CBS Outdoor now has 257 digital displays domestically, and led by our new London Underground contract, more than 1,600 generally smaller displays in Europe.  Over at Publishing, Simon & Schuster continues its incredible winning streak. 2006 was its best year ever and the growth continues midway through 2007, where Simon & Schuster had seven of the top 20 selling titles throughout the first half of the year -- that's number one among all publishers. Thanks to best-selling titles like The Secret by Rhonda Byrne and Blaze by Stephen King writing as Richard Bachman, Simon & Schuster's revenues were up 14% in the second quarter and OIBDA grew an impressive 90%. Like all of our businesses, Simon & Schuster is fully embracing digital opportunities, such as ebooks, audio books and print on-demand. Also during the quarter, Simon & Schuster launched a new book video channel called BookVideoTV, which creates Web videos to promote Simon & Schuster books and authors.  So, those are our business segments; very healthy, very active, and very well-positioned. In every case, we are using our traditional businesses to enter the digital future. Once again, our second quarter performance is consistent with our expectations and we're on track with our business outlook. So, we're at the half point of the year; we're exactly where we said we were going to be. I'm very pleased with what we've accomplished so far in 2007, and I'm particularly proud of the fact that we continue to deliver on our promises.  We said we would continue to refine our asset portfolios and we have, selling television and radio stations at attractive multiples, while investing in higher growth interactive businesses. We said we would move quickly to embrace new opportunities at all of our businesses, and as you've seen, new media and digital continue to grow and play a bigger role in every segment of operations.  In Television, we have launched the CBS Audience Network and moved our world-class content out over a variety of ad-supported platforms. In Radio, we are now streaming nearly all of our stations online and building our HD capabilities. In Outdoor, we're building digital displays around the world, and in Publishing we continue to release digital versions of our books and explore the future of downloading.  At the same time, we've made good on our promise to return value to our shareholders. This quarter, we continued to pay a sizable dividend, after raising it four times, almost 60%, since January of last year. Between dividends and our share repurchase program, we have returned more than $1.9 billion of cash to CBS shareholders this year, which translates into an annualized double-digit total return to shareholders. We are very pleased at the success of our share repurchase program. Returning excess cash to our shareholders has always been and will always be a primary focus for us.  Even with all of this return, we still have $2.8 billion cash on our balance sheet, a portion of which we believe today is in excess of our investing needs. We will be discussing with our board the best way to return this excess cash to our shareholders, of that I assure you. Living up to our commitments is a big part of how we have defined this company since we started a year-and-a-half ago, and we fully intend to keep it up for the rest of '07 and on into '08.  Thank you, everybody, and now I will turn it over to our terrific CFO, Fred Reynolds, who will give you our financial performance in much more detail. 
Fred Reynolds: Thank you, Leslie and good morning to all of you. For the second quarter of 2007, our businesses produced another strong underlying operating performance and we particularly are pleased with the increase in our free cash flow in the quarter versus last year. Before I provide you some additional information on the second quarter, let me highlight two important items which affect the comparison of the second quarter of 2007 with last year.  First, in the second quarter of 2006, we recognized $129 million tax benefit as a result of the settlement of prior-year income tax audits. The tax benefit added $0.17 to last year's second quarter earnings per share. Also, as you may recall, at this time last year we closed on the sale of our Paramount Parks business. We recognized in the second quarter of '06 an after-tax gain of $292 million, or $0.38 share. Now this gain was reflected in net earnings from discontinued operations. Adjusting for these two significant items, for comparison purposes, our second quarter of '07 net earnings from continuing operations as adjusted was up 9%. Our earnings per share, reflecting fewer shares outstanding, was up 15% over the second quarter of '06.  Free cash flow in the second quarter of '07 totaled $571 million, up 4.4% over last year's second quarter. Once again, we were able to produce strong free cash flow growth despite a ramp-up in CapEx spending versus year-ago. CapEx spending increased $45 million to $112 million in this quarter, driven by higher spending at our Outdoor segment.  Overall, our revenues for the second quarter of 2007 totaled almost $3.4 billion, down about 3% from the second quarter of last year. Now this decline in revenues is due to the airing of the Final Four NCAA basketball games in the first quarter this year versus the second quarter of last year; the loss of revenues due to the shutdown of UPN in the third quarter last year; and finally, the divestiture of 39 radio stations and nine TV stations since this time a year ago. Taking into account the impact on reported revenues from the shift of the airing of the Final Four in the first quarter of this year, the shutdown of UPN, and the divestiture of stations resulted in a negative effect on our revenue growth versus last year by over 5 percentage points.  Our operating income before depreciation and amortization, or OIBDA, for the second quarter of 2007 was $859 million, up very slightly from last year. Included in OIBDA was stock-based compensation expense of $31 million, which is $12 million higher than it was in the year-ago quarter. Operating income for the second quarter of '07 totaled $750 million, comparable to the second quarter last year. However, our operating income margins increased in the second quarter of '07 to 22.2%, up from 21.5% in last year's second quarter. Interest expense of $146 million was up about $5 million from last year, due to the timing of the issuance of our $700 million of 6 3/4 debt, which we issued on March 27th of this year, and the redemption on May 1st of the $700 million of 5 5/8 senior notes and the higher interest rate on our new debt.  Interest income in the quarter was almost $34 million, up significantly from a year ago, due to the strong cash flow from our operations and the proceeds from divesting businesses. Other items net include the gain from the sale of our Green Bay TV and our San Antonio radio stations, both of which closed in the second quarter.  Turning to income taxes for the quarter, our tax rate was 36.4% versus 19.3% in the second quarter of '06. As I mentioned at the outset, last year's tax rate was reduced by a $129 million benefit from previous years' tax settlements. Excluding the benefits from tax settlements, last year's second quarter tax rate would have been 40.4%. Now going forward, based on the tax strategies that we have put in place, we would expect our 2007 tax rate to be approximately 39%, which will be lower than last year's rate on a comparable basis.  Net earnings from continuing operations, adjusted for the gain on the stations' divestures and the tax settlements, was $393 million, up 9% over last year's second quarter. Earnings per share on an adjusted basis was $0.54, 15% higher than last year. Higher net earnings coupled with fewer shares outstanding drove our earnings per share. Our 2007 second quarter benefited from the full impact of repurchasing over 47 million shares of our common stock under our accelerated share repurchase program.  Now let me turn to the segments and give you a few highlights by our businesses. First, our largest segment is television. Revenues in the second quarter for the television segment totaled about $2.2 billion, down about 4% from the second quarter last year. Again, the absence of the UPN, the shift of the Final Four games to the first quarter, along with the divestiture of nine TV stations, reduced revenues by almost 7 percentage points compared to the second quarter last year.  Our second quarter time period ad sales at the CBS Network were flat to the second quarter last year, again taking into account the fact that we shifted the airing of the Final Four tournament to the first quarter. The television segment's OIBDA was $550 million, up approximately 3% over last year. Higher home entertainment revenues, led by our Star Trek franchises, Charmed and a library of DVDs, the absence of the UPN shutdown costs, and a favorable mix of higher-margin ad revenues led to our increased profits in the second quarter of '07, more than offsetting a $6 million increase in our stock-based compensation expense in this segment. Operating income margins for the Television segments in the second quarter of '07 were 23.4%, up 1.6 percentage points from last year.  Turning to radio. Revenues for the second quarter of '07 for radio were $463 million, down 11% to a year ago. However, 6 percentage points of the drop in our reported revenues were due to the divestiture of stations, as the same-station revenues declined 5% from last year. OIBDA for radio was $187 million. It was affected by this drop in same-station revenues, and was down 18% to the second quarter of 2006.  Turning to outdoor, second-quarter revenues for outdoor in total was $554 million, up 4% over a year ago. North America's revenues were flat to a year ago, despite our billboard revenues being up over 11%. The non-renewal of the New York and Chicago transit and street furniture contracts offset our strong U.S. billboard business growth. Europe and Asia's revenues were up 12%, as the weak U.S. dollar versus the euro and the pound drove 8 percentage points of our revenue growth versus second quarter last year.  OIBDA for outdoor totaled $168 million, up 5% over last year's second quarter. Our North American second quarter OIBDA totaled $144 million, which was up 12% over the year-ago quarter, led by our high margin billboard business and the absence of low margin transit and street furniture contracts. North America's operating income margins improved in the second quarter of '07 to 28%, up 4 percentage points from last year's 24% in the second quarter a year ago.  Europe and Asia's OIBDA of $25 million declined by $7 million due to the higher transit fees for the London Underground. Now, our London Underground business is quickly gaining revenue momentum as incremental displays come onstream. Our second quarter UK revenues in local currency were up 6%, and we expect to see revenues growing above this pace in the third quarter.  Simon & Schuster had another terrific quarter, with revenues up 14% to $200 million and OIBDA, as Leslie just said, up 90% to $20 million over last year's second quarter. Simon & Schuster is on pace to have a record-setting financial performance for the full year 2007.  Finally, turning to our outlook for 2007, as you'll note from the earnings release, we ended the first half with a very solid financial performance and we expect to remain on track to deliver our full year outlook.  So with that, we would like to turn over the call for questions. And so operator, if you would open the lines, that would be terrific. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Anthony DiClemente - Lehman Brothers. 
Anthony DiClemente - Lehman Brothers: Fred, on your strong free cash flow, it seems as though some of the upside was driven by a bigger working capital benefit in the first half of '07. Just wondering why that is, and if there is any reason why your working capital change in the second half should be much different than it was last year?  A second question for Les, specifically we'd be interested in your updated view, specifically on social networking, the value of social networking in the U.S. How much, Les, do you think that social networking would help you distribute your TV content in the U.S. and get to that younger demographic? Is it something that you think you'd be more likely to pursue a buy or a build strategy with here in the U.S.? 
Fred Reynolds: On the working capital, as you know, the first half of the year we tend to have higher working capital, particularly as we bleed off the receivables at the end of the year. So we're collecting the receivables from last year. Also, we've done a great job on lowering our days sales outstanding as we continue to focus on that. As you know, that has been something that we are pretty proud and we've got a ways to go on that.  Secondly, I think versus last year at this time, we had some big syndicated programming that hit the numbers last year, with Frazier and Without A Trace. This year we have less, so we're really collecting that cash in. Third quarter, we tend to use more cash. I mean, I still think we will do fine on cash flow, but this is where we start up production and then the fourth quarter, we tend to generate cash again. So what you are seeing now is not something you can double by just saying, well, if we did $1.3 billion in the first half, then we will double that; it's just not the way it works. We use more cash in the third quarter; and the fourth quarter as sales start to build again.  So again, hopefully, those two things, collecting receivables, less syndication this year, so we're collecting the cash; and seasonality helps drive the first half cash flow. 
Leslie Moonves: Anthony, on the question regarding social network, obviously Last.fm was our big acquisition in the quarter and it's something that is very important to us. We think it is great. We look at social networking in two different ways: (1) as a potential for revenue, obviously, with Last.fm. We've begin the process through our audience network and through Last.fm of selling ads on the Internet.  Secondarily, we love the fact that our content is getting out there, that people are using our content in different ways, commenting on our content, exchanging information about it. We think that ultimately will help us not only get revenue, but get more and more eyeballs, and new eyeballs, watching our content across the board. So we're a big proponent of it and we think the future looks very bright for it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Victor Miller - Bear Stearns. 
Victor Miller - Bear Stearns: Sumner, if I could ask you a question, you did a recent interview with Maria Bartiromo where you said the fact of the matter is that we like these companies the way they are. But you also said, now having said that, we would consider going private at some time in the future; we consider all alternatives. Could you talk about what would trigger that decision in terms of looking at those alternatives?  For Fred, when do you expect your accelerated share repurchase to wind down, and what should we look for in timing of when you'd like to revisit the next foray in how you would like to give money back to the shareholders, return capital to the shareholders? Thanks. 
Sumner Redstone: You asked me about three or four questions. I will try. First, as I said, Les Felipe, Tom Dooley and I like the companies the way they are. We think there's an enormous amount of growth in them without any great strategic change. However -- and I'm very clear on this -- we do consider all alternatives. There's been a lot of discussion inside and outside about taking one of these companies private.  What I can say is, I've said it before, it's not on the front burner but you can rest assured it will receive the consideration it should, as we always consider what is good for these companies. I think you had another question. 
Fred Reynolds: Sumner, this is Fred. Victor was asking about the conclusion of our stock repurchase program. 
Sumner Redstone: Well, let me put this way. First, as you know, in the case of CBS, the main return has been through dividends. As you know, the dividends have increased quarter after quarter after quarter. The increases have been terrific and I agree with all of them, of course. We have a unique stock buyback going on right now, as you know; it involves a repatriation of money from overseas. Whether there will be another stock buyback or not of a more traditional form will be decided by the board. Les and I and others have been talking about it. It's not a foregone conclusion, but I think I'm right in saying it is under consideration. 
Fred Reynolds: Victor, to your point on the current share repurchase program, we would expect it to end at the end of August. That is when it is scheduled to be completed, by the end of August. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch. 
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Les, you talk about repositioning the assets and it's clear you have started the process. But I'm just wondering if you could elaborate over the next three to five years, is it really just transitioning existing assets to digital or do you expect a real change in the mix of assets?  Just following on the question about the buyback, do you need to wait for the end of August to finish the existing buyback before you can actually announce something else?  Completely switching gears, on TV advertising, can you discuss third quarter advertising trends, scatter market and how the other day parts fared in the upfronts? Thanks. 
Leslie Moonves: In terms of repositioning the assets, look, we wanted to trim down, get all our station groups to only have major market assets. We've invested in a number of companies, mostly small investments. We think there is a transition going on. I still am very bullish about the power of network television being the primary focus for our content and our advertising. The Internet is going to grow in leaps and bounds, but the majority -- the vast majority -- of our money still comes from the network and our station groups and the way we are currently configured. I think what is great about our company is we are prepared for today; we're also prepared for tomorrow. But I don't think this is a revolution; I think this is an evolution in terms of that.  In terms of the buyback program, once again as Fred mentioned, it is over at the end of August. We are going to be talking to our boards about different ways of looking at what we do with our cash in the near future. Our programs, both increasing the dividend as well as the one-time only share buyback worked extremely well for us. We're very pleased with how it has all worked out and that we are a dividend-paying company, and we look for these great opportunities.  The scatter market continues to be very strong in the third quarter, Jessica. As you know, heading into the upfront it was up nearly 30%, which clearly helped the CPM growth that was not only experienced by CBS but most of the other networks as well. CW, I know that for a fact it did extremely well also with high-single-digit CPM growth. So we are very pleased with how advertisers are now looking at network television. We knew we were never gone, but now they've acknowledged that we're never gone. What was great about this year is the DVR pushback totally disappeared. The C3 system fell into place rather easy, rather quickly, and we think that benefits us greatly. 
Fred Reynolds: You asked about the other day parts. We did equally well across the day parts on CPM increases. Daytime and news were up equal to prime, if not a little bit stronger. 
Leslie Moonves: Exactly. All the talk about the evening news, it did very well, did very well. Daytime did very well, so we are very pleased. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank. 
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: The Home Entertainment revenue increase was very strong. Can you remind us what the increase was in the first quarter and why was there such a big bump in the second quarter, and should we expect that to continue, or is this just a big shipment quarter, and why?  Separately, can you remind us the CBS retrans deal timing for your major distributors? There has been some differing dates given by your customers. I just want to make sure we true that up. 
Leslie Moonves: I will give you the second question first, and then Fred will do the first one. Our retrans deals, Time Warner is up in 2010 and Comcast is up in 2011. We do have some major ones coming up next year. However, just to comment on this for a moment, we are consistently signing up new ones; we have now have eight of the top 25 MSOs signed up, and are paying us money for our retrans. So it is going very smoothly. You don't hear a lot about it, because we are making these deals successfully. But the big ones aren't up until 2010 and 2011. 
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Just to kind of follow up on that, Les, is the transition to digital in 2009, does that change the relationship with distributors in any way that gives you an opportunity to open up those deals? 
Leslie Moonves: You know, in certain cases it does. It is not significant as of yet, but Charter and Cox are up at the end of '09 and EchoStar is up at '09 as well. So the digital transition will in fact affect some of our negotiations on these deals. 
Fred Reynolds: On the DVD, now that we are a third-party distributor, we're sort of on a one-quarter lag. So the reason that the second quarter this year was so strong is it is really our Christmas DVDs that were shipped that we're now recognizing now. So the second quarter was probably twice as strong as the first quarter, because just to make it confusing, the first quarter really reflected third-quarter shipments in '06. So this is really the Christmas season DVDs, which is a big part of the DVD retailing calendar. 
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Great, thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Lucas Binder - UBS. 
Lucas Binder - UBS: Les, when you talk about Last.fm and the other small acquisitions that you've made, what holes do you think you are missing? What are some of the areas that you want to focus on? I know you've talked about in the past developing some of your own movies and whatnot so I wanted to see about that.  Fred, there's been a lot of talk about Don Imus coming to some sort of settlement with you guys. Have you taken any charges associated with that in the second quarter? And if not, will you take some charges in the third quarter, and any sense of the size of that? 
Leslie Moonves: You know, in terms of what we are looking for Lucas, Last.fm fit as we said, because it is basically a community around content. That is our primary goal. Are we continuing to pursue our small movie company? The answer is yes. But once again, let me reiterate, we have Showtime, we have CBS-TV. It will be a small movie company and nothing to worry about. Anything that we acquire, anything that we deal with will have to be an extension of our content. That basically is because we feel that going forward, those who own content are going to be able to monetize it in many, many different ways. That basically is our goal when we're looking at any new space that we're going to get into. 
Fred Reynolds: You know, obviously this is an area of dispute and I don't think it would be appropriate to comment specifically but I would tell you we are very comfortable with all of the accruals we have and we think we are very conservative in our approach to any of these kind of disputes. So without saying more, that is where I think you could take comfort in that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Klim - Credit Suisse. 
John Klim - Credit Suisse: Two questions, one on interactive and then one on TV. If we aggregate your online or your interactive revenues, what percent of total revenues would they comprise today? If you could remind us what portion of the total you believe interactive could comprise over the next five years or so, that would be helpful.  On the TV side, given the concern surrounding the potential impact of DVRs on viewership, do you feel that the value of sports has increased for advertisers over the past year or so? If so, would CBS be interested in acquiring additional sports rights? Thanks. 
Fred Reynolds: Well, John, on the digital, we don't break that out yet, as you know. It is a very small part of our business, but growing very rapidly; growing in kind of the 50%, 60% range, anchored by SportsLine, which is actually a nice business. It's a nice, healthy size business. But we don't break it out separately, at least we haven't at this point.  As you know, and we've discussed this in the past, we're looking at some point in the future, whether it is next year we will, as we've added Last.fm and others, it is getting more significant. But right now, it is not a significant part. I think down the road, we would expect it to be 5%-plus of our overall revenues.  Again, starting with a $14 billion base of revenues, that would be a big business, and importantly, high margin business. These are very, very high margin businesses. But I guess to sum up, the digital is growing very rapidly; SportsLine is the biggest single segment of it; and we really don't break out the details at this point. 
Leslie Moonves: You know, the value of sports obviously continues to be very, very strong. Does the DVR age affect that? I don't know. DVRs affect primetime more than anything else, from primetime programming, where it's a positive. We really love the hand that we have right now. The NFL, as I said, is up. I think all four places that had the NFL games last year did extremely well. We are extremely pleased with the marketplace that we are seeing there. As we said, U.S. Open tennis, we are way ahead of where we were before. Having the NFL, having the NCAA basketball tournament, being the largest provider of golf, having U.S. Open Tennis tournament, we feel like our complement of sports is exactly where we want it to be and we're doing very well with all of it, and we're pleased with where it is going. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Blackledge  JP Morgan. 
John Blackledge - JP Morgan: Is CBS Outdoor through with its heavy investment in the London Underground or can we expect continued investment and resulting operating declines internationally in the second half of the year?  Just wondering if scatter was up for all the networks in the second quarter? And then what you guys guarantee for ratings on the upfront, if you guarantee down X percentage? Thank you. 
Fred Reynolds: I will take the London Underground. We still have a build out program that will last the rest of this year. But I'm hopeful, and obviously Leslie and our team over in the UK is, that it won't result in down margins and down profits. I mean, the displays are coming onstream. They're never coming on fast enough. It's an eight-year contract, as you know. But we will still have some capital spending at an accelerated pace for the balance of this year with the London Underground.  As I've tried to articulate, we see the revenue starting to pick up nicely. Obviously, it has to keep growing, because we are paying a bit higher fees. But so far, we are really pleased with what we see. The UK and the London economy is terrific, still growing well, particularly the ad segment. So again, we think this is a good investment. A couple of quarters here have been a little bit tougher on margins, but we should see that pick up as we sense our expectation at this point. 
Leslie Moonves: John, in regard to the marketplace, number one, we never mention the rate at which we sell our product at. But the world is going to be a very different place, and so we look at it very differently. You know, with commercial ratings and DVR ratings, it is like the same old game has changed quite a bit.  The fact that scatter was up consistently over the last quarter is a very positive trend for us. And any [ATUs] that were necessary are being covered by the strong scatter market. As we head into the new season, we think broadcast is going to be very strong because of the new rating system. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley. 
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Fred, if I could just back, a point of clarification. You said the network was flat year-over-year, including the impact of the NCAA timing. Could you give us the year-over-year station revenue at the station group, if you pro forma out the station sale?  A question for Les, on the TV studio. Seems to be a trend in the network business to use more and more of your own television studio content on the network. I'm wondering how you think, both positively and negatively, that impacts your studio revenue stream going forward, if you expect some of your partners, or I should say your customers on the studio, to try to buy more internally, and if CBS will look to do the same? 
Fred Reynolds: Ben, on the stations for the second quarter, they were down slightly, on a same-station basis versus last year as we had some political last year. Again, the timing of the NCAA obviously affected the stations; if you take out the NCAA, they were sort of flat in the second quarter. But they sort of tracked with being kind of flat to down, if you take the NCAA and put it in. 
Leslie Moonves: Regarding the TV studio, obviously, the network will buy the best programming from anybody, and we do. We have shows on the air from every single studio. Having said that, it is great to be able to control your own destiny, being able to sign the producers you want to be in business with. Our group has a great reputation and a great track record in terms of producing content long before we came to CBS. So the fact that we are in partnership on most of our content, and when you look at the CSI's and the Without A Traces and the Cold Cases and all those shows that we are part of the production group, I feel a lot better knowing that our people are doing it.  Having said that, we do have a lot of business with everybody else. It's good to control our own destiny, and as more and more studios own networks, it is always good to have that card to be able to know that your guys can produce the best content for your network. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Marci Ryvicker - Wachovia Securities. 
Marci Ryvicker - Wachovia Securities: Have you had any discussions or further discussions with Google on the radio or television side in terms of inventory sharing?  Secondly, can you remind us how much political revenue you typically get outside of your TV station business, such as on the CBS Network and in radio? And do you anticipate seeing more than usual on these avenues due to the fact that there are so many early primaries? 
Leslie Moonves: Marci, in terms of the first question, we're in discussion with everybody over everything all the time. There had been a potential deal with Google to sell some of our Radio inventory before. Those discussions are ongoing; they get hot, they don't get hot, you know. As always, we've said with all our partners, we will get paid for doing what we do. But, yes, those conversations do continue. 
Fred Reynolds: Marci, on the network, as you may know, we do not take advocacy ads. So the network gets no political ads at all for candidates. Radio, as we may have talked about, had a little bit of political in '06, less than $20 million. That is certainly the area of focus for Dan and his team, because we think radio is a terrific local medium for candidates, and we hope to see that go up significantly. Outdoor gets virtually none either, at this point. Hopefully with digital displays, we will be much more able to get political, because we can change the message around real quickly. So the lion's share of it comes from the TV stations. 
Operator: Your final question comes from Alan Gould - Bleichroeder. 
Alan Gould - Bleichroeder: Les, I have two questions for you. You said that the old world is changing. How do the C+3 ratings compare to the live program ratings? I mean, what you gain on the +3 do you lose in the C versus programming?  Second, if you can give a quick comment on what impact the Guild strike may have? I realize it may be a year off or so. 
Leslie Moonves: C+3 is going to be very interesting. Obviously, the +3 is very significant for us. The fact that 90% of the people that use DVRs do it within the first three days, so that means we are going to be getting the lion's share of those people. Not only that, as I said earlier, those are the people that watch 60% more television. The commercial ratings are going to be a lot more specific than program ratings. They will be slightly down. However, in an overall universe, the commercial ratings favor broadcast television, which is also a positive for us. So we are looking at the world as a better place with this new measurement system specifically.  The Guild strike, as you know, everybody is well prepared for it. We've begun the negotiations with the Guild. You probably won't see anything until June, which is when Screen Actors Guild contract is up. The Writers Guilds are up November 1st, but we think that they probably will wait before any action is taken. As you can see, the movie studios, their production is up almost 30% in advance of a strike. We have sat down and had strike meetings, and frankly have a full schedule laid out for a year from now if, God forbid, that should be the case. So we are well prepared. We have plenty of reality, we have plenty of news magazines, we have plenty of game shows, as do all the networks, we have a great library that we can use. And I hope it doesn't come to that, but everybody, both the movie studios and the television networks, are well-prepared. 
Marty Shea: Thank you very much, everyone, and I will be around for the rest of the day to answer any further questions.

===== 2007 Q1  (2007-05-03 08:30:00) =====
Executives

===== 2006 Q4  (2007-02-27 08:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Marty Shea - IR   Sumner Redstone - Executive Chairman, Founder   Les Moonves - President, CEO   Fred Reynolds - CFO 
Analysts: Victor Miller - Bear Stearns   Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch   Lucas Binder - UBS Investments   Kathy Styponias - Prudential   John Klim - Credit Suisse   Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank   Anthony Diclemente - Lehman Brothers   Kit Spring - Stifel   David Miller - Sanders Morris Harris   Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley 
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CBS Corporation fourth quarter 2006 earnings release teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Marty Shea. 
 Marty Shea: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking the time to join us for our fourth quarter and full year 2006 earnings call. Joining me for today's call are Sumner Redstone, our Chairman; Leslie Moonves, President and CEO; and Fred Reynolds, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Sumner will have some opening remarks and will then turn the call over to Les and Fred for strategic and financial issues. We will then open up the call to questions.  Let me note that statements on this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's news releases and security filings. A summary of CBS Corporation's fourth quarter and full year 2006 results should have been sent to all of you. If you did not receive the results, please contact Punam Visay at 975-3667 and she will get it to you.  A webcast of the call, the earnings release and any other information related to the presentation can be found on CBS Corporation's corporate website at the address CBSCorporation.com.  Now I'll turn the call over to Sumner. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
 Sumner Redstone: Thanks, Marty. Good morning, everyone. I really thank you for being with us today. When we look at our terrific fourth quarter and full year 2006 results, one thing is very clear: what a success the new CBS Corporation has become in its very first year. We have done a phenomenal job operating our core business, adjusting our asset portfolio and positioning the company to compete in the interactive space. Our vibrant businesses continue to throw off huge amounts of cash and we have made good on our commitment to return value to investors in the form of dividends. I am really enthusiastic about the future of the CBS Corporation. I have unequivocal full confidence that Les and his team will continue to lead this company with success and indeed, with distinction.  We have a couple of really important announcements to make today and for them and more I turn this over to you, Les. 
 Les Moonves:  Thank you very much, Sumner, and good morning to everyone. It's good to be here with you, as always. This time last year we told you all the things we were planning to grow and strengthen the CBS Corporation. Well, we've gotten a lot done and we're just getting started.  Today the CBS Corporation has a successful profitable platform to build upon. We've got a proven ability to generate cash and the discipline and vision to leverage that cash effectively for the long-term benefit of our shareholders.  Nowhere is this more evident than in our fourth quarter and full year 2006 results. By now you've probably seen our press release. As you can tell, the fourth quarter was a terrific cap on a great first year. Strong fourth quarter operating results in television, outdoor and publishing helped us surpass our key financial targets for 2006.  In terms of profits, we adjusted fourth quarter results to provide a meaningful comparison with the previous year. Last year we had a $9.5 billion impairment charge in the fourth quarter; we took that out. We've also adjusted for tax benefits and stock-based compensation. Even with all that adjustment, operating income was up 14% to $759 million.  Net earnings from continuing operations were up 44% to $464 million. Adjusted fourth quarter EPS from continuing operations was up 43% to $0.60 per diluted share; clearly, way above expectations. This is all on top of a 2% revenue increase for the quarter which shows we continue to have great success leveraging top line growth.  For the full year 2006, also adjusted, EPS from continuing operations was up 19% to $1.85 and free cash flow was up 8% to $1.6 billion.  These kind of results have been achieved by running our core businesses at the forefront of their respective industries. But there is so much opportunity out there to position these businesses for even better growth and in order to do that we are pursuing a three pillar strategy:  The first pillar is something we've been saying we were going to do since day 1: get paid retransmission fees for our content. Late last week we announced that we've reached retransmission consent agreements with nine separate cable operators covering more than 1 million subscribers nationally. Several of these deals are with MSOs from the top 25. Clearly there's a new paradigm in the marketplace, one which bodes very well for us going forward as future retrans deals are renegotiated.  The second pillar of our strategy is to reshape our portfolio into better margin, higher growth businesses. We started down this path early in 2006 by divesting Paramount Parks. We then followed up by putting 39 radio stations in slower growth markets on the block. The stations were sold at highly attractive multiples, reflecting the value of our portfolio and the strength of the broadcasting businesses we operate. We've closed on 12 of these properties to date and we expect to close on the rest by the end of next quarter.  In keeping with this strategy, earlier this month we announced the sale of seven of our owned and operated television stations for $185 million. A week later we've entered into an agreement with Liberty Media to acquire 7.6 million shares of CBS stock that they own in exchange for our television station in Green Bay, Wisconsin and approximately $170 million in cash. This particular deal gave us the unique opportunity to fine tune our portfolio of assets while at the same time reducing the number of shares outstanding.  The third pillar of our strategy has been to take our world-class content and to extend it into new interactive platforms. The end goal, of course, is to reach even larger audiences, to achieve wider margins on our first run content, and to create incremental revenue streams while getting paid for our content through every single means possible.  We recently formed a new unit, CBS Interactive, headed by Quincy Smith to lead this charge. Quincy has moved quickly to position all of our businesses to capitalize on numerous interactive opportunities. For example, as you may recall last year we transitioned our March Madness on demand service to a free ad-supported model. Our out of market online game coverage turned out to be a huge hit. So this year, we've sold it much more aggressively and project to double our revenues and increase our profits sixfold. This is a trend that we expect to continue as this medium grows.  We have also formed a new unit called CBS Mobile to help us adapt our content to the cell phone; a platform that some experts believe has even greater promise than the Internet. We continue to broker deals with carriers that pay us significant license fees for our content.  Beyond the cell phone we continue to extend our hit content to interactive platforms everywhere including iTunes, Comcast, Yahoo!, YouTube and others. We have also set up an investment fund and are investing in a variety of companies that will lead us into this space as well. There has been so much activity on the Internet front already it's hard to believe that this is just the beginning.  So before I say much more about the future let me briefly update you on the major headlines coming from each of our businesses.  In television the CBS Television Network continues to be America's most-watched television network in primetime. Currently, season to date, we're number 1 in every major category, households adult 25-to-54 and 18-to-49. These numbers were also true before the Super Bowl; we were number 1 in all these categories and obviously all these numbers increased after the game.  With more than 93 million viewers, CBS' coverage of Super Bowl 41 gathered the third-biggest audience in broadcast history behind the finale of Mash and Super Bowl 30. According to Nielson, about 140 million people watched all or part of that game -- 140 million people; that's close to half of the U.S. population. It also achieved record advertising pricing as well. Remember, there is simply no other medium that can deliver that many eyeballs in one fell swoop and create that kind of passionate community. We're thrilled with the success of Super Bowl 41.  What's more, our broadcast of the Grammies on February 11th delivered the award program's largest audience and highest ratings in adults 18-to-49 and adults 25-to-54 since 2004. While we love having the mega events, our real strength lies in the depth and consistency of our successful shows. We have nine of the top 20 shows, more than any other network.  Also in television, our production company, CBS Paramount Network Television, continues to provide top programs to the broadcast and cable markets and now produces seven of the top 20 primetime series on network television.  On the distribution side, we combined CBS Paramount Television, King World and CBS Paramount International during the fourth quarter to form CBS Television Distribution, the biggest syndication powerhouse in the business. Rachael Ray was the most successful new series of 2006 and with renewals through 2010, it's a franchise in the making. Most importantly overall our strength in syndication remains solid and on most weeks we have nine of the top 10 shows in syndication.  Our cable operations are thriving as well. Showtime had a terrific quarter and year, both in programming and subscriber growth. Dexter quickly became the network's highest-rated show and along with Weeds continues to generate great critical and industry acclaim. In April we're looking forward to the premiere of our next big original series, The Tudors.  Over at CSTV we're enjoying the immediate benefit of recent multi-year programming agreements with DirecTV that has put CSTV in nearly 21 million homes. That's a 50% increase since we acquired it last year.  Our television station group also had an extremely strong fourth quarter and a great 2006 overall, primarily driven by political dollars and the success of the CBS Television Network. We've seen local news ratings growth in key markets, particularly in New York and L.A. where most of the money is made. There's indication that 2008 political dollars could creep well into 2007, particularly in major states across the country where the primaries are being moved up.  Moving to radio, clearly in 2006 for radio it was a challenging year. We're not satisfied with this performance and we continue to aggressively seek ways to engage listeners with the programming that they want to hear in the ways they want to hear it. Certain formats such as JACK and FREE FM have shown positive momentum and we continue to leverage interactive opportunities and capitalize upon HD radio and streaming, plus the use of online video streaming and other technologies are already helping radio become more personalized and community-oriented. Throughout the year, as I noted, we sharpened our major market focus in radio which will now enable us to deploy our resources where they matter most.  Let's not forget that we achieved multiples in mid-teens for our slower growing markets. This only underscores the values of the operations we have elected to keep. With the sales of many of our stations at high multiples, with the improvement in many formats and with all the new digital initiatives we are ahead of the curve in our transformation of this important business.  In outdoor, our outdoor division continues to show exceptional growth. Revenues were up double-digits for the quarter driven by strong performances in the U.S., Mexico and Canada. In North America and in our international operations, we have continued to acquire multiple display spaces while ramping up our digital media offerings. We love outdoor and expect the strong growth to keep going as digital technologies continue to make out-of-home ads more compelling, targeted, timely and cost effective for advertisers.  Over at our publishing business, Simon & Schuster finished 2006 with 111 New York Times bestsellers, the most in company history. Fourth quarter sales were very strong and have carried over well into the first quarter.  So that's a brief look at where CBS is today. We had a great first year and our fourth quarter was our strongest quarter of the year, giving us great momentum going into 2007. We continue to produce strong free cash flow quarter in and quarter out, maintaining a healthy balance sheet. We have substantially repositioned our portfolio from parks to significant broadcasting properties, which will put us in a strong financial position for 2007 and beyond.  When comparing 2007 to 2006 on an as-reported basis, several factors including higher expense for stock-based compensation, the sale of those 39 radio stations and nine television stations as well as the shutdown of UPN, will result in revenue and operating income that will be comparable to that of '06.  For the long term, the company is poised to deliver rates of growth as follows: low single-digit growth in revenues, mid single-digit growth in operating income and high single-digit growth in earnings per share. This future outlook underlies our strong fundamentals across the company.  It is this solid base and our belief in the future of these businesses that enables us to make two important announcements today. First, I am pleased to announce this morning that our board of directors has approved an increase of 10% in our quarterly dividend raising it from $0.20 to $0.22. We continue to believe that a healthy dividend is the best way to return value to our shareholders. This is now the fourth increase in the last 14 months from $0.14 to $0.16, from $0.16 to $0.18, $0.18 to $0.20 and now from $0.20 to $0.22. This represents a total increase of nearly 60% since we became a standalone company last year.  A second shareholder initiative is one we discussed on our last earnings call: a potential share repurchase program. I'm pleased to tell you that in addition to the dividend increase, our board has approved a $1.5 billion share repurchase program. We plan to buy back up to 6% of the company's outstanding common stock, or roughly 47 million shares at current values. If you include the shares we acquired in the Liberty swap it is actually 7%. Fred will discuss the particulars a little bit later.  The approval of the dividend increase and share buyback program is a direct reflection of our complete confidence in our ongoing ability to generate strong, healthy free cash flow. We strongly believe in our businesses and have a proven ability to deliver on our commitments. We are doing everything we can to ensure this principle will continue for many years to come. We have demonstrated once again how important our shareholders are to us.  As you can tell, we've made great strides in 2006 and have positioned the company for future success in '07 and beyond. Once again we are positively determined to continue to receive compensation for our content through retransmission, reshape our portfolio into better margin, higher growth businesses, take our world-class content and to extend it to new interactive platforms and, as underscored by our two announcements this morning, return value to our investors.  Thank you and now let's hear from our CFO Fred Reynolds. 
 Fred Reynolds:  Thank you, Leslie and good morning to all of you. As Leslie just discussed our fourth quarter and full year 2006 highlights, let me add some additional information on our fourth quarter operating performance, cash flow and balance sheet. Then I'll brief you on our $1.5 billion share buyback plan and finally provide you with some comments on our expectations for 2007.  Revenues for the fourth quarter of 2006 totaled $3.9 billion. That was up 2% over the fourth quarter of last year. Now as we have mentioned in previous quarters, two items reduced our reported revenue growth when compared to 2005: first was the absence of the UPN network in the fourth quarter of 2006 due to its shutdown at the end of September. Second, we now record our DVD revenues net of cost as we now use a third-party distributor. These two items reduced our total revenue growth in the fourth quarter by 3.6 percentage points.  Television, outdoor and Simon & Schuster led our fourth quarter revenue growth with television up 3% versus year ago fourth quarter. Again, the absence of UPN and recording DVD's net reduced the television segment's revenue growth by 5.5 percentage points. TV stations lead the segment's revenue growth with revenues up 14.6%, driven by very strong political ad spending in the fourth quarter of 2006.  Turning to OIBDA, as you will note, in our earnings release we report profits with and without the non-cash impairment charges which had a very, very significant negative impact on earnings in the fourth quarter of 2005. So OIBDA, excluding the impairment charges for the fourth quarter of 2006, was $860 million, up 11% over last year's fourth quarter. Included in the fourth quarter's OIBDA was $13 million of stock-based compensation expense versus only $5 million in the previous year's quarter. Again, the television segment led our OIBDA growth in the fourth quarter, up 20% over the fourth quarter of last year. Outdoors' OIBDA was up 13% versus year ago.  We are very pleased, very pleased to report that all of our segments improved their profit margins in the fourth quarter. Overall our adjusted OIBDA margin for the company was 22.5% in the fourth quarter of 2006, up almost 2 percentage points over the fourth quarter of 2005. As you can tell, with the portfolio moves that we have made that margins are going up as we get rid of businesses that were not as profitable as the total company.  Subsequent to the year end 2006 we made a couple announcements on the sale of nine television stations. These stations were sold at an after-tax multiple of about 15X cash flow. However, due to high allocated goodwill and intangibles associated with this transaction we did recognize a $65 million non-cash impairment charge in the fourth quarter of 2006. We expect to close on the sale of these TV stations early in the second half of 2007, at which time the gain on the sale will be recognized.  Operating income for the fourth quarter totaled $759 million on an adjusted basis, up 14% over the fourth quarter year ago. In other items net you'll notice that there's a profit of $13 million in the fourth quarter. Recorded in other items net is the gain on the sale of the five Buffalo radio stations which closed in December of 2006.  As we have noted in the earnings release, subsequent to year end ten radio stations in three markets -- Kansas City, Columbus and Greensboro -- have closed. Those gains on those sales will be recorded in the first quarter of 2007. The remaining 24 radio stations in six markets will close during the balance of the first and second quarters.  Our provision for income tax, including the impact of impairment charges for the fourth quarter, came in at a 33% rate, quite a bit lower than the fourth quarter 2005's rate of 45%. The drop in the tax rate is due largely to truing up the tax provision for the federal, state and local returns which were filed at the end of 2006. Going forward, we expect our tax provision to be at a rate of approximately 14%.  Also during the fourth quarter 2006 we took a non-cash charge to reduce the carrying value of one of our equity investments due to the fact that, in our opinion, the investment's stock price decline in 2006 was other than temporary. This non-cash charge of $156 million pre-tax and $94 million after-tax is reflected in equity losses in affiliated companies.  As Leslie noted, net earnings for the fourth quarter was at $335 million, or $0.43 a share on an as-reported basis. On an adjusted basis, excluding the impairment charges, stock-based compensation asset sales and the one-time tax benefit that was referred to, earnings per share was $0.60 for the fourth quarter of '06, up 43% over year ago. Free cash flow for the fourth quarter was a use of cash of about $14.7 million.  However, included in free cash flow in the fourth quarter was our discretionary pre-funding of our qualified pension plan of $200 million. As we have mentioned previously, we believe the mid-teens after-tax internal rate of return on funding the pension plan, in essence reducing debt and getting a tax deduction for it, was a real good use of our excess cash. Taking into account this pension pre-funding we produced very strong free cash flow in the fourth quarter 2006.  Strong earnings coupled with high accounts receivable collections drove cash flow in the fourth quarter offset somewhat by a $66 million increase in capital spending. The jump in capital spending was driven by a $49 million increase in the television segment relating to new TV station facilities in Los Angeles and Chicago. As you'll recall, we previously sold the L.A. and Chicago buildings and these are their replacement facilities.  CapEx was also up about $30 million at outdoor, driven by spending for new and additional displays for our London Underground contract which has been extended for another eight years and new boards including digital in the U.S.  Turning to the balance sheet. At 12/31/06 cash totaled $3.1 billion and gross debt was $7 billion. Sale of assets such as Paramount Parks plus full year free cash flow of over $1.6 billion, which you should note includes $250 million of the discretionary pension pre-funding for the full year, greatly improved our already very strong balance sheet. Our leverage ratio using gross debt of the $7 billion was 2.2:1 for the year ended 2006.  Now let's turn to 2007. As Leslie mentioned, several factors will affect our revenue and profit growth on an as-reported basis in 2007 versus 2006. Most of these factors which affect 2007 involve actions we had taken to reshape our portfolio, to improve our growth prospects, increase margins and along the way, as Leslie said, get terrific exit values.  Here are the key items which will affect revenue and profit comparisons in 2007 versus 2006:  First, as you'll recall, we signed agreements in 2006 to sell 39 radio stations for $669 million, or over 14X their 2006 OIBDA. These stations have either closed or will close shortly and their absence will affect the comparability with 2006.  Next, we also announced the sale of the nine TV stations for about $250 million or 15X their 2006 OIBDA. The sale of these stations will affect comparability again in 2007 versus 2006 when these transactions close later this year.  Third, for the nine months UPN was still broadcasting in 2006, it produced revenues of over $175 million which will affect our 2007 revenue growth comparisons as now UPN has been shut down.  Next, off-network syndication in 2007 will largely consist of the syndication of NCIS which will likely occur in the fourth quarter of 2007. In 2006, as we reported on, we syndicated the second cycles of Frasier, Star Trek Voyager and the first cycles of CSI Miami and Without a Trace. As we look to 2008 and 2009 the number of programs we have available for syndication increases dramatically.  Finally, stock-based compensation expense will likely increase by $40 million to $50 million in 2007 versus 2006, assuming the same level of equity grants are issued in 2007 as were issued last year. As you know, we vest the equity grants pro rata over four years, so the 2006 grants will have roughly 25% of their expense reflected in 2007 thereby driving up our incremental stock-based compensation expense in 2007.  Taking all these items into account, revenues and operating income on an as reported basis would be comparable to 2006. However, on an underlying growth basis, stripping out all these non-comparable items we expect our businesses in 2007 will deliver another solid operating performance and strong cash flow.  Finally, as Leslie announced at the start of today's call, we'll raise our dividend by $0.02 to $0.22 a quarter and that's payable April 1st to shareholders of record as of March 7th. Also we will initiate a one-time $1.5 billion share buyback program utilizing an accelerated share repurchase program or ASR. Our ASR program will involve us buying $1.5 billion of CBS shares, or roughly 47 million shares, from a financial institution immediately reducing the number of shares outstanding. We believe an ASR program will efficiently and effectively utilize our excess cash and ensure the share buyback is accomplished at a very attractive cost to us. We expect to complete the share buyback program by the end of this first quarter.  With that I thank you and we'd like to open the telephone lines for your questions. Connie, if you could open the lines that would be great. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Victor Miller - Bear Stearns. 
 Victor Miller - Bear Stearns:  Fred, I have a question for you and one for Leslie. In terms of the 39 radio stations and nine TV stations at UPN, the net political dollars that you had last year versus what you anticipate this year, syndication revenues you talked about, can you give us a sense when you wrap that all together, Fred, what does that mean in terms of the revenue drag potentially for this year versus last year and in the sense of the EBITDA associated with that bucket of pieces?  Leslie, in terms of the radio business you have been able to sell your radio stations at about a 14.1X multiple overall. I'm wondering two things philosophically. One, is there any more to do in terms of paring back that portfolio? Secondly, if you look at a lot of the radio growth that Clear Channel just reported, one could argue that it comes from Premier, which is its network business. As you know, Citadel is now buying ABC's network business along with its station so there's, again, an integrated radio network presence. There are two of those in the marketplace, Westwood is kind of a separate entity and you own an 18% stake in it. Does it make any sense to have in your case those two together? Thanks. 
 Les Moonves:  In terms of paring it down, right now we're pretty satisfied. We did an analysis at the beginning of the year of what we felt were the smaller markets least likely to grow stations. When you're able to get the multiples that we got, we did that. It's not to say that we won't look at it and potentially pare down further, but at the moment we're pretty happy with the hand that we're dealt.  We do have a relationship obviously with Westwood One where we own a decent percentage of the company. There are no plans right now to bring that in-house. One could argue about the value of the networks. We still think Westwood is a very valuable asset, but we have no plans to bring it in-house and combines it with our radio stations. 
 Fred Reynolds:  Victor, on the radio stations, their sales for '06 were about $125 million,$130 million. I give you a little bit of a range because some of them when into an LMA in the fourth quarter. But their run rate for that probably is about $125 million. The nine TV stations are probably around $75 million to $80 million in revenue. So that's what will come out and as we've committed before, we'll do the reports on a same-station basis so you can see the comparability, but that is going to be a drag.  Finally, I think your question was about political. Clearly '06 was a great political year, it set all records. As Leslie alluded to, every year, even on odd years we have political but nowhere at the level that you have an election year. The question is will some of the '08 political dollars come into this year? That is hard to tell at this point. But political was very strong in '06. Obviously we had the Super Bowl this year, so on a revenue standpoint the revenue won't change that much except the profitability is clearly different from selling a normal ad versus a sports ad. 
 Les Moonves: Clearly the political race is heating up a lot faster than everybody thought it would. I think there's more attention, considering that we are almost two years away from the next election the fireworks that are out there bodes well for us. Obviously a lot of people are raising a lot of money and so I think it bodes well. I think, as Fred said, there's a real possibility there could be more leakage from '08 into '07 of political dollars. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jessica Reif-Cohen  Merrill Lynch. 
 Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Les, as you reshape your assets over the next three to five years, how different will the revenue and cash flow mix be? Do you need to make acquisitions? Where do you stop with the dispositions?  Could you just give us a little guidance on how much you plan on spending for digital boards in outdoor in '07 and '08? 
 Les Moonves:  Jessica, the first question is a tough one. Obviously we are investing in a rather small way in a variety of new media assets. We do believe in their long-term growth and that that's where a lot of our revenue is going to come from in the future. It's really hard to assess where that is.  As it stands now we still believe in the blocking and tackling of our basic assets which are television, radio and outdoor and they're still great businesses. There will be obviously revenue and profit migrating into new media assets and we intend to be there in quite a large way.  We didn't have any great intention to sell our television stations, these nine stations, but at the multiples that we were offered they were very, very high prices and we had to look at that. The same thing with our radio stations. On one hand people say, gee, radio is slowing down. At these multiples it certainly doesn't look that way. So we're pretty pleased with the way we ended up and we would always listen to a reasonable offer. 
 Fred Reynolds:  Jessica, on the outdoor, one of the big jumps in the fourth quarter of '06 was in outdoor, about $29 million to $30 million. Most of that was with the London Underground and a lot of that is digital. We were looking to expand our capital spending in '07 in outdoor by about $40 million to $50 million, and I would say a good share of that, the lion's share of that, is probably for digital outdoor in the UK.  Just to give you a perspective on where we are. At the end of '07 we expect to have in the U.S. about 300 digital boards installed. That is up from about 160 where we are now. In Europe because of the London Underground, we are going to have thousands of boards, but they're going to be more the display boards. We could end '07 with about 3,000 display boards with the lion's share in the London Underground. So I think you can kind of plan on $30 million to $40 million a year in the expansion of our boards. Most of it will be in the digital area. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Lucas Binder - UBS Investments. 
 Lucas Binder - UBS Investments : On retransmission, obviously it is good direction, the announcement last week with regard to the nine cable companies, MSOs. What is the timeline for the next step and what can we look out for as far as additional negotiations ahead of the big MSOs in 2009?  Fred, you mentioned on a gross basis you are about 2.2X leverage. Do you see opportunity to increase that, and potentially following on how the share buyback goes you'll look to do additional buybacks in the future? 
 Les Moonves:  On the retrans, obviously we are extremely pleased by the nine MSOs that have jumped on board. You're going to see more and more of these smaller operators and some of the not so small operators coming around. And as I said, there's a shift, there's a new paradigm. As I've said before, MSOs are already paying for networks. You can disguise it under other things as everybody has done. I've said this before, if you're paying $3 for ESPN, you're really paying $2.50 for ESPN and $0.50 for ABC. We are now a stand-alone. We see more and more of the MSOs getting on board.  As you noticed, these nine MSO deals were done without a whole a lot of noise. There weren't big newspaper ads, there weren't big fights, there wasn't anything pulled off the air. So I think the MSOs are realizing that it's better to get along than to fight. Yes, the big ones are up in '09 and '10, but you'll see us do a number of deals before then. 
 Fred Reynolds: The leverage ratio, as we said before, is really at the low end of what we targeted. We have some debt maturities that come due in '07, about $700 million in May, we plan to extend those out with ten and 30-year money depending on how the market looks. So there's no desire to reduce our debt or leverage.  Listen, we think paying dividends and increasing it is the best way. If you look at where we are, we'll spend about $675 million on dividend payouts at the $0.22 a quarter. That's before the share buyback. So we buyback 47 million shares so that drops to maybe $640 million. That's a very significant call on cash. As you know, it's far greater than our interest cost. So I think we have to weigh that. I think the inclination of Sumner and Leslie and myself is that dividends would be the preferred method.  But hopefully we've proven to you that when we have a windfall on some of these asset sales that we're going to return to shareholders if we can't redeploy it effectively at greater than our cost of capital in our existing business.  That is our goal thought, we would love to keep redeploying this cash in our businesses and accelerate both the revenue, profit and returns growth. But absent that we'll return it to you. The preference really is dividends because we think it is a little bit stickier, if I could use that term. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Kathy Styponias - Prudential. 
 Kathy Styponias - Prudential: Les, I was wondering if you can reconcile for us in light of your retransmission consent deal, your decision to sell TV stations albeit in smaller markets, in light of the fact that it's at the TV station level that you're actually capturing the cash for retrans consent, why are you selling stations and what should we expect from you with respect to further TV station sales?  Fred, I was wondering if you can give us any sort of color on what the value that you're extracting for retransmission consent for the CBS signal? Thanks. 
 Les Moonves:  Kathy, in terms of that, obviously we weighed that. These are really small market stations that we sold. We weren't going out there looking for them, but when you get the opportunity to sell them at those phenomenal multiples, you figure in what retrans potentially could be and the economics still made much, much better sense to do a sale.  Having said that, there would be little chance that any major station would be sold because the future is extremely bright for what they will get per sub. So we factored that in and it all worked out in our favor.  I'm not going to let Fred tell you what we're getting per sub. 
 Fred Reynolds: Kathy, obviously Leslie has stated that the value of our content and I guess you can be assured that we're going to be fairly compensated for that in these deals. I would echo what Leslie says about these businesses. When you get a 15X after-tax multiple, Kathy, as you know, on businesses like Austin we could have baked in almost ESPN kind of retrans and not gotten those multiples. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Klim - Credit Suisse. 
 John Klim - Credit Suisse: Have you seen any material impact or could you talk about any impact on the ratings of the shows that you've highlighted on YouTube? Could you update us on how you feel about further developing your relationship with YouTube or its parent company, Google? Thanks. 
 Les Moonves:  Sure. Our deal with YouTube where we supply certain entertainment news and sports content is primarily promotional at this point in time. Certainly with the entertainment stuff we have seen certain cause and effect from some of our research. It's rather early to say, but in terms of the number of hits that our promos get on YouTube, arguably our content is promoted so heavily because of the number of people. In addition, it's bringing in a younger demographic. We think it is fairly significant.  It's hard to do an absolute cause and effect, but we know it absolutely is helping. We are looking at every single outlet there is for our content. We are talking to everybody. As you've seen, we've done deals with just about everybody and it's something that all the companies are looking at and how do we maximize our content in the future either through advertising sales or through promotion. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank. 
 Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank:  Les, one of your most under-monetized assets when you look across your company remains your TV library, maybe even current TV production. So cable operators are sitting there with plenty of servers at their head ends, waiting for the green light to offer as much TV content and demand as you will give them. What's holding you back right now from offering more or all of your content on demand? I know that you're doing some, but it's tiny relative to the totality of your TV library and current production.  Maybe along a similar vein, what happened in the Google negotiations that made you uncomfortable that you didn't want to give them broad distribution of your TV content at this time? Was it monetization, was it rights? What was it? 
 Les Moonves:  No, it's a very valid point. Our TV library is unbelievably valuable and it is relatively undermined. We have not put a lot of properties out there. The main reason -- this sort of ties into your second question -- is we want to get paid appropriately for it. We will eventually have our library out there, it will be on demand either through advertising, subscription or pay per view, some way shape or form, we just value it very highly and very dearly.  We obviously get paid through syndication and DVDs. It is inevitable that our library is going to be out on the Internet and downloaded and we will be making deals for this content. The good news for us as we go forward is, you're right, it is undermined and there's a great future ahead with this library and with our current production. So look for more things in the fairly near future. 
 Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank:  I'm not sure if there's a specific answer you can give, but as you think about the things that are holding you back right now, is it the size of Google's audience, is it the cable operators, are they not able to monetize through advertising the content to the level you'd like to see? What's stopping it from happening? 
 Les Moonves:  In general terms without getting into the specifics, we want to make sure that, look, there is a cause and effect. Obviously putting it out there, we want our content and I genuinely believe everybody is going to be able to get our content whenever they want it, wherever they want it, it's just getting the right price at the right time for it.  There are a lot of factors that weigh in. Obviously we have an important DVD library that might be affected, we have the syndication thing that might be affected and that will all be well and good and we think that the Internet will be additive to that, it's just that we just have to be appropriately paid for it. We discuss this all the time and it's one of the things that we deal with greatly but we have to get the right deal. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Anthony Diclemente - Lehman Brothers. 
 Anthony Diclemente - Lehman Brothers: Fred, if you take the free cash flow that you reported in this release for '06 and you add back the $250 million in pension contribution, which I think most people would agree is discretionary, you get to about $2.40 a share of free cash flow.  My question is, as we move forward into '07 you're looking for comparable EBITDA. Is there any reason that the free cash flow number shouldn't move in somewhat lockstep with EBITDA? Is there any change in working capital or change in CapEx that's dramatic that we should know about?  Is there any chance that the retransmission deals that you have in place with the larger cable operators, that being Comcast and Time Warner Cable, are renegotiated prior to the '08/'09 time period when those contracts are up? Given the shift that you discuss in the balance is there any chance that you would preempt the existing time horizon on those existing contracts? Thank you. 
 Fred Reynolds: As you know, we don't forecast or give guidance on cash flow. But let me give you a couple comments because I think it might be helpful. In '06 we spent a little under $400 million, $394 million in capital spending. Our expectations, which you'll see in our K that gets filed probably tomorrow or the next day, we are going to give a range of estimates of $450 million to $475 million in capital spending. I personally think we'll be at the low end of that at the $450 million. So we are going to step up capital spending again. The lion's share of it is going to go into outdoor, so that is going to be a change.  The one thing I think, as we noted I think it was in the second and third quarter, that we had the settlement of a number of previous audits of taxes with the IRS from 2000 to 2003. We also had a fairly large overpayment in 2005 that we applied to 2006. So our cash taxes will go up. Everything else you say, working capital probably will be the same; we won't use a lot of working capital. As you know, with only one major syndication versus four that we will have no use of net assets, you guys call it working capital, it's really changed to net assets because the receivable won't get ballooned as much. 
 Anthony Diclemente - Lehman Brothers:  And then presumably your interest expense comes down I would think? 
 Fred Reynolds:  Sure, interest on $1.5 billion, we earn a measly 5.25% on that. So on $1.5 billion that's going to come down by $75 million or so. Again, I don't want to give a forecast. I would point out that capital spending will go up, everything else should stay the same except cash taxes will go up in '07 because we won't enjoy the roughly $150 million overpayment that we got to enjoy in '06. 
 Les Moonves:  Anthony, on your second question, certainly it's possible that we would enter into early discussions with these people. Our relationships with Comcast are terrific. We do a lot of business with them. We have a VOD deal with them and we talk to them all the time. The same thing with Time Warner obviously. We have a lot of business with Time Warner, we co-own the CW with them, they have a lot of programming on CBS so we are open to dialogue, Showtime is negotiating with them all the time as is CSTV. We are certainly open and willing to talk with them at any point in time. I guess it's very possible that negotiations could begin much earlier than when the contracts are up. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Kit Spring - Stifel. 
 Kit Spring - Stifel: A number of your affiliates are being successful with retrans fees. Do you expect to change the relationships with your affiliate so that you garner some of those economics? I think that's been changing over the past five or ten years. Do you see affiliate comp turning to reverse comp and how big of an opportunity is that? 
 Les Moonves:  You know, Kit, our relationship with our affiliates has evolved over a period of time. When I first got here we were paying out hundreds of millions of dollars which is virtually down to zero right now. There are a lot of deals that we do with them. Our relationships with our affiliates are great. They like the idea getting paid for retrans as do we. So it's an ongoing dialogue in terms of the content we supply them as well as our relationship with them.  So without getting specific it will be an ongoing dialogue and, once again, it continues to evolve. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Miller - Sanders Morris Harris. 
 David Miller - Sanders Morris Harris: Outdoor revenue growth plus 10%, that's obviously model growth in the quarter generally comparable to your competitors. I would think, however, that that would be leverageable into at least mid-teens to high teens EBITDA growth. You came in with plus 13% growth. It looks like you got hit by foreign exchange a little bit. Was there something else going on in the quarter expense wise that you could flesh out for us?  Also, at your analyst day about a year ago today or a year ago this week or so you had mentioned that the publishing business was also non-core to operations, very similar to the Paramount Parks. What is the status of the sale of that asset? Thanks very much. 
 Les Moonves:  David, thank you. I'll deal with the publishing question and I'll flip it to Fred to give you the color on the outdoor business. In terms of publishing, yes, I mean arguably Simon & Schuster is not a core business; however, they are showing a tremendous ability to generate terrific revenues and profits and we love having them with us. We think it's a great asset. As I said, they not only had their best year last year creatively, but financially they're doing far better than people expected. So we love having it and we find no need to sell it, it's going to be a part of our businesses for a long time to come. 
 Fred Reynolds: On outdoor, a couple things in the fourth quarter. Again, I would cite that in U.S. the billboard business was up 12%, and some of it had to do with the revenue growth. As you may know, some of the contracts that were sort of marginal for us we're no longer participating in, which plays into what we booked as far as expenses in the fourth quarter.  We did have severance costs to lay off 110 people that related to the New York MTA and also the New York street furniture businesses that we no longer have. Again, those were marginal at best contracts for us, so the revenue will come down in all of '07, but the profits will not be that affected. But we did recognize the exit cost to get out of that including, again, layoffs of 110 people.  We did renew the New York subway and we did renew the London Underground, both of which had significant increases in fees in the fourth quarter because both of those new contracts started in the fourth quarter. What I would tell you, there's a little bit of a lag. Obviously the municipalities want their fees early. They have with the increased license fees came increased availability of inventory, a lot of it, as we discussed earlier on the call, going to digital. So we're building out, we're adding the new display, that's why we're spending more on capital there, but the revenue, we haven't monetized all the displays yet. I would expect to '07 us being able to hike off and more than offset the increase in the transit franchise fees or license fees in the New York subway and London Underground.  We had some other renewals, but I think those are the big items that sort of were a drag on the fourth quarter and why I've said I think we can go 2X revenues up at 1% in the U.S. and profits should be up 2%. Those were the drags that pulled us down, but again, I think almost all of them are just transitional and that we will have more inventory to sell even though the franchise fee went up. 
Operator: Your final question comes from Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley. 
 Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Let me ask you a question on the DVR side. Can you give us an update on your thoughts on Live Plus, what the ad buyers are saying along those lines and any expectation for monetization of recorded viewing in 2007 in your guidance? 
 Les Moonves:  Yes, the advertisers got away with just getting Live last May. That won't happen this year. Number one, there are much more sophisticated ways of measurement through the commercial ratings, more Live Plus Same Day, Live Plus Three. It's now going to become a significant number and we need to get paid for that, we will get paid for that. I think all the networks feel like that is a necessity and that it's going to happen which bodes very well for this upfront period. So we're very excited about it. 
 Marty Shea:  Thank you, everyone for joining us. I will be available for the rest of the day. Have a great day. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2006 Q3  (2006-11-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Sumner Redstone - Executive Chairman Leslie Moonves - President and CEO Fred Reynolds  EVP and CFO Marty Shea  IR
Analysts: Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank William Drewry - Credit Suisse Victor Miller - Bear Stearns Kathy Styponias  Prudential John Blackledge  JP Morgan  Anthony DiClemente - Lehman Brothers Andrew Baker - Cathay Financial Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs Michael Nathanson  Bernstein David Miller - Sanders Morris Harris
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the CBS Corporation third quarter 2006 earnings release teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the call over to the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Marty Shea. 
Marty Shea: Good morning, everyone and thank you for taking the time to join us for our third quarter 2006 earnings call. Joining me for today's discussion are Sumner Redstone, our Executive Chairman; Leslie Moonves, our President and CEO; and Fred Reynolds, Executive Vice President and CFO. Sumner will have some opening remarks, and then we will turn the call over to Les and Fred for strategic and financial issues. We will then open up the call for questions.  Let me note that statements on this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS's Corporation's news releases and security filings.  A summary of CBS Corporation's third quarter 2006 results should have been sent to all of you. If you did not receive the results, please contact Punam Visay at 212-975-3667 and she will get it to you. A webcast of the call, the earnings release, and any other information related to this presentation can be found on CBS Corporation's corporate website at the address of cbscorporation.com.  Now, let me turn the call over to Sumner. 
Sumner Redstone: Thanks, Marty and good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. We now have three quarters on the books and I couldnt be more pleased with everything that Les and his team have achieved. Over the past ten months, we have delivered on the promises CBS made at the beginning of the year. We have driven growth in every important measure: revenue, profits, free cash flow, and of great importance to our shareholders, dividends. By the way, think about it -- free cash flow up 65%. Our core businesses continue to be among the strongest in the industry and at the same time, Les and his team are executing our strategy of bringing our world-class content to emerging digital platforms.  I must tell you, I am more enthusiastic than ever about what Les and his team are doing at CBS and everything the future holds for this great Company, and by the way, for this great executive. I have said it before, I want to say it to you again: in Les we have the best executive in the media industry. To tell you more about it, here is our great executive, Les. 
Leslie Moonves: Thank you, Sumner. I'm overwhelmed by your comments; I really am. I appreciate it. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. I am very happy to be here to talk about the CBS Corporation's third quarter results. It continues to be a very exciting time at CBS. We are pleased with the performance of our core businesses. Many of the digital opportunities we have seen on the horizon are now becoming reality.  This morning, I will give you an overview of our third quarter results, along with some key operational highlights. After that, our CFO Fred Reynolds will provide a more detailed look at our financial position, and then we will open up the call for your questions.  We started the third quarter by raising the dividend 11% from $0.18 to $0.20 per share. It was the third time we increased the dividend since the start of the year, adding up to a total increase of 43%. Once again, these increases demonstrate that we are confident in where we are and where we are headed and importantly, we are committed to delivering on our promise to continually return value to you, our shareholders.  Now, let's take a look at our other third quarter financial highlights. Revenues of $3.4 billion were very slightly ahead of the same quarter last year. OIBDA was up 3% to $756 million. Operating income rose 4% to $646 million. However, excluding stock-based compensation and adjusting for the separation, OIBDA for the third quarter was up 6% and operating income was up 7%.  Meanwhile, net earnings from continuing operations were up 26% to $324 million. Diluted EPS was up 27% to $0.42 per diluted share. Free cash flow, which reflects net cash flow from continuing operations minus capital expenditures, was up 65% to $432 million.  Looking a bit closer at revenues, we had 9% growth in outdoor, offset by a 6% decline in radio. TV revenues were essentially flat, again affected by certain one-time events such as the switch from self-distribution to third-party distribution of our DVD business and the shutdown of the UPN Television Network. Overall, there is no doubt that are core businesses are very healthy and continue to throw off lots of cash.  Now, we know you have a lot of questions about what we plan to do with all that cash. Some preliminary thoughts: I want to reiterate what I have said before, we have no plans to make any large acquisitions. That means we are not buying a movie studio. But rather, we will continue to look for smaller tuck-in opportunities that complement the businesses we are already in. Just this week, we announced an equity investment in Spot Runner, a unique start-up that helps small businesses promote their brands with high quality, local television ads. We believe Spot Runner has great potential and clearly fits well with our core businesses, making it a smart strategic investment in our future.  I will say more later about the balance sheet, particularly as it pertains to future plans for use of our cash. But first, I would like to take you through some of the operational highlights at the businesses, starting with television. At the CBS Television Network, we started the 2006-2007 season strong and have been holding our lead over the other networks ever since.  Through the first five weeks of the season, we continue to be number one in households, number one in viewers, number one in 25 to 54, a very competitive number two in adults 18 to 49, just a tenth of a point behind ABC. We have the number one sitcom, Two and a Half Men; the number one news magazine, 60 Minutes; the number one new drama, Shark. Through Sunday, we have grown CBS viewers year-over-year and we are up double-digit in viewers 25 to 54 and 18 to 49 on three nights of the week.  It is not just CBS who is doing well. Looking at the big four networks year-over-year, viewers are up 7%, 25 to 54 is up, 18 to 49 is up. Once again, the so-called death of network television has been greatly exaggerated, even by some of the other networks.  On the highly competitive Thursday night, much has been written. We have stood up very well to counter programming from ABC. CSI is neck-in-neck with Grey's Anatomy in viewers and is the number two show overall on television. Plus, our shows repeat extremely well. When the rebroadcast of CSI aired against a rebroadcast of Grey's Anatomy last Thursday night, we topped Grey's by 38% in viewers and 11% in 18 to 49.  Meanwhile, DVR and Internet streaming are only adding viewers. New technologies and platforms make it easy for people to enjoy both programs that air during these highly competitive time periods. We are already getting paid for this incremental viewing on the Internet, and we expect to get paid for DVR viewing next year.  Over at the news division, we're very pleased with the progress we're making at the new Evening News with Katie Couric. While the overall ratings have returned to Earth since Katie's debut week, the show has picked up traction in key, younger demos. Season to-date, it is up 24% in adults 25 to 54, which is where the vast majority of news business is sold. As a result, we have been able to attract millions more in advertising dollars. Our TV stations have also gotten a lift. They are up 33% in the demo since Katie's debut. By the way, we are the only network whose evening news ratings are up. All the others are down.  We're also serving up record numbers of users and viewers with CBS News online and the Evening News on demand. Not only does this reflect improved penetration with younger demos, it also positions CBS News as a trusted information source for younger audiences as they form primary media consumption habits online. We're really happy with everything that Katie has achieved since September 5th and are confident that in the years to come the wisdom of the decision to bring her to CBS will be even more evident at CBS.  Over at CBS Sports, we're having our third-best season since reclaiming the NFL in 1998. We expect to do even better in the coming weeks. In the NFL Today our pre-game show with James Brown is doing terrific. Season to-date, we are edging closer to Fox and are up 8% compared with last year, while Fox is flat.  As you know, in less than 100 days, we will have the Super Bowl back on CBS. Ad spots are selling briskly, with rates now coming in north of $2.5 million per 30 seconds. I guess network television is still pretty good.  In golf, we recently signed three times Masters winner Nick Faldo to be our new 18th tower guy, bolstering what already is the best golf announcing team in sports.  Our TV stations also had a very strong quarter thanks in large part to political and CBS network ratings. As I have said before, success at the TV stations tends to follow the success of the network. We're now seeing the positive impact of that success. In television production and syndication, we announced the formation of the CBS Television Distribution Group. The new powerhouse combines the syndication giant King World and CBS Paramount TV, both domestic and international. Collectively, our syndication group has nine of the ten top shows in syndication and the leadership position in every single program genre. The move of reorganizing will help us consolidate and streamline our operations, focusing on marketing resources, and realize significant cost savings.  Meanwhile, as we anticipated, Rachael Ray is a big hit. It is the number one new syndicated show this season by a wide margin, delivering the highest rated new show since Dr. Phil premiered in 2002.  At cable, Showtime continues to build its impressive portfolio of premium quality original programming. New shows like Dexter and Brotherhood, and returning hits such as Weeds and The L Word, are raising Showtime's profile. As a result, ratings and subscribers are up. Several Showtime programs have also found wider audiences on iTunes, where Weeds continues to be one of the most popular programs.  Over at CSTV we launched a new broadband platform in August that will cover over 10,000 live collegiate athletic events during the school year. In September, we began broadcasting the new Mountain West Regional Sports Network in partnership with Comcast. We're also happy with the launch of the new CW network, our 50-50 joint venture with Warner Brothers Entertainment. America's Next Top Model is winning its time period in women 18 to 34 and is just barely behind ABC in adults 18 to 34. The network as a whole is tracking ahead of the WB's ratings last year in both of these valuable demos. It is an impressive feat considering that CW viewers had to find their shows on new channels in much of the country. Our CW television stations are also performing very well.  Now turning to radio. As you know, back in May we announced our intention to sell some of our stations in ten smaller markets. We had a busy quarter in this regard. In August, we sold 17 stations in five markets. In September and October we sold 12 stations in three markets. Overall, we have entered into agreements to sell 29 stations in eight markets for a total of $570 million, with two more markets to go, Fresno and Greensboro. We are expecting excellent exit values for these stations, roughly 14X OIBDA and now we will be able to sharpen our focus in those markets where we see greater opportunity to grow.  We are encouraged by the revenue growth we have had in key formats during the third quarter. Spanish formats on our two major market stations were up 66%, and JACK FM on 12 stations was up 18%. In terms of pacing, if you exclude the smaller market stations that we have recently agreed to sell, October will finish up 3% in markets where we did not have loss of key morning programming from last year.  We believe that the right format, be it music, language or talk, we can grow radio's revenues. We are determined to keep finding the format that the largest audiences want to listen to. We're also beginning to see the result of new talent hires. After only five months on the air, Opie & Anthony are a force to be reckoned with during the morning drive. According to newly released summer ratings, they are number one in men aged 18 to 49 in New York City, up 150% since their arrival. They are up in other major cities as well: 100% in Boston, 104% in Philadelphia, 84% in DC, 155% in Cleveland.  We are extending radio to new media through podcasting and streaming. We now have over 90 stations broadcasting in HD. By the end of the year, we expect radio to bring in to close to $14 million in digital revenues.  Over in outdoor, we continue to see terrific growth both in revenues, which were up 9%, and OIBDA, which was up 20%. By the way, that growth is continuing into the fourth quarter, where revenues are pacing up 8%. Here in New York, we're forging ahead with our New York City subways deal. As you know we won the NYC subways contract for ten years starting in the first quarter of '07. We have begun installing the first 80 new urban LCD digital screens and expect to have them completed this month.  Over at our international operations, in the UK we're working on the London Underground and Victoria Coach Station contract. In France we have closed a deal to acquire Stower's billboard businesses which includes roughly 2,200 facings. Across all of our operations in Europe and Asia we're in the process of re-branding from Viacom Outdoor to CBS Outdoor. We look forward to having all of our outdoor businesses united under the CBS Corporation brand.  In publishing, Bob Woodward's State of Denial continues to fly off the shelf. It has been at the top of The New York Times bestseller list since its debut four weeks ago and already has close to 1 million copies in print. State of Denial is projected to be one of the most successful non-fiction titles of '06 and has already generated over $14 million in revenue. We also had robust sales from a sleeper hit, the Thirteenth Tale, a first novel by Diane Setterfield which jumped to the top of the New York Times list after just one week on sale. Also this fall, we have just published Steven King's latest blockbuster, Lisey's Story, and the highly anticipated 75th anniversary of that much beloved American icon, which I use all the time, The Joy of Cooking.  Last, but certainly not least, I want to talk about our efforts in the digital space. New media is a huge opportunity that cuts across all of our businesses and affects everything we do as a premier content company. You guys are always asking us when we're going to start making money here. While it is still too soon to quantify the impact, I can tell you we expect to generate hundreds of millions in digital revenues in '07. We made a number of very significant moves over the quarter to extend the reach of our television programming online.  In October we partnered with YouTube to begin offering short form video streams that include content from the CBS Television Network, Showtime, and CSTV. Meanwhile as I mentioned earlier, we continue to find new platforms to stream our hit content. We're already offering many of our shows on Google Video, Apple iTunes, Amazon.com, and AOL. Plus we began offering free next-day streaming of 12 primetime series on Innertube, our own entertainment website. We have streamed more than 2 million episodes of our show so far this season and over 3 million related videos. These numbers continue to grow week over week.  It is not just TV that is benefiting. The digital opportunity extends to all of our businesses. As I noted, we're getting streaming revenues in radio and at outdoor we are installing LCD digital screens in the New York City subways and all over the country. At publishing, Simon & Schuster recently partnered with Sony for the launch of its new eBook reader device. S&S is offering nearly 3,000 titles for sale at Sony's online store.  Finally, as I mentioned earlier, I want to take you through our priorities for how we intend to use our free cash. First, we will opportunistically pre-fund our qualified pension plan in the range of $150 million to $200 million.  Second, we will continue to return cash to our shareholders in the form of a dividend. As I said earlier, our dividend has increased 43% from $0.14 a quarter to $0.20 a quarter already this year. We expect dividends to continue to be the primary vehicle for returning cash to our shareholders each year. Going forward, we intend to increase our dividend in line with earnings growth and cash flow.  Finally, based on our current business trends, we intend to recommend to our board a stock buyback to the order of $1 billion to $1.5 billion in the early part of '07. This level of buyback would return to shareholders a significant portion of the strong after-tax gains we received on the sale of Paramount Parks and some of our radio stations. The form, exact amount, and timing of the buyback will be decided over the next few months as we discuss alternatives with our Board of Directors.  Above all, we will stay focused on long-term value creation and returning that value to you, our shareholders, both today and for many years to come.  Thank you. And with that, I will turn it over to Fred. 
Fred Reynolds: Thanks, Leslie and good morning. Leslie just provided you with the highlights to the third quarter 2006. Let me now provide you with additional information on our third quarter operating performance, cash flow and balance sheet, and our full-year outlook. Revenues for the third quarter of 2006 of about $3.4 billion were up slightly over the third quarter of '05.  Two items in the third quarter reduced our revenue growth when compared to the third quarter last year. The first item, as Leslie mentioned, was revenues from our DVD sales. which were considerably lower again this quarter versus year ago, as we are required to record DVD revenues on a net versus gross basis this year. Also, our broadcast network revenues were lower due to the shutdown of the UPN Network in mid-September. These two items combined to reduce our revenues for the total company in the third quarter of '06 as compared to last year's third quarter by approximately $50 million. These two items lowered our revenue growth in the third quarter by 1.5 percentage points.  Also, our revenue growth in the third quarter of '06 continued to be slowed by our radio segment sales decline versus last year. TV stations, outdoor, and Showtime all had solid revenue increases in the third quarter of '06 versus '05.  Operating profit before depreciation and amortization for the third quarter was $756 million, up 3.4% over last year's third quarter. Excluding stock-based compensation expense from both years, OIBDA would have increased 6.3%. Our OIBDA margins for the third quarter of '06 were 22.4%, up from 21.7% in the third quarter last year.  Operating income for the third quarter totaled $646 million, up 4% from year ago. Again, excluding the stock-based compensation expense, operating income would have increased by 7.3%. Our television and outdoor segments drove our profit growth in the third quarter, more than offsetting the profit decline at radio.  Let me highlight a few other items in the P&L. Interest expense was $140 million for the third quarter, down dramatically from the third quarter last year. Once again, the special dividend of $5.4 billion we received at the very end of 2005 reduced our bank debt and interest expense when compared to last year.  In addition, interest income was up in the third quarter of '06 to $41 million versus $5 million at this time last year, due to the after-tax proceeds from selling Paramount Parks of approximately $1 billion, plus strong year-to-date cash flow from operations drove our interest income.  Our tax provision for the third quarter was 38.7%, down considerably from 45.5% in last year's third quarter. Approximately 5 percentage points of the drop in the tax rate versus the third quarter '05 had to do with lower state and local tax rates, lower foreign taxes due to tax planning strategies that we have developed, and the balance of the drop in the tax rates are due to the benefits from the resolution of prior-year federal and state tax returns.  Net earnings from continuing operations for the third quarter '06 totaled $324 million or $0.42 a diluted share, up almost 26% over the third quarter of '05 and up 27% on an earnings per share basis. Solid operating income growth plus lower interest expense, lower income taxes, and fewer shares outstanding compared to 2005 third quarter drove the jump in our net earnings and earnings per share.  Turning to cash flow. Free cash flow for the third quarter totaled $432 million, up 65% over last year's third quarter. The big jump in free cash flow for the quarter was driven by higher operating income before depreciation and amortization, and excluding stock-based compensation expense; plus lower interest expense, lower cash taxes due to a federal tax overpayment in 2005, which we were able to apply to offset 2006 cash tax.  Of course, we had strong accounts receivable collections as we continue to focus on increasing our asset turnover. Capital spending was up $11 million to $82 million for the third quarter of '06, primarily due to the higher spending at our outdoor segment, driven by our strategy to expand our inventory in the United States and the United Kingdom.  Let's turn briefly to our segments. The television segment's revenues of $2.2 billion were down slightly from the third quarter of '05. As we mentioned earlier, DVD revenues were down due to the recording of DVD sales net of cost versus gross. While recording DVD revenues net affects sales, there is zero, zero impact on profits. Of course, the shutdown of UPN gave us only partial sales for UPN during the month of September. Both of these items, as I mentioned, combined for a $50 million reduction from year ago.  Our time period sales at the CBS networks were down about $30 million versus last year's third quarter, with over half of that drop in time period sales due to the absence of airing the Primetime Emmys in the third quarter of last year. The balance of the decline was due to softer scatter pricing in July and August versus year ago.  TV station revenues were up 5.3% in the third quarter of '06 versus year ago. While the third quarter has experienced record political ad revenue at our owned and operated stations, as you may recall the third quarter of '05 had very strong political ad spending in our New York market, with last year's mayoral and New Jersey gubernatorial races. Year-to-date, 2006 political ad revenue by our owned and operated stations has smashed all previous records. This strong political ad spending continues into the fourth quarter of 2006. Currently, our TV stations' revenues are pacing up 14% over the fourth quarter of '05.  OIBDA for the television segment in the third quarter was $457 million, up 9% over the same period last year. Revenue growth from TV station Showtime along with better mix of revenue at CBS Paramount and the network, coupled with lower programming costs, drove the strong OIBDA growth of 8.6%. Excluding stock-based compensation expense, OIBDA would have been up 10.4% at the television segment.  Radio revenues for the third quarter were down 6.3% versus year ago. This drop in revenue was caused primarily by the 27 radio stations which had a significant change in their drivetime programming at the start of this year. The remaining 152 stations revenues were down 1.3% versus the third quarter of '05 on a comparable basis. Radio's OIBDA for the third quarter totaled $210 million, down about 10% to a year ago. Excluding stock-based compensation expense, we would have been down about 8% in the quarter versus year ago.  During the third quarter, as Leslie mentioned, we have announced the sale of eight of our markets. As we go forward, we will provide radio revenue and OIBDA growth on a same-station basis to you, in addition to as-reported results. None of the divestitures of the radio stations in the third quarter had any impact on our results. Radio sales overall are pacing minus 2% in the fourth quarter. But if you exclude those 27 radio stations, which had the significant programming changes at the start of the year, the remaining stations for the whole fourth quarter are actually pacing up plus 1%.  Radio stations' fourth-quarter loss will be negatively impacted as we dropped a number of NFL radio contracts. They were the Dallas Cowboys, the Washington Redskins, the Baltimore Ravens. While sales growth will be held down due to the absence in the fourth quarter of these sports revenues, profits will actually be up at these radio stations, as these sports rights contracts were very, very costly.  Turning to outdoor, revenues for the third quarter were $536 million, up 9% over the third quarter last year. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, revenues would have been up about 7%. The U.S. market was up 9%, with U.S. billboards leading the way at plus 13% over a year ago. UK market was up 16% in dollars and up 11% in local currency. The OIBDA for outdoor in the third quarter totaled $142 million, up 20% over the third quarter last year. Again excluding stock-based compensation expense, OIBDA for the third quarter would have been up 21%. Outdoor's sales for the fourth quarter are pacing up 8% over last year's fourth quarter, with the U.S. market up 10% and the UK up 14% in dollars and 9% in local currency.  Corporate G&A for the third quarter totaled $41 million, which was $5 million higher than third quarter last year. However, on a pro forma basis, as if the CBS was a stand-alone company at the start of 2005, and excluding stock-based compensation expense, corporate G&A in the third quarter of '06 would have been $36 million versus last years $40 million or a drop of $5 million dollars in G&A.  As you know, residual costs relate to our divested businesses' pension and OPEB costs. For the third quarter residual costs were $35 million, $5 million higher than last year, due to changes in our pension assumptions, partially offset by favorable trends in lowering our retiree medical costs.  Turning to the full year outlook, we expect to deliver revenue growth in the low single-digits, grow operating income mid single-digits; and grow earnings per share in the high single-digits for 2006 versus 2005.  Finally, turning to our balance sheet, Leslie just mentioned our near-time priorities of utilizing our cash. Let me provide you with additional information. As of September 30 we had about $3.2 billion of cash on our balance sheet. Of this amount, about $900 million of our cash was held internationally. Bringing home our international cash at this point in time would trigger negative tax consequences. We're developing various tax strategies which may enable us to bring some or all of the international cash back to the U.S. with far less costly tax consequences.  Our priorities for the domestic cash is based on driving the highest after-tax return to our shareholders. As Leslie mentioned we have an opportunity to do another discretionary -- and I emphasize discretionary  pre-funding of our qualified pension plan of $150 million to $200 million before the end of this year. As you may recall, in the first quarter of 2006 we pre-funded $50 million to our qualified pension plan. The after-tax internal rate of return on adding funds to the qualified pension plan is north of a 14.5% return. So that is the kind of return we would expect for these kind of opportunistic investments.  We will continue to look for opportunities to drive solid after-tax return and continue to focus on increasing the speed at which our assets turn over, so that we drive higher cash flow growth.  Thank you. Operator, with that we will open the telephone lines to take your questions. 
Operator: Your first question comes from Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch. 
Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Just to go back to the balance sheet, I know you talked a lot about it. But what is your comfort level with leverage? Given the more than $3 billion of cash on the balance sheet, you can fund all three goals that Les went through: the pension liabilities, dividends, and buybacks.  So could you discuss acquisitions, maybe in a little bit more detail? What type of acquisitions, what size? How much of cash, or how much are you willing to leverage up? How much will you spend on development, on midseason, and into the '07/ '08 season? 
Leslie Moonves: Let me deal with a little bit of it, and then I will turn it over to Fred. In terms of acquisitions, Jessica, obviously new media. There are a lot of new media assets that are out there that may potentially fit with the businesses we are currently in; and we are exploring those. But once again there is not going to be any major acquisitions. We're happy with the hand that we are dealt. We do want to expand new media. We're having success in that area with the amount of revenue that is starting to come in there. We want those platforms. You know, as we have said before, we're not going to buy YouTube, but it is not a bad idea to buy the next YouTube. We are looking at that and we're doing a lot of exploration in that area.  In terms of midseason, in terms of what we are doing, the good news for us is 21 out of 22 hours of our schedule is working. We only had to cancel one show, and we're putting a new show in, in a couple of weeks. The rest of our schedule is unbelievably solid. Night after night we are performing extremely well, and I am very happy with how we are performing.  The CBS network, once again, there are very few highs but there are never any lows. So as a result, you can bet on us this year. You can bet on us last year. And you can bet on us next year.  In terms of development costs, once again, we are going to develop like we always do, but there is not going to be any major expenditure nor is there any desperation on the part of this network because as we look forward to next May, there is going to be very little we're going to need. So I am very confident of where we are in the schedule. 
Fred Reynolds: Jessica, our current leverage ratio, using the rating agencies' method, is about 2.3X. So yes, we have capacity. Where we have focused, as you know, is expanding outdoor because that has a pretty high return. We have a lot of opportunities to do tuck-in acquisitions, and that is what where you will continue to see us add acquisitions in addition to on the content side that Leslie just talked about.  I would also emphasize again that we have about $625 million a year that we will spend currently at the dividend rate we have today. That is a huge commitment. I always have to make sure that we have enough fuel in the tank to take us where Leslie and Sumner want us to go. So I like where the balance sheet is today. I think we can return a lot of value to the shareholders. I think we continue to grow these businesses and do the right tuck-in acquisitions and add to our content and outdoor. 
Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank. 
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Thanks. For Leslie, I know this is always a question that is difficult to answer, but you never know, so here goes. You have got, in my mind, the best radio station group pound for pound, given its large market concentration; the best management team in radio running at Clear Channel. Now with private bids for radio assets that are likely to come in much higher than where CBS is trading. You have got the best outdoor plan in the U.S.; and Lamar is out there trading at 16X EBITDA, which if I'm doing the math right is a little bit above where you are trading. Have the recent events in these sectors, radio and outdoor, caused you to rethink at all the strategic rationale of keeping all these different media under one roof? Thank you very much. 
Leslie Moonves: Well, we like all the businesses we're in. I mean, when we did the split from Viacom, we felt that the assets that we have would cause us to be able to focus on these assets. I agree with you, we have world-class assets in television, in radio, in outdoor, and publishing. The great news is right now we are able to focus on all four of them extremely well. So once again, we have trimmed down radio, we are building outdoor and we like where we are. 
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from William Drewry - Credit Suisse. 
William Drewry - Credit Suisse: Thank you. I just wonder if you could give, Les, maybe a little bit more color on the scatter market trends. Just wondering if you think, given how the upfront was a bit weak but the scatter markets broadly seemed to be stronger, if there is a decisive move by advertisers to shift their spending patterns? If you think that is the case, what that might mean for us as we go into 2007? 
Leslie Moonves: It's a very good question. Yes, scatter is stronger than the upfront was. We're pleased with what we were seeing. It is still rather early, we're only a few weeks into the season. But we like what we're seeing. Johnson & Johnson clearly was a major advertiser that stayed out of the upfront market and is now jumping back in, in a rather large way in the scatter market. We like what we are seeing there.  Frankly, we are ready to go either way. The solidarity of our schedule enables us, and we have played this game for five years now. We're not going to sell below the prices we want to get in the upfront. That is not to say we won't deal with the irregularities of what the upfront market is. But having said that, we are always confident that our network is going to perform as we have proven time and time again. So whenever there is a scatter, we are always there in a very, very big way.  So the improvements we are seeing in scatter are proving very beneficial for the year. We are, right now, right on track or beyond where we want to be for the fourth quarter in terms of scatter market and dollars. We are ready to go either way. I don't necessarily see a larger trend in the upfront being reduced and scatter growing. But if that happens, it is fine for us. 
William Drewry - Credit Suisse: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Victor Miller - Bear Stearns. 
Victor Miller - Bear Stearns: Thank you for taking the questions and thanks for all of the comments on the use of cash. First of all, may I ask -- 
Leslie Moonves: Can you talk a little louder, please? 
Victor Miller - Bear Stearns: Sure. Can I ask you to give us what you think the impact will be on two Nielsen changes: one, obviously the commercial ratings which are happening this month; and then apparently the college viewing that they will measure in January? 
Leslie Moonves: Sure, we are viewing both these things as very positive for us. Number one, in the commercial ratings, if you have noticed cable has vehemently opposed this. That is because our studies show that broadcast commercials are watched with a lot more attention than perhaps cable is. So we think the more people are aware of what the ratings are in the commercials on our television shows, the better off we are going to be. We like ratings, we like precise ratings because we feel like our product is very strong and it will continue to be very strong.  In terms of the colleges, when you think about our long-term goal, our long-term deal with the NCA Basketball Tournament and the fact that we have not gotten credit for one single viewer on a college campus all this time, says to us that when they start getting college numbers we are going to be way up. Same for Letterman. We are going to get a lot more dollars out of that marketplace. So the more and more Nielsen grows, the better it is for us, and we are encouraged by both these things. 
Victor Miller - Bear Stearns: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Kathy Styponias - Prudential. 
Kathy Styponias - Prudential: Hi, thanks. Two questions. Les, it sounds like the schedule for CBS has done extremely well. But I was wondering if you can give us a little bit of color of what you have promised in terms of upfront with respect to ratings in general, overall on the schedule? Then the second question was regarding a comment you made about DVR and getting paid for it next year. Could you clarify what you mean by that? Thanks. 
Leslie Moonves: You know, in terms of schedule, we are fine. That is all I want to tell you. We don't tell you what we have sold to the advertisers. But we're not in the make-goods business, put that way. Let me leave it as simple as that, and we're very pleased with that.  In terms of DVR we think it is inevitable that they are going to have to start counting DVR usage as part of ratings. I think everybody in the world, even the advertising community, is acknowledging that. This year they were able to exclude it; but next year there is no way that that is going to happen.  So once again, we think as technology advances, as Nielsen advances, as recordings advances, these strong broadcast networks are going to be even stronger. 
Kathy Styponias - Prudential: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Anthony DiClemente - Lehman Brothers. 
Anthony DiClemente - Lehman Brothers: Two quick questions for Fred. Fred, at year-to-date $1.6 billion of free cash flow, most analysts are looking for $1.4 billion for the full year. So that would imply fourth quarter $200 million free cash flow loss. Is that possible? I understand it is not linear and you have not been in production the first part of the year. But with the production costs in the 4Q, is it possible that it would lead to a $200 million loss?  The second question is, if you would help me quantify in the quarter how much dollars revenue, EBITDA, whatever you can give us on a CSI syndication sales and/or CS Television impact in the quarter. Thanks, Fred. 
Fred Reynolds: Okay, Anthony. As you know, we don't give forward-looking guidance on cash flow. So I won't be specific. But clearly, we tend to have good cash flow in the fourth quarter, particularly this year with so much political coming in, that is cash on delivery. We actually have no receivables. So I am not going to opine about whether people are $1.4 billion or whatever they are going to be, or negative. But that is not our history if you look back over time. You will see that most times the fourth quarter does deliver.  We don't breakout CSI. We got a really good deal, it went to A&E, so we had a really good price on CSI Miami for going to A&E with a number of episodes. So that did help in the third quarter.  However, I would tell you last year in the quarter, we had a lot of library sales. As good as CSI is, library product that is 30 and 40 years old and has like a 95% gross margin. So we did well. But the gross margin on library tends to be much higher. But we are really pleased with the CSI sales to A&E. 
Leslie Moonves: But we love that $2 million from McHale's Navy for those of you old enough to remember that show. 
Anthony DiClemente - Lehman Brothers: Thanks. Any color on the CSTV? Anything you can give us to quantify that in the quarter? 
Fred Reynolds: I'm sorry, I apologize. CSTV continues. We are in about 14 million households on the cable side. They're continuing to do really well with the online business, particularly at the college level with the ecommerce they have there. We're looking for more carriage. We continue to have opportunity to expand carriage. Brian Bedol and the team are in the process of doing that. But we think they have got a great product. The combination with our sports, the NCAA, and CSTV, and also with SportsLine is really why Leslie and the guys all fell in love with this company. CSTV is going to do well for us. 
Anthony DiClemente - Lehman Brothers: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Blackledge  JP Morgan. 
John Blackledge  JP Morgan: Thanks for taking the question. As you talked about in the past, most of your output deals for Showtime are up at the end of '07, I believe. You talked about investing a couple hundred million in feature film production with films going to Showtime in the premium window. We have estimated that return on assets for the major film studios over the past few years averaged about 7% to 8%. What type of returns would CBS be targeting?  Also just wondering where you are at in the process. Have you hired anyone? Have you guys looked at scripts? I know that it is kind of early. 
Leslie Moonves: Fair enough. Right now, the CBS film studio is me. So I have hired no one. By the way, we never stated that we would spend $200 million; let me clarify on that. We talked about that we would start, and our output deals are up in the near future with our three output deals. That does not mean we arent considering some sort of deals with them.  We're still putting together our fact-finding sheet regarding a film company which we want to start in a small way. But I would doubt we would spend the kind of money you are talking about. It is still very, very preliminary. 
John Blackledge  JP Morgan: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Baker - Cathay Financial. 
 Andrew Baker - Cathay Financial : Thank you very much. A question to try to clarify the two explanations of your TV business. Leslie, you keep talking about how strong things are, how viewers are up here and there. Then we hear time sales are down. So I guess the question is, is the industry so weak that even your strong performance has a hard time overcoming that?  Then a second question for Fred. Are there limitations on pre-funding the pension? It seems to me if you can get that kind of return and you've got the cash, you could possibly go even bigger. So I was wondering if you could just flesh that out for us a little bit. 
Leslie Moonves: By the way, time sales are not down. You know, I don't know where that came from. Look, the upfront was not quite as strong as anybody would have liked. We would have liked them to be up 3% or 4% and they werent, by and large. But I think once again, if you look at the ratings overall for network television, it is up. It is solid. CPMs are doing extremely well, and we are very pleased with them. 
Fred Reynolds: Leslie, let me just add. On the time period sales that I referred to was in the third quarter as I mentioned, in July and August, which was the old season. I think that had a lot to do with it, and the fact that you get probably four times the amount per spot on the Emmys as you would on a rerun in July and August. So I think what Leslie is saying is right. As we are going forward, time period sales are up, but in that last quarter of the broadcast year you get a little softness as you have reruns, particularly you are running over Emmys from a year ago.  Andrew, on your comment about pre-funding, yes, there are limits that you can pre-fund by the IRS rules, where you would not get a tax deduction above that. We are well within that limit. I would also say that we have to look at what is the true under-funding. Because I don't look at when interest rates or discount rates are at 0.5% and 0.75% it seems like a little bit low, and so that drives the obligation up. So I think we take an economic view to it and we also take the tax view on it. That is why we are comfortable for the year we will have pre-funded the first $50 million and anywhere from $150 million to another $200 million we think is appropriate at this time. But we will always relook at it. 
 Andrew Baker - Cathay Financial : Thanks a lot, and thanks for clarifying the time sales. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs. 
 Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs : Thank you very much. Given all the debate on the CBS broadcast network, I was wondering if you could clarify for us what the year-over-year growth or decline in September may have been? As we look at season to-date ratings, adults 18 to 49 during primetime are down about 6.9% and adults 25 to 54, using the same measurement a year ago, are down about 4.7%. So it would lead me to believe that September, backing out any other factors, was down on a year-over-year basis. 
Leslie Moonves: Anthony, those numbers are not correct since the season began. 25 to 54 we are flat. 
Fred Reynolds: Anthony, this is Fred. As you know, September has two-and-a-half weeks of reruns. The new season starts the third week of the year. So I am not sure that is a good comparison. 
 Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs : Yes, we are just quoting Nielsen.
Leslie Moonves: Quoting Nielsen but not since the beginning of the season. I have these numbers in front of me, Anthony, I study them daily. We are down a little bit in 18 to 49 and we are flat in 25 to 54. 
 Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs : Okay, so what are the year-over-year sales for CBS broadcast network in September? Are they up or down is the real question I am asking? 
Fred Reynolds: We don't really break that out. 
Leslie Moonves: They are probably down because last September we had the Emmy Awards. 
Fred Reynolds: Again, but I would also say you're not looking at broadcast seasons. You're splitting them. You're looking at the last two-and-a-half weeks of the old season and one-and-a-half weeks of the new season. 
 Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs : Which was the same a year ago, so it's not like the time period has changed on a year-over-year basis. There would have been the same comparison. 
Leslie Moonves: But the counts --. 
 Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs : I understand the point on the Emmys. I guess the second question would be, if you look at your growth rate on a year-to-date basis, adding back the impairment charge in '05 of $19 million, and then backing out the radio sale this year in this quarter, it would look like your fourth quarter would have to grow 12% to 13% in EBIT, based on your definitions, to get to your guidance for EBIT for the full year. Is that something that you're still comfortable with? 
Fred Reynolds: Well, as I said at the outset, that we are comfortable with our guidance on operating income of mid single-digits. I think your numbers are off. What we need to grow in the fourth quarter is not that high. But I would tell you that we are very comfortable. We are now in November 2. We have a lot a good visibility through most of this quarter and we are comfortable with the guidance that we said at the outset and what is in the earnings release. 
 Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs : What would the number have to be then, based on your definition? I want to make sure we know what we are getting wrong. 
Fred Reynolds: I'm not sure I understand your question. What would what have to be? 
 Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs : You said that 12% to 13% is too high for the fourth quarter. I'm using the definitions that you provided in your press release. 
Fred Reynolds: Operating income, it would have to be up in the high single-digits. As you know, operating income excludes stock-based compensation and in the third quarter grew 7.3%. We will be several ticks above that in the fourth quarter on the outlook that we have today on operating income, again excluding stock-based compensation and all the one-times that you reiterated.  So again, I dont understand your math. But I think we laid out pretty well in the back of the earnings release, if you have a chance to look at it. It is on the last two pages. 
 Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs : Right, we will have to talk about it off-line. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Nathanson - Bernstein. 
 Michael Nathanson  Bernstein: Thanks. I have two, they are both for Fred. One is on outdoor. When I looked at outdoor this quarter and I back out the hurricane charges from last year, it looks like outdoor posted very little operating leverage. For the most part of this year you have great leverage in outdoor. So I wondered what happened in the quarter? Was there any cost assisted with the new contract wins? Did some markets show margin declines? Then I have one on TV. 
Fred Reynolds: Okay, so on outdoor, yes, we did have some of the hurricane items from last year. But again I think the issues were more of we are not going to always be able to go up four and five times leverage. But we do believe outdoor will grow. If the revenue grows X, we should be able to get more than 2X in profit growth. I think the third quarter sort of indicates that, or better. But earlier in the year, because we had so many rolling over money-losing contracts from prior years, we were getting an exponential increase in that. But I don't think that is the normal route. Our fixed costs are fairly fixed. A lot of our costs in outdoor are variable as you know. So therefore, I would say for every percentage increase in revenue we ought to get 2X that in operating income. 
 Michael Nathanson  Bernstein: There is no near-term startup costs that would hurt that the next couple quarters in New York or London? 
Fred Reynolds: No. Well, London will have higher fees, but we also have more inventory. So you know, I think, overall, our expectation for the outdoor business is to grow, as I said. If we get revenue growth, we will get more than that, and we will continue to have margin. 
 Michael Nathanson  Bernstein: Okay, then following on TV, following on Anthony's question, I just wanted to just clarify. You said you were down $30 million in the quarter. What would that be on a percentage basis at CBS? If you were down $30 million, was that 2% to 3%? 
Fred Reynolds: Yes, because it was all CBS. We broke out separately the time period sales related to UPN as that separate item that I mentioned. 
 Michael Nathanson  Bernstein: This is the second quarter in a row that the network was down in revenues. I wondered, given how strong you believe the schedule is and how good the market is, should we expect fourth quarter revenues to start turning positive at the CBS line? 
Leslie Moonves: I think there is no question about it. Look, most of the last two quarters involved summer programming. Post-summer programming. Somehow or another we look at the seasons, they begin September 21. We don't combine the first two weeks in September with the last nine days in September. It starts then and we are looking forward to revenue growth in the fourth quarter. 
 Michael Nathanson  Bernstein: At CBS? 
Leslie Moonves: Yes. 
 Michael Nathanson  Bernstein: Thanks.
Operator: Your final question comes from David Miller - Sanders Morris Harris. 
 David Miller - Sanders Morris Harris : Hi, thanks for taking the question. Les, just a brief question on the network television business. Correct me if I am wrong: you guys had four new shows on the air this year; one has been canceled; the other three I don't believe are top five shows as measured by Nielsen. I think the top five new shows are all on ABC or NBC with Heroes. What is your sort of patience quotient with the new shows? Do you believe that is just simply too early? Do you believe that the new shows still just need to find an audience? Or are you quick to cancel these series the way NewsCorp does if they just fall below their ratings guarantee? Thank you very much. 
Leslie Moonves: Well, in 18 to 49 we do have one of the top five new shows in Jericho. In total viewers, we have the number one or number two new show in Shark. I have two shows that I am extremely pleased with. Jericho has improved the time period, Wednesday at 8:00, by about 27%. Now to me that is a pretty good number. In addition, Shark is doing extremely well Thursday night at 10. So those two are absolute keepers. The Class, which is our other new show, is a show 8:30 on Monday that is finding itself; and we are not sure of what the eventual fate is of that show. We canceled Smith after three weeks. So as I said, as far as I'm concerned, I have 21 out of 22 hours working. Maybe 20.5 if you say Class is on the fence.  I feel we are as solid as any other network. There may be a couple more home runs, but in terms of what the world considers, there are two hits of Heroes and Ugly Betty, and right below that is Jericho. So we are very pleased with how we started the new season. 
David Miller - Sanders Morris Harris : Okay, great. Thanks very much. 
Marty Shea: Thank you very much, and we will talk to you all later. 
Operator: That does conclude today's conference call.

===== 2006 Q2  (2006-08-03 13:45:00) =====
Executives:
Analysts: Victor Miller - Bear Stearns  Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch  Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank  Anthony DiClemente - Lehman Brothers  Kathy Styponias - Prudential  John Blackledge - JP Morgan  Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs  Andrew Baker - Cathay Financial  David Miller - Sanders Morris Harris  Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein 
Operator: Welcome to the CBS Corporation second quarter 2006 earnings release teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Marty Shea. Please go ahead, sir.
 Marty Shea: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for our second quarter earnings call. Joining me for today's discussion are Sumner Redstone, our Executive Chairman; Leslie Moonves, our President and CEO; and Fred Reynolds, Executive Vice President and CFO. Sumner will have a few opening remarks and then we will turn the call over to Les and Fred for strategic and financial issues. We will then open the call to questions. Let me note that statements on this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements which involves risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's news releases and security filings.  A summary of CBS Corporation's second quarter 2006 results should have been sent to all of you. If you did not receive the results please contact Punamb Dusai at 212-975-3667 and she will get a copy to you. A webcast of the call, the earnings release and other information related to the presentation can be found on CBS Corporation's corporate website at the address of cbscorporation.com. Now I will turn the call over to Sumner.
Sumner Redstone: Thanks, Marty. Although I am required, actually required to be here in California instead of there in the room with Les and his team, I must assure you that neither the distance nor the early hour of the day diminishes my enthusiasm for CBS Corporation and for Les and his team. In just six short months, Les and his team have shown great progress in fulfilling the long-term promise we envision. Of course to tell you all about it, here is Les.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you, Sumner. Good morning everybody. I'm very pleased to be here to talk about our second quarter results. We now have two quarters under our belt as a stand-alone Company and we are growing our businesses and strengthening our balance sheet every day.  This morning I'm going to share our second quarter results with you and provide highlights on our business operations and then I'll turn it over to Fred Reynolds who will provide a more detailed look at our segment results and free cash flow before we open up the call for your questions. You may remember when we had our first earnings call of the year we said that CBS is a Company on the move. While that description still holds; I'll take it a step further now and say we're a Company in motion. We're doing the things we said we would do. We're delivering on the promises we made to you. In short, we are executing on our strategy. For example, we promised we'd raise the dividend and we have -- twice. On May 25, we announced a 12.5% increase on our quarterly dividend from $0.16 to $0.18 per share. It was the second increase since the start of the Company and a 29% increase since the start of the year. So I think you can see that we are committed to making good on our promises by returning value to shareholders. You can also see that we are very confident in the near future and the many years to come. Now let's take a look at what we did overall in the second quarter. The main headlines were as follows: Net earnings from continuing operations were up 29%; diluted EPS from continuing operations were up 36% to $0.64 per diluted share; and free cash flow of $546.2 million was up 2%; and, we had fantastic growth at CBS Outdoor where operating income was up 32%. During the quarter we were able to resolve prior year tax audits which allowed us to lower our tax provision in the second quarter by approximately $125 million. I'm particularly pleased with our growth in free cash flow, the foundation of future dividend growth.  I'd like to point out that with the exception of radio, which is still not delivering the results we expect, our core operations are firing on all cylinders. Revenues of $3.48 billion were down 1% from the same quarter last year. Though our TV stations were up 5%, the television segment was off 1% overall. Outdoor and publishing both showed growth but we were affected by an 8% drop in revenue at radio. The radio marketplace is tough right now and we face year-to-year operating issues related to the loss of key programming. However, we swiftly made changes in 2006 and are encouraged by the early results. The crucial East Coast morning drive time numbers are trending up. More on that soon when we get into the segments. Operating income before depreciation and amortization decreased 6% to $859 million and operating income was off 7% to $750 million. Both of these declines were largely due to the impact of stock-based compensation expenses as well as $24 million of expenses relating to the shutdown of UPN Television Network. A significant event during the quarter was the sale of Paramount Parks to Cedar Fair for $1.24 billion in cash which amounted to a gain of $292 million. We are extremely pleased with the price we received for this business. Looking at the first half, revenues were up 2% from the same prior year period, diluted EPS from continuing operations was up 24% and free cash flow was up 7%. Overall it was a good first half and we expect to deliver on our business outlook for the full year. Before I turn things over to Fred, I'd like to update you on some of the key events and accomplishments at our Company since our last earnings call and let you know what's going on in each of our businesses.  Starting with television, in May we rounded out the 2005/2006 television season and for the fourth consecutive year, CBS won in viewers and households. Plus for the third consecutive season, the network took the top spot for the 25 to 54 demo, and it was a close race in the 18 to 49 with only fractions of a point separating the top three.  We have six shows returning from last year's freshman class and with only four new shows to promote this fall, all of which are getting great buzz, we're confident we can deliver again starting this September. Of course on September 5, we have the first broadcast of the CBS Evening News with Katy Couric. While you all know that moving network news ratings is a long and gradual process, we believe this represents a major step forward for our entire news organization.  Plus, we recently announced an evening news content will be available cross platform to anyone, anywhere, anytime on TV, the radio, the Internet and wireless. Katy's reports will be sent out via broadcast, podcast and will feature supplementary and sometimes simultaneous reporting and previews on VCast Wireless, CBS Radio News and Katy's own interactive daily blog on cbsnews.com.  We are making the very most of every single opportunity out there to give consumers the content when they want it, how they want it. In the process, we will grow interest and demand for our evening news broadcasts. Meanwhile, our TV station group is also benefiting from the continued success of the CBS Network. TV station revenues were up 5% during the quarter. Everywhere but New York, political spending is exceeding expectations and we anticipate even bigger gains as we move closer to the November elections. Early advertising sales indicate that our CW stations are also quite strong which should lift the station groups even higher. In syndication, King World will debut Rachael Ray beginning in September. This is a highly anticipated daily first-run talk show that's cleared in 97% of the country. Without overselling Rachael Ray, we believe this is a great addition to our stable of syndicated hits which already includes eight of the top 10 syndicated shows on television. Turning to cable. At Showtime, subscribers and subscriber fees are both up and we're very happy with the momentum so far this year. We hope to build on that later this month with the return of Weeds which won five Emmys in its first season and Showtime's new drama, Brotherhood, has been getting a great reception as well. We recently aired the pilot episode on the CBS network to broaden the show's exposure. This is just one example of how Showtime is benefiting from being a part of the CBS family. Showtime intends to be the best and producing the best content is the surest way to get us where we want to be. At CSTV, our college sports cable network, we're teaming up with Comcast to launch the Mountain Sports Network focusing on Mountain West Conference athletics. The Mountain will initially premiere on Comcast systems in Utah, Colorado and Mexico. This is yet another wonderful addition to our portfolio of local sports assets and will make an excellent play on both cable and the Internet. CW, our 50-50 joint venture with Warner Brothers, will begin broadcasting in late September. Distribution for the new network now covers more than 90% of the country and having stations that do exceed what the former WB and UPN ever did on their own. Plus we had a very successful upfront and interest in this new network and its attractive young demos is quite high. Moving onto radio, where we continue to seek an aggressive turnaround. To climb back into the growth position we need to offer the programming that listeners want to here and we're making progress. Several of our new formats are doing terrific. Spanish formats are up over 50% year-to-date and in the second quarter of 2006, Jack FM was up 13% and talk radio was up 9%. Plus, the spring Arbitron ratings released last month showed big gains for our stations in major markets, particularly during morning drive. New York, Philadelphia and Boston improved dramatically. The returning of Opie and Anthony to New York had a huge impact on our listenership in the men 25 to 54 demo. We've jumped from fifteenth to second, or 140% since the show began broadcasting on April 26. Overall this show in most of our markets has done exceedingly well. We're getting the ratings back and we're beginning to monetize them already. At the same time, were looking to sharpen our focus in higher growth markets by getting out of smaller, slower growth areas. On May 23rd, we announced that we're exploring the divestiture of radio stations in ten of our smaller markets. Since then we have received literally dozens of offers that we're in the process of reviewing. The good news is these offers have been very, very attractive. We expect to have an announcement on the sale soon.  Additionally, after the close of the second quarter we announced a headcount reductions of over 100 staff positions at CBS radio. Reducing radio's cost structure is another way we can help maximize the performance of the larger operation and we remain absolutely committed to doing that. Moving to Outdoor, a really incredible story. As I said earlier, operating income was up a remarkable 32% here. We love Outdoor and lately so does everyone else. We all know that reaching consumers is becoming increasingly difficult in today's fragmented media marketplace. So it's not surprising that outdoor advertising is having a renaissance. Experts are predicting Outdoor will become a $10 billion business within the next five years and CBS Outdoor will get a bigger piece of that rapidly expanding pie in North America as well as overseas. In May, we won an eight-and-a-half year contract to sell advertising in the London Underground; the deal is believed to be the largest [out of home] contract anywhere in the world. When it starts later this month, advertisers will be able to use digital technology to target consumers more effectively. We're also looking forward to offering them some great opportunities when the 2010 Olympics are held in London. The impact of improving digital technology in the Outdoor arena will soon be felt here in New York starting next month, a network of 80 high-definition local LCD panels will be installed in the city transit system. Displays will be visible above subway entrances, at street level in high traffic areas across Manhattan. We continue to look for new opportunities to grow this exciting business. In publishing, second quarter revenues were up 1% to $176 million where OIBDA and operating income were up 7% and 5% respectively. Top-selling titles in the quarter include Chill Factor by Sandra Brown and Looking for Peyton Place by Barbara Delinsky. We're looking forward to the fall book-selling season with the 75th anniversary edition of The Joy of Cooking and Stephen King's, Lisey's Story. Finally, let's take a quick look at new media which spreads across all of our operations. We continue to see tremendous proof that big brands are driving new media as they have driven establish media. For that reason we made CSI and Survivor, our best-known franchises, available for downloads on iTunes. Also during the quarter we partnered with Amazon.com to make the archived CBS Evening News material available on 90-minute customized DVDs.  CBS Radio has begun streaming sports content to mobile phones and when we introduced text message voting to Big Brother, the trial effort garnered to 14 million votes. We've also launched two new web sites, Innertube and Showbuzz. Innertube is our new advertiser supported broadband channel offering free original entertainment programming expressly for Internet users. Showbuzz is a one-stop online destination for entertainment news and pop culture. These are brand new offerings and we'll keep you posted on how they shape up. At the same time we're pursuing web strategies in all our local properties including television and radio. These opportunities are very important to advertisers and with our tremendous local broadcasting presence, we have a huge leg up in reaching local customers on the web. Clearly across all of our platforms, both local and national, this will continue to grow significantly in the future. Our content will be everywhere and provide increasing revenues in the new media space across the board. In conclusion, we are on track to deliver on our business outlook for the full year. Our businesses are well-positioned, our team is second to none and we continue to produce lots of cash. We've repeatedly demonstrated that we return value to our shareholders and we intend to continue doing so. Thank you and with that, I will turn it over to Fred.
Fred Reynolds: Thank you, Leslie and good morning. What I'd like to do this morning is provide highlights for the second quarter of 2006 and give you additional information about our second quarter operating performance, cash flow and our full year outlook.  Now as Leslie just mentioned for the second quarter of '06, revenues were almost $3.5 billion, down about nine-tenths of a percent from the second quarter of '05. The primary reasons for the slight decline in revenues were lower ad sales at our radio stations and lower home entertainment or DVD revenues. We will discuss radio results in a few minutes, but first our DVD sales for the second quarter of 2006, which are primarily from our large CBS Paramount Library, are now distributed by a third party. In prior years we distributed our own DVDs. Now at CBS our practice is to record revenues from the sale of our DVDs by third-party distributors, net of their costs and fees. While this accounting treatment had zero impact on profits, it did impact revenues.  Our revenues for the quarter were down $50 million versus a year ago. So if you exclude the effect of the DVD revenues overall, the Company's revenues would have been 1.4% higher and the television segment revenues would have been 2.2 percentage points higher than what has been reported.  Now for the second half of the year, we expect to see the DVD Home Entertainment net sales increase versus a year ago. TV stations Showtime and Outdoor all had solid revenue growth in the second quarter of '06 versus a year ago and revenues at our international businesses led by the United Kingdom, Canada and Mexico were up about 5% over the second quarter of '05. Operating income before depreciation or amortization for the second quarter of '06 was $860 million, down about 6% to a year ago. Operating income also declined to $750 million, a drop of about 7%. Two items in particular I would highlight which mask our underlying profit performance in the second quarter of '06. First, as Leslie mentioned, was the $24 million of costs which we incurred to shut down the UPN Network which we recognized in this quarter. In addition, in the second quarter of '06 we had incremental stock-based compensation of about $13 million higher than last year.  The weak performance from our radio stations versus year ago also pulled down our profit performance. Radio's results suffered in comparison to the second quarter of 2005 not only from lower station revenues but also due to a $15 million gain we recognized in the second quarter of 2005 from the sale of a radio station. No radio station sales have taken place in the second quarter of this year. Now turning to interest expense, it was $141 million for the quarter, $35 million lower than it was last year at this time as our debt outstanding is down considerably due to the $5.4 billion dividend we received at the end of last year in anticipation of the separation of new Viacom. Lower debt at the start of 2006 coupled with strong first half cash flow from operations significantly lowered our borrowings and interest expense versus year ago.  The proceeds from the sale of Paramount Parks of $1.24 billion had no impact on our interest expense in the second quarter as the Parks' proceeds were received on the last day of the quarter on June 30 2006. Interest income is up considerably over 2005 second quarter due to our strong cash generation. Now during the quarter we did retire $50 million of our 2011 6 5/8 debt which resulted in the $2 million loss on early extinguishment that you will see in our P&L. Our tax provision for the second quarter of 2006 of $118 million is down over $120 million from a year ago. The tax provision rate was 19.3% versus last year's second quarter of 39.1%. The significant drop in our tax rate was due largely to the resolution of prior year's federal tax returns. Excluding the benefit of resolving these prior year tax matters, the tax provision rate would have been 40.4% in the second quarter of 2006, up slightly over 2005 due to a higher mix of U.S. taxable income this year which is taxed at a higher rate than our foreign operations. Net earnings from continuing operations totaled $490 million or $0.64 a diluted share. The tax benefit, as you will note, added $0.17 per share to our 2006 EPS. Now if you exclude the tax benefit, the shutdown of the UPN and the stock-based compensation, the earnings per share for the second quarter of 2006 was $0.50 a share versus $0.47 a share in 2005.  The gain on the sale of Paramount Parks nets us $292 million after tax or a pre-tax gain of $455 million which is an additional $0.38 per diluted share, giving us total earnings for the second quarter of '06 of $782 million or $1.02 per share. Free cash flow for the quarter was $546 million up 2% over the second quarter of '05. Strong receivable collections dropped our days sales outstanding across all of our businesses, coupled with lower programming inventory helped to drive our very, very strong cash flow for the second quarter.  As you may have noted, during the second quarter we reduced the number of stock options outstanding by exchanging approximately 7.2 million restricted shares for 64 million stock options that were outstanding. The restricted shares vest pro rata over three years. We believe the exchange significantly reduced the stock option overhang that CBS Corporation had at the start of the year. Now let's turn briefly to our segments. Leslie discussed the performance of each of our segments but let me add a couple of other highlights. As Leslie noted, television segment revenues were down 1% versus '05 as our growth at TV stations were plus 5%, Showtime plus 8% and CST added to our growth but it was offset largely by the drop in the DVD revenues that I just discussed.  OIBDA for the television segment of $535 million was down 2% to the second quarter of '05 but again if you exclude stock-based compensation expense, the incremental amount, and the $24 million of the UPN shutdown costs, the second quarter 2006 OIBDA for television segment would have been up 3% over a year ago. Turning to radio. Radio's revenues for the quarter were down 8%. Now the 152 stations which did not suffer from the program changes were down about 3% versus a year ago. In the second quarter of this year, inventory avails at our radio stations were down 2% from a year ago, as we selectively reduced the number of commercials.  I would also add on the process of selling the 10 markets not only have the quantity and quality of the buyers have been impressive but the indicative values look very strong and hopefully again, as Leslie mentioned, we expect to conclude the sales process in the next several weeks. Turning to outdoor, revenues were up 7%, with the U.S. up 7.4%; Mexico up 15.3%; and Canada in local currency up 5%; and in dollar terms, Canada was up 17% as the Canadian dollar strengthened against the U.S. The UK was up 7.4% both in local currency and in dollars.  Outdoor's operating profit before depreciation and amortization of $160 million was up 19% over last year's second quarter and operating income was up 32% to $108 million. As you will note, corporate expenses were roughly $40 million for the second quarter, and are up over last year's $27 million expense. Now the second quarter of '05 number is an as reported amount which does not reflect CBS as a stand-alone company. So on a pro forma basis, as if CBS was freestanding as of January 1, 2005, corporate expenses in the second quarter of '06 would be up about $5 million higher than a year ago.  The increase relates primarily to transition costs which we expect will ease in the second half of 2006 and costs associated with the voluntary exchange program that I just mentioned to bring in the options that were outstanding. Year-to-date on a pro forma basis, corporate expenses were also up about the same $5 million over last year's 2005 year-to-date. Residual costs, which consist of pension and retiring medical expenses of our divested businesses from the past, was $35 million for the second quarter of '06, up about $5 million from the second quarter of '05. Costs are largely due to pension assumption changes, offset somewhat by lower retiree medical costs. As you will note in our earnings release, we have highlighted our stock-based compensation expense in total and by segment. We expect our full year stock-based compensation expense to total approximately $80 million for 2006.  So as Leslie mentioned, turning to our full year outlook, we are on track to deliver low single-digit revenue growth and mid single-digit operating income and earnings per share growth. Now finally as you will note from our balance sheet, we have accumulated over $3 billion of cash as of the end of June. A little over $1 billion of this cash amount relates to proceeds we received from the sale of Paramount Parks net of the expected income taxes on the gain. As we have indicated previously, we would certainly consider returning the excess proceeds from the sale of the Parks business to shareholders if we could not invest that cash in a disciplined manner. As you may know, we constantly review numerous investment opportunities to redeploy our strong cash flow and we will continue to pursue looking at investment opportunities that may arise. However, I think we can all assure you that we would have to be very confident that any investment would result in accelerating our revenue, earnings and cash flow growth and also provide a strong return to our shareholders.  The hurdle any investment would have to achieve is that it would need to be superior -- superior -- to returning capital to shareholders. The timing on our decision is also dependent on what is the best way to return excess cash to shareholders. That is either in the form of increased dividends which has been the path that we have followed so far, or a share buyback program, or a combination. In addition and related to the timing of our decision, some of the offers we have received to buy the radio stations we are selling involve acquisition structures which could be very, very tax efficient for CBS. We have not come to any conclusions on whether these offers optimize our overall value. However, should we elect such an acquisition structure that would be tax efficient for us, it would curtail our ability to buy back shares while the sale transaction was underway. We know you are keenly, keenly interested in this matter and we hope to have much more clarity on the matter in the very near future. So thank you very much for taking the time to listen to our second quarter. Now, operator, if you would, we could open the lines for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Victor Miller - Bear Stearns.
 Victor Miller - Bear Stearns: Good morning, thank you for taking the question. First of all, Fred, what you just talked about on returning capital, there's a certain expectation. You've probably seen it written in several analyst notes, articles, that there's a $1 billion plus expected return on capital. Maybe you can talk about what is your dimension is in terms of potential acquisitions relative to that dollar? Also, the reality is that your net debt now is below $4 billion, which is extremely ahead of what anybody had expected here. Even if you ended today you'd be at 1.2 times leverage. So regardless of whether you did something with that cash other than returning that $1 billion from the Parks to the shareholders, wouldn't the balance sheet allow a very substantial repurchase/special dividend/tender regardless? For Les and Fred, I don't know if you can answer this right now, but on the radio side obviously you've made some cuts. Obviously you've decided not to renew the Redskins, the Ravens and the Cowboys. We've got the NFL season coming on right now, it's obviously a lot of revenue generated from those three teams. Can you talk about what impact those two events may have on the revenue and the expense of the radio group in the second half? Thanks.
Fred Reynolds: Victor, wow, that was like three paragraphs, but thank you. I think certainly we understand the focus on the cash. One, we're very pleased to be in this position to have the cash. I think Leslie has been very clear that we would not do any acquisitions that wouldn't be very, very good returns to us. We've said in the past we want to focus on content acquisitions that makes sense.  We have a lot of outdoor small tuck-in acquisitions which wouldn't use anywhere near the kind of cash we're talking about. I would say we're probably more in the CSTV kind of level. But there has been, as you know and has been well reported, about opportunities that come along all the time. But I would say to you that Leslie, myself and the team are very, very disciplined in our approach. We don't chase after acquisitions. There's nothing we need to have. But clearly we would like to keep growing the businesses and have a higher growth rate.  So again, we can talk about that more as we unfold. We are clearly focused on trying to do the best amount we can on the sale of those radio stations and get the best amount of value to shareholders and some of the structures would allow that. Yes, our debt is low and you will not hear us talk about debt pay down as a priority for our free cash flow. Our free cash flow priorities will be, if they make sense, and they could truly be a great return -- better than just giving the return of capital to our shareholders  then acquisitions would be a priority. Returning capital to shareholders is the other priority. There really aren't other priorities that I would speak of. I'll answer the question on radio and then turn it over to Leslie for your other questions about the direction. Clearly our revenue is suffering. We don't have some of the baseball teams we had last year and also radio doesn't have the Redskins, as you mentioned. So costs will be down but so will revenue be down. As we focused mostly on the revenue growth that is a dampener more so in the third and fourth quarter than so far to date.
Leslie Moonves: Victor, I just want to say, those are indicative of obviously we're paying a lot of attention to the radio business. We're being very careful about every single deal we make in terms of talent, in terms of all those renewals of the football deals that you referred to. Every deal we make will be studied at great length.  In terms of specifics how much that will change the equation, we don't know but we're treading with great caution. I think we're going to be able to make a significant difference as we did with the 100-person layoff as well as the ending of some of these bad contracts.
 Victor Miller - Bear Stearns: Thank you, Les. Thank you, Fred.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Hi, two questions. This is sort of acquisition-related, one of them. Given the anemic upfront market for both broadcasting and cable, money is obviously going elsewhere; the Internet, product placement. What is your plan to recapture this money? Do you need to acquire some property, some web-based property or something else or will you go purely the organic route? Secondly, can you flush out your film strategy? Is the plan to make theatrical films, made for TV movies, how will you finance that?
Leslie Moonves: First of all, Jessica, I might disagree with you on the anemic upfront. We didn't view it as anemic. I think three of the four networks did very well -- or should I say, four of the five networks did very well. CW did well, CBS obviously, we had low CPM increases. Our volume was up and we were actually quite encouraged by it.  When you look at how much money is shifting to the Internet obviously we're there. We've made a number of deals across the board. Along with our network deals and our syndication deals, there were web properties that got a piece of the upfront. Having said that, the percentage of that was rather small. We did make some cross-platforming deals with a lot of our new shows and a lot of the Internet is there as part of it, but the amount of money is rather small and frankly we were not disappointed with the upfront. The CW did extremely well at the upfront as well, taking in more money than either one of the other two networks and increased from where the WB was, and we view that as a very significant event. We were, at the end of the day, pleased with the upfront. In terms of our film strategy, let me clarify because a lot has been written about it. We have a very valuable asset called Showtime which right now pays hundreds of millions of dollars to three studios for film output deals. These deals end in 18 months. When you look at that as a basis and then you add in the television network and you add in DVDs and you add in international television, we look at being able to get into the film business, and I'm talking about in a rather small way with four to six movies per year and movies that range from $10 million to $40 million to $50 million tops. We have figured out a way where we can get into the movie business literally risk-free. I'm talking about zero risk. Whereby our piece of the movie, we will be out before a dollar is achieved in box office. So it's an interesting way to look at the film business and one as we head toward the future, we have always said content is a very, very important thing to us. So if we do six movies a year and a couple of them are hits, we guarantee we will make money. Then at the end of five years if you have a library of 30 to 40 pictures, that is also going to be worth quite a bit of money and can be used in a lot of different ways.  So we look at it as a positive. But once again, let me assure you, we're not going to get into it in a big way. We're not going to have a large studio overhead. We're going to do it in a very cautious manner. In terms of movies of the week, we are not doing them for the network obviously. We have some output deals with some foreign companies so we are producing some with CBS Paramount and they are mostly for cable.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Thank you very much. Les, given your long list of digital initiatives on this call, can you just give us a sense of the amount of digital revenue you expect for full year '06 and what you might see in '07? Maybe as an alternative, what percentage of revenue in each of those two years you think all these initiatives might add up to? Fred, I'm curious based on your DVD commentary, what was the DVD revenue year-to-year change when looking at net this year and net last year in 2Q and maybe year-to-date? Do the new terms of the London Underground contract deliver lower EBITDA at the beginning of the contract that then you earn out in the later years? Thanks.
Leslie Moonves: Doug, I'm going to be evasive. All I can tell you is the revenue from the new media stuff is growing a great deal. It's going to grow more than 100% in '06 from '05. We expect that kind of growth even more significant in '07. In terms of giving a specific number, it is very hard because these initiatives are coming in every single day. It will be in the hundreds of millions of dollars though. Sports Line clearly is our number one area for that and that is growing in leaps and bounds and so there is a lot that is out there, rather difficult to quantify right now but it is all very exciting.
Fred Reynolds: Doug, this is Fred. On the DVD, if I understand your question, year-to-date last year we had about $100 million more in DVDs revenues than we have this year. So if you're looking at our year-to-date revenue numbers, last year was benefited. Again I went to emphasize zero, zero impact on profits. It's just a matter of gross versus net. The profits are the same, our gross margin whatever you want to call it, but the fact that we don't record it gross but we record it net is the only difference. But last year benefited. So if you are looking at the health of our revenue growth, last year had $100 million because we self distributed versus third party this year.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: So net to net is flat then?
Fred Reynolds: Pretty much, yes. It is down slightly but it's not significant and we expect to make that up in the second half of the year. The profits should be stronger in the second half or gross margins stronger in the second half on DVD sales than last year. The change in OIBDA is negligible year-to-year. On the London Underground, we do start off with a lower margin than we end it with a caveat; we also have more inventory. So if you just looked at the same inventory or same boards year-to-year, we'd probably have a lower margin. We have more inventory that we're going to be granted. So if we can make more revenue off of that our margins should be equal to. But we are not saying that's in the cards yet. Certainly we have more inventory and it's for us to get more value for.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony DiClemente - Lehman Brothers.
Anthony DiClemente - Lehman Brothers: Hi, thanks for taking the questions. I have two quick questions for Fred. For the leverage ratio, if you layer in your pension liabilities, isn't the leverage ratio as of the end of the 2Q closer to 2.0 times? Do you have a target long-term leverage ratio that you can share with us? Second question is if I look at your recurring free cash flow through the first half, that's excluding the one-time tax benefit, you're at about an even $1 billion and we're only halfway through the year. Most of the analysts are looking for $1.3 billion of free cash for the full year. So that would imply a dramatic use of working capital in the second half. Does that sound plausible or are all of our free cash flow numbers just too low? Thanks.
Fred Reynolds: Okay, thanks, Anthony. On the leverage ratio, I think the way we look at it is the way the rating agencies do. So they tax affect our non-interest-bearing obligations which would be pension and retiree medical and so they tax affect that because on the balance sheet it is pre-tax. So it would be around a 2.  As you know, I look at our dividend as a fixed cost or a fixed commitment. So I sort of layer that in. But let me be clear, we are very, very comfortable with our leverage ratio. Again, I think we would certainly be comfortable in the 2.5 range if it was used to acquire something that would grow our businesses faster. As I mentioned at the outset, we see paying down debt as not a priority because we think our debt is terrific where it is. On free cash flow, as you know, the first half of the year in our businesses is where we do produce a lot of free cash flow, the first and second quarters. Because largely we're not in production out in Hollywood. Starting this month or the end of this month, we start really upping production for all the fall series and we have the NFL contracts and NCAA contracts.  It has never been and it won't be linear this year, that each quarter you can multiply by four. So we are on the same cycle we always are. Cash flow will not be as strong in the third quarter which it typically isn't as it is in the first half. We don't forecast the full year free cash flow for you but obviously we are very pleased where we are and the businesses throw off a lot of cash.
Anthony DiClemente - Lehman Brothers: Okay, thank you Fred.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kathy Styponias - Prudential.
Kathy Styponias - Prudential: Thanks. A couple of questions for you, Les. With respect to Showtime and your movie strategy, to the extent that you mentioned that some of your output deals are coming up for renewal in 18 months, to what degree is the movie strategy looking to replace some of the content that you might lose? Would making five to six movies on your own be enough to kind of continue to sustain Showtime because I imagine the deals that are coming up for expiration provide you with a lot more movies than that? If you're going to make it up on original programming, aren't Showtime's costs going to up? The second question is, could you discuss the programming costs for the CBS Network in light of the fact that you only have four shows to promote in the fall? What kind of growth rates should we expect at the network level for the 06/07 season? Thanks.
Leslie Moonves: Regarding Showtime, you are absolutely right, six movies will not be enough. That is not to say that we're going to preclude from doing other deals. I think right now the cable networks have an advantage in that they don't have to do the large output deals that they have done in the past whereby you have to buy every single movie from the studio. So there is lots of cash that is paid to the studios for these output deals. Obviously we will be making some deals in the future. But if we think the deals will be more advantageous from Showtime than they have in the past, we still plan on doing that. In terms of original programming, right now we do intend to increase production somewhat. Probably the balance will change somewhat from renting movies from the studios and doing more original programming that we do in fact own, or in fact, license from other people. But that should not change the balance of the cost for Showtime.  As a matter affect, we think it will be reduced, the cost of Showtime in the future. We think once again their profits should be going up in future years and we like how that looks. It also does give us the advantage of owning some of these movies as opposed to renting from other studios. In terms of programming costs at CBS by and large they were up rather small amounts. We have always been rather smart. Number one, we own most of the programming on our network so we've been able to control the costs that have been there. So it's impossible to predict what the growth rate will be if the network. I think we are keeping with a guidance that we've had for the year. But we've had great discipline and we've been very successful in negotiating appropriate contracts on all our programming, so that continue in the future with rather minimal growth to programming costs.
Kathy Styponias - Prudential: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Blackledge  JP Morgan.
John Blackledge - JP Morgan: Thanks for taking the question. A couple of things on outdoor. If you look at the Company, outdoor should be the highest growth segment within the Company over the next several years. When you look at it, CapEx of sales of CBS Outdoor versus some of its peers CapEx sales about 4% for CBS Outdoor versus CTO at about 7%, the margin around 11% to 12%.  In order to sustain a certain level of growth over time, do you need to ramp up investment at CBS Outdoor? Then if you could just outline your current digital strategy? Thank you.
Leslie Moonves: Fred, why don't you talk outdoor and I'll talk about digital.
Fred Reynolds: On outdoor, yes, I think it should be one of our fastest growing. I'm not sure we would see it be the fastest but I think it will be one of the fastest-growing. I think on capital you have to look at where our businesses are different. We are keen on expanding the digital platforms that we have in outdoor. We think it is a truly one of the great technological revolutions there. So we are keen on investing in it, but we're going to invest smart. We want to get a good return on it. Because we are largely a billboard business, we tend to have lower capital spending than some others that have a different mix. We don't have the street furniture business. As we got out of some of the transit contracts which had a heavier capital spend commitment as part of the contract, that is lower.  But Leslie is certainly not shy about having the outdoor guys accelerate their growth. We do lots of acquisitions. They are not big. They are $2 million to $10 million, sometimes $20 million. We buy lots of boards. We want to keep buying boards particularly in North America, the United States, Canada, Mexico. But we would love to press the accelerator faster on outdoor, but it has to be a good return.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, I'm assuming you meant digital strategy regarding outdoor. As a Fred said, we're picking our spots. Obviously we're increasing our digital position in cities like New York, San Francisco, Chicago. London is fairly significant but once again, we're weighing the costs of this versus what our return is. Once again, the cost of the digital boards is coming down significantly. Dealing with volume and we view it like plasma televisions where they used to cost $10,000 apiece and now they are $899. So I think that's going to be part of our strategy and costs will be down and hopefully revenues will be up significantly.
John Blackledge - JP Morgan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs.
Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much. Fred and Les, I was wondering if you could comment on second half growth. You had mentioned you still feel comfortable with operating income growth excluding stock-based comp of mid single digits. Looking at the growth in the first half of the year and backing out Parks a year ago, it looks like it was down 2% year-to-year -- correct me if I am wrong -- which should imply you would need high single-digit to low double-digit growth in the back half of the year. Is that true? If so, could you give us a more detail on how you think you get there given the trends we've seen so far? Could you also comment on TV advertising excluding CSTV? Thanks.
Fred Reynolds: Anthony, this is Fred. Let me start off. As we look at the way we have said the growth would be over '05 stripping out non-cash, non comparable items or other non-comparable items, we're probably about flat. We're not down 2% at the halfway mark here. As you know, our third and fourth quarters are a lot stronger particularly this year, with it being a political year we will have more strength. So we are confident that we will get to a guidance of mid single-digit operating income and EPS growth. Clearly we weren't going to take credit for the tax benefit we had in that and we noted that we excluded that also. At the halfway point right now, if you take out the stock-based compensation and the write down at UPN, we are about flat to where we were last year. We should be able to deliver. again barring some catastrophic situation in the economy, we should be able to be there.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, and regarding TV advertising. I just want to reiterate what Fred just said. We are going to be there, we are fairly confident that our numbers for the year, our guidance for the year is right on target and we are confident that we are going to hit that.  In terms of television advertising, there's a myth out there that the upfront was down. You have to remember we went from a universe of six networks to five networks. So if you exclude some of the money that was taken in by that last network, basically the numbers appear to be flat for the upfront. We're seeing also in syndication the upfront is up low single-digits but we're very pleased with the return and once again, having such great syndicated product, we're encouraged by the upfront for the syndicated shows. It was a soft second quarter in scatter. Political as I said in my earlier remarks is going to exceed budget with the exception of New York and it is heating up. We are looking forward at the station level to hitting our numbers if not exceeding them in the second half of the year.
Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs: Fred, could you give us a growth rate number for the second quarter for television without CSTV?
Fred Reynolds: On revenues?
Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs: Yes.
Fred Reynolds: Again, I think revenues would have been about flat for television segments. It is down about 2% if you take out that DVDs. If you leave the DVDs in, we're going to be fairly down. But if you take out the non-comparable, the television segment was about flat if you take out CSTV and the DVD accounting change.
Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Fred Reynolds: Anthony, if you have our earnings release -- I don't know if you have the same page numbers -- you'll see were where we reconciled, page 17 shows you how '06 year-to-date is versus last year's '05 year-to-date. They are within $400,000 to $600,000 of each other year-to-date. So we are about flat. 
Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Baker - Cathay Financial.
Andrew Baker - Cathay Financial: Thank you very much. When you went through the numbers on TV, I didn't hear you go through CBS Network. I was wondering if you can tell us how the CBS Network did in Q2? And then any indication you can give how scatter pricing is doing in Q3? Thank you.
Fred Reynolds: Okay, on revenue if you look at the time period sales, we were down a little bit in time period sales second quarter of '06 versus second quarter of '05 we were down about 1.5% in revenue. About three-quarters of that was because we had some very significant finales at the end of the '05, May '05 with the Raymond finale which was being priced at an ungodly amount. We also had the JAG and the Amy finales which were smaller along with the big Survivor finale. So about three-quarters of the drop we just had a significant ending of a nine-year run of Raymond and we got a lot of money for it. The other part of it was the scatter market was softer than we would have liked in the second quarter. I think certainly Leslie has said that and we've communicated that. I don't always want to say why things are up or down because probably next May we will have huge finales. But that is one reason why, or the major reason why we were down.
Leslie Moonves: The good news is you know on that, yes, we didn't have the major finales, but the good news is we didn't lose any major shows this year. We go into next year with a fairly pat hand with only four new shows and that bodes very well for the stability of the CBS network as we go forward.
 Marty Shea: We will have time for one more question.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Miller - Sanders Morris Harris.
David Miller - Sanders Morris Harris: Marty, you stumped me. All of my questions have been answered. So you guys can move on and take one more question. Thanks very much for taking the question though.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you, David.
Operator: Our final question comes from Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, thanks. I have one for Fred and then one for Les. Fred, in the past, you talked about what the revenue growth was in the Howard Stern stations. Can you tell us what that was? Was there any inventory cuts out of those stations? For Les, as a firm we try not to focus too much on the upfront, but as you say, there was low pricing this upfront as people drove volume. So historically CPM pricing has been up in the upfront, it's been strong. So why do you think low pricing occurred this year? Is this beginning of a new trend going forward?
Leslie Moonves: I will go first with the upfront question. Number one, you took out, Johnson & Johnson didn't participate in the upfront this year which was rather unusual. It was have a different strategy where they are going to buy in August and September. If there is any softening in volume, and we didn't have it by the way, that only bodes well we think for scatter pricing.  As I said, our volume was up. We were able to take a significant amount of money from other networks and where different advertisers may be looking at the upfront in different ways than they had before. Once again, for the networks that are doing well, the upfront is not necessarily the best way of doing things. It is the system that we have now and we're playing by those rules. But by and large with the exception of possibly second quarter this year, scatter pricing for us has been significantly up.  So we don't mind a game change and we think we're going to take a significant part of the J&J money although it may come in somewhat later.
Fred Reynolds: Michael, this is Fred. On the question on the 27 stations that had the programming change. Clearly they are down significantly, as we said, for the full year, we thought they would probably be down about $50 million and you can sort of say each quarter is going to be some percentage of that. So, yes, they are pacing down significantly.  The good news is, as Leslie said before, we're starting to get some traction with the Opie and Anthony show here in New York. We're seeing that as we look out to the third quarter which we only have really good visibility out through September, it's starting to pick up pace nicely each week. It is still down, but we are encouraged that it's going to come back. All it takes is a New York and a couple of markets and we should start turning that around.  But it is down we said about $50 million for the year, on these 27 stations. So each quarter it would probably be down somewhere pro rata of that $50 million.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, thanks.
 Marty Shea: Thank you very, very much everyone and we will continue to be around for your further questions during the day.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2006 Q1  (2006-04-26 16:00:00) =====
Executives: Marty Shea, Executive VP, Investor Relations   Sumner Redstone, Executive Chairman   Les Moonves, President and CEO   Fred Reynolds, Executive VP and CFO
Analysts: Victor Miller, Bear Stearns   Jessica Reif Cohen, Merrill Lynch   Kathy Styponias, Prudential Securities   Doug Mitchelson, Deutsche Bank   John Blackledge, JP Morgan   Michael Nathanson, Sanford Bernstein   Andy Baker, Cathay Financial   Anthony DeClemente. Lehman Brothers   Alan Gould, Blythe Schroeder
Operator: Good day everybody and welcome to the CBS Q1 2006 Earnings Conference call. Todays call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions I would like to turn the call over to Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Marty Shea, please go ahead sir.
Marty Shea, Executive VP, Investor Relations: Good morning everyone and thank you for taking time to join us for our first quarter 2006 earnings call. Joining me for todays discussion are Sumner Redstone, our Executive Chairman, Leslie Moonves, President and CEO and Fred Reynolds, our Executive VP and CFO. Sumner will have some opening remarks and then turn the call over to Les and Fred for strategic and financial issues. We will then open up the call to questions. Let me note that statements on this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are considered forward looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporations news releases and securities filings. A summary of CBS Corporations first quarter results should have been sent to al of you. If you did not receive these results, please contact Punam Desai at 975-3557 and she will get it to you. A webcast of the call, the earning release and other information related to the presentation can be found on CBS Operations corporate website at the address cbscorporation.com. Now Ill turn the call over to Sumner.
Sumner Redstone, Executive Chairman : Thanks Marty. Good morning everyone; thank you for joining us. I couldnt be happier with CBSs performance since it became a stand alone company. As you see the results today, this is a company on the move. Its clear that Les and his team are determined to grow, are demonstrating the ability to grow revenue, to grow profit and indeed to increase value per shareholders. The new CBS is completely focused on this strategy.to maximize the strong prospects of our existing businesses while using world class content to fuel new media platforms. From its leading broadcast networks to its television production factories to its powerful TV and radio stations, CBS Corporation is leveraging its reach of popularity to capture new opportunities across the board. With a host of strategic moves already underway and our debut in 2006 with very solid first quarter results, we see excellent momentum moving toward the long term goals that we have set. The fact is we are off to a terrific start and I am truly excited about what the future holds for CBS and with that, Ill pass it over to Les.
Les Moonves, President and CEO: Thank you very much. Good morning everyone. It is a pleasure to be here to talk about a very good quarter. As you know, this is our first full quarter of results as the new CBS Corporation. Im pleased to report that our fundamental growth pattern is working; we are absolutely achieving the results we expected from our core businesses. From revenues to operating income to earnings per share to free cash flow, we are well positioned for long-term stable growth. The headlines are as follows: Revenues were up 4% to $3.6 billion compared with the first quarter of 2005. Free cash flow was up a very strong 12% to $585 million, strong double digit free cash flow growth off of mid- single digit revenue growth is something were particularly pleased with. And on a pro forma basis, diluted earnings per share came in at $.30, up 11%. As you see from these results, our core business is producing the kind of performance we expect and demand. In a few minutes, Fred Reynolds, our CFO will discuss our results in greater detail. But first I want to walk you through each of our operating units and also briefly highlight how they are using the new media opportunities to make more money off of the things they are already doing. So first lets start with our largest segment, television. We remain the number 1 most watched television network. The top network in advertising billings, according to broadcasting and cable; and our prime time lineup was number 1 for the fourth consecutive year. Plus, weve just announced large scale renewals and have successfully launched both of our mid-season hits  Old Christine and the Unit. With the breadth and depth of our hit dramas, comedies and reality shows, we have unparalleled strength across the board with successful shows every night of the week. And our hit shows are also quite young in their lifecycles. In fact, we expect with strong development this year that the CBS Television Network will extend its lead. Plus, our revenue growth for the first quarter was achieved in spite of the tough competition from the Olympics. While many of the other networks aired original programming, we saved most of our new episodes to air in the second quarter to maximize our audience and optimize revenues. And since our last earnings call in February, we took a major step forward in our news division. As Im sure all of you know Katie Couric will become the anchor and Managing Editor of the Evening News and our newest contributor to 60 Minutes. Katies arrival is just further proof that CBS is the place to be for the most talented professionals out there. And, I am extremely proud to welcome her to our News Division and our Company. With Katie on board we see significant upsides to the evening news, where a single ratings point translates into tens of millions of dollars for us. Katies switch also changes the entire landscape of the morning news. This is a move that will boost the overall performance and profitability of the news division across the board. As always, the first quarter was a big one to CBS Sports, with the NCAA Tournament and, as Ill tell you in a moment, this year we added an on-line component to that valuable asset that broke records. Also in the television segment, we had significant revenue growth in syndication; mostly from the second cycle sales of Frasier at CBS Paramount Television, in pay cable from higher fees and increasing subscribers at Showtime, and in the television stations group which also had a terrific quarter. As weve said before, success in local television tends to trail success with the network. Our very profitable stations are starting to pull ahead and theyll benefit from a great deal of political advertising later in the year with a number of key competitive races about to unfold throughout the Country. Radio, turning to radio. Our toughest story. Were clearly not yet achieving the level of growth we look for, but these are extremely valuable assets which we believe will again become a significant contributor to our growth profile very soon. Were already on our way with changes in programming and we continue to strategically invest in that programming and were pleased with the early signs. For instance, the new Jacked and Spanish formats have shown success in many major markets and this weeks return of Opie and Anthony is a good example of the flexibility of the radio business. We made a quick mid course change and brought in proven talent who we believe should greatly improve the revenue and profit performance of our nations largest east coast markets. These guys were number 1 in their day part when they were last on our air in 2002, and we look forward to the new excitement they will bring to the morning beginning with their first broadcast with us, which happened today. We are also looking at seriously adjusting our portfolio. Were in more than 40 markets and will continue to focus on those that are large and fast growing. Where these criteria arent met, we will consider selling some stations if it makes sense. The process has begun and is on going. Were encouraged by the very strong exit values that radio stations have realized recently. Turning around radio and making it the revenue and profit contributor that it can be, is one of our top priorities. In Outdoor we have a really terrific story. OIBDA surged 43%, and operating income, nearly tripled. The stellar performance was due largely from double digit top line growth in North America and to our decision to exit low margin transit contracts toward the end of the year. And the Hispanic market has also been booming for us. Weve been growing this key demographic at a pace of 100% per year for the past three years in the US. We continue to lock in attractive deals such as the New York City subway contract. Plus we are evaluating several tuck-in acquisition opportunities in the US, Europe, China and in Mexico. And as weve said, digital technology offers great potential for what is already our fastest growing segment. Digital technology brings lower operating costs at significant upside to advertising revenue. We expect to see a great deal more from this business in the future. Last but not least, our Parks and Publishing Division had a great quarter. Parks is off to an excellent start with strong attendance this year. As you know, we plan to sell the Parks business and you can expect an announcement on that in the second half of 2006. Our Publishing segment also did very well in the strength of first quarter titles including, Two Little Girls in Blue by Mary Higgins Clarke, and Cell by Stephen King. Simon & Schuster is extremely active in the growing business of downloading its content and we believe that here as elsewhere in our company digital distribution holds great promise for all of our divisions. This brings us to the new media announcements we made over the quarter that highlight our strategy of getting new revenue streams from already existing content. For instance, this was our 25th year broadcasting the NCAA Mens Basketball Tournament. And, this spring we offered internet streaming of out-of-market-games. With over 19 million screens served, it was the biggest live sporting event in the history of the internet. Ratings for the simultaneous broadcast games werent affected; so, all of the web hits were incremental as was the revenue produced. That business is clearly on the rise. The revenue was considerable and we will clearly increase greatly every year for the future years of the tournament. Weve also made advances in our effort to get paid for our programming by content distributors. Last month we announced a pure retransmission consent agreement with Verizon. With each subscriber that Verizons fiber optic TV ads, CBS will directly benefit. The days of retransmission consent for broadcast networks are here. And last month we announced a partnership with Yahoo to bring 60 Minutes video content and robust news packages to Yahoos media properties. Downloads of our shows, our entertainment shows from numerous platforms including, Google, iTunes, Comcast on demand and our own CBS.com continue to grow. We look forward to what the future holds. With every new distribution outlet comes a new way to generate revenues. Also the Verizon V Cast deal which lets V Cast subscribers view CBS content on their cell phones will bring in some $3 million in incremental revenue through subscription dollars this year alone. $3 million, thats genuine growth in what will be a real business for us going forward. And it all goes directly to the bottom line. I think you can see that our ability to monetize content in new ways is rapidly increasing and there will be many, many more of these opportunities for us in the future. In conclusion, its been a terrific start for us these past few months. This is just the first quarter of our new company and were right on track. Looking forward, Im confident with the guidance we have given in our business outlook for the full year. We continue to produce lots of cash. We believe there are no better businesses we can invest in today than our own. We investing in our businesses and returning capital to our shareholders are the best uses of our free cash flow going forward. Plus our strong balance sheet and the upcoming sale of our Parks Division will give the opportunity to review a possible dividend increase and other ways to return capital to shareholders in 2006 and beyond. In three months of our new company weve delivered on all of our major promises to our investors. We said wed raise the dividend and we did. We said wed get paid for retransmission of our content, and we are, with more to come in the future. We said wed stay on top at our TV network and we are. We said wed get paid in many different ways on new platforms and we did. We said we would grow revenues and we did that too. When we say were going to do something, we do it. You can count on us to keep our commitment to be the best at all of our businesses and to translate our success into shareholder value over the long term. Its been a terrific quarter, were very proud of that and with that I will now turn it over to our CFO, Fred Reynolds.
Fred Reynolds, Executive VP and CFO: Thank you Leslie and good morning. What Id like to do this morning is briefly take you through the highlights of our first quarter 2006 performance. So lets start with revenues. As Leslie mentions were up 4% to $3.6 billion over the first quarter of 2005, led by 5% growth at the Television segment and 5.4% growth at Outdoor. Our operating profit before depreciation and amortization or OIBDA was $634 million, up 1.1% over the first quarter of 2005. Now, included in our results for the first quarter 2006 was $8.5 million of stock option expense. On a pro forma basis, assuming that the separation had occurred as of January 1, 2005 and excluding the $8.5 million of stock option expense (OIBDA) in the first quarter 2006 would have increased by approximately 4% over the first quarter of 2005. On an as reported basis, operating income was $511 million, up 1%. Now again, on a pro forma basis, and excluding stock option expense, operating income would have increased by 4%. So lets move down to P&O. You will note that other items net is down significantly by $42 million from the first quarter of 2005. In last years first quarter we recognized the significant net gain of $38 million pre-tax or about $.028 a share after tax primarily from the sale of our interest in Market Watch. Interest expense, was $144 million for the quarter and its down from $175 million in the first quarter a year ago. This drop in interest expense reflects our lower debt as a result of the $5.4 billion year end dividend we received at the time of separation. Also during the quarter we retired $52 million of our 7.7% coupon bonds which were due in 2010 which resulted in an early extinguishment loss of $4 million. Our tax rate for the first quarter of 2006 was 40.8%, slightly below the tax rate from the year ago. The reduction in tax rate is a result of numerous initiatives that we have taken at the state and local level. Our tax rate was dropped from over 42% in 2005. Based on these and other initiatives at the state and local level, we currently project our tax rate for 2006 to be at or slightly below 41%. Earnings per share on a fully diluted basis was $.30 for the first quarter of 2006, up 7.6% on an as reported basis. Now on a pro forma basis, and again excluding stock option expense, earnings per share would have been up 11% over the first quarter a year ago As Leslie mentioned, free cash flow for the first quarter totaled $585 million, up approximately 12% over the first quarter of 2005. Included in free cash flow was the pre funding of $50 million which we contributed to our qualified pension plans. Adding back this $50 million which is a discretionary, a discretionary use of free cash flow, free cash flow for the first quarter 2006 would have increased by over 20% from year ago. This is driven by strong accounts receivable collections, lower cash interest, lower cash taxes and a modest increase in capital spending. Our capital spending was up $4 million over the first quarter 2005 to $62 million in the first quarter of this year. So, strong cash into receivable, lower interest cost, lower cash taxes and a modest increase in CapEx drove our strong free cash flow performance. On a per share basis, our first quarters free cash flow was $.76 per share. Now if you add that $50 million which was the discretionary use of cash to put into the pension plan, that $.76 would have risen to $.83 and this compares to $.64 a share in the first quarter of 05. Lets briefly turn to the business segments. Our television segment revenues of $2.5 billion were up 5% over the first quarter a year ago. CBS Paramount lead the way with growth of revenues over 20% and as Leslie mentioned driven by the syndication of the second cycle of Frasier in this first quarter. TV station revenues were up 2.5% over last years first quarter lead by good growth in our top market. Operating profit before depreciation amortization was $424 million, up 3% over the first quarter a year ago. Again, excluding stock option expense our first quarter 2006 operating profits before depreciation amortization would have bee up 4%. Radios revenue for the first quarter was $434 million down 6% from last year. As you know, 27 or our 179 radio stations had a significant change in programming with the loss of the Howard Stern Show. The 152 stations not experiencing a change in programming fared significantly better from a revenue standpoint with sales declining 1.5% from year ago. Radios operating profit before depreciation amortization was $171 million, down 14% from the first quarter 05. And as Leslie mentioned, Outdoor had a terrific quarter. Just a terrific quarter with revenues up 5.4%, but that masks really the strength of outdoor. North Americas revenues were up over 10% lead by double digit growth in revenues in the US billboard business. Europes revenues in dollar terms were down 3.8%. However, revenues in Europe in local currency were up 5%. Outdoors operating profit before depreciation amortization was $99 million, up 43% over the first quarter of 05. This terrific performance driven by higher revenue particularly the United States and the rest of North America and as Leslie mentioned, the absence of unprofitable contracts which had been entered into in prior years. Next is corporate expenses for the first quarter. Total $28 million on a pro forma basis, excluding stock option expense, corporate expense for the first quarter 2006 increased by just $700,000 for the first quarter of last year. We expect corporate expense to be relatively flat on a pro forma basis and again, excluding stock option expense for the full year 2006 compared to 2005. Residual costs which consists primarily of pension and retiree medical expenses are related to our divested business, was $35 million for the first quarter, up from $30 million in the first quarter last year. This increase in costs related primarily to our pension expense as we updated our mortality assumption. The increase in pension expense was somewhat offset by lower retiree medical expenses as we are benefiting from lower prescription and drug costs due to the Medicare Part D subsidy. And finally, during the first quarter as you know, we increased our dividend from $.14 a share per quarter to $.16 a share per quarter, a 14% increase. So to wrap up. As Leslie and Sumner just mentioned, were off to a very, very good start to 2006. Thank you for taking the time and with that well now open the telephone lines for your questions. Operator.
Operator: Thank you Mr. Reynolds. The question and answer session will be conducted electronically. If you would like to ask a question, you may do so by pressing the star key followed by the digit 1 on your telephone. Keep in mind that if you are using a speaker phone, to depress your mute function to allow your signal to reach our equipment. Again, thats star 1 if you have a question or comment. Well pause for just a moment to assemble the queue. Our first question will come from Victor Miller with Bear Stearns.
Victor Miller : Good morning, thanks for taking the call. What Im struck by the significant decrease in debt since youre on almost $429 million, as you look to predict net debt by the end of the year 06, could you update us on the Viacom special dividend, what you expect in the net proceeds of Parks, what kind of proceeds you like to do ultimately in radio? Could you be levered at under 1.25 times by year end? If thats the case, how would you look at prioritizing share repurchase dividends and pension? And then last of course, with three weeks away, the up front, could you tell us what you expect from CBS and CW?
Fred Reynolds: Well Victor, let me take the first part. Yes, as you know weve ended 05 in better shape from a debt standpoint and we added to that in the first quarter of 06. We have no desire to have our leverage fall below where it is now. So as Leslie alluded to and we are considering certainly as we monetize the Parks business, and no Victor, Im not going to give you the value of what we think well get our Park. I can tell you though, we have an extremely interested group of bidder, and numerous people have been through. We expect to again know in the next 6 weeks or 8 weeks well have a good idea where we are on Parks, but everything we see is very encouraging. And it couldnt be better than theyre off to just a terrific start. Attendance is up, per caps are up at the Parks, so everything is one the right wave there. You can kind of expect as Leslie said were going to look at raising dividend at some point this year. Wed like to wait to the second half, third quarter. And my guess is as Leslie said, our best investment is our own businesses, but you know our businesses dont use a lot of capital, so we would probably look at one of the options that we all are focusing on, is shrinking some of the equity base, which would be a share buy back. Were not committed to it yet; give us a little more time. Lets get the Parks monetized, lets get through the second quarter and I think we can certainly if we can stay on the track were on, I think well all be pleased with the recommendations well come up with.
Les Moonves: Victor, on the question regarding the up front, in about 3 weeks when the up front comes, were very excited about it. I think network television has had an extraordinary year across the board. I think three out of four of the major networks have done exceedingly well. And, as you know weve renewed a great deal of our programming. We have very strong development. The bar is going to be set extremely high for CBS. Scatter is proving to be exceedingly good in second quarter and post Olympics were just sailing into the up front. Were very bullish about it. Regarding CW, once again, the marketplace has now gone from 6 networks to 5. When you add the programming from the two networks together, once again we had an extremely solid schedule there. Were reorganizing. Our team is in place. Weve gotten the best of development from UPN and from the WB and once again the bars going to be very high there. We expect to have distribution in over 90% of the Country by the time the up front comes, which will be stronger than the distribution of either UPN or CW so we expect CPMs to be up there as well and as I mentioned before, we expect the CW to be profitable from day 1, which not only helps us in owning half the network but also 11 of its TV stations for us to become much stronger. So, were looking forward with a great deal of excitement to be up front.
Victor Miller: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jessica Reif Cohen with Merrill Lynch
Jessica Reif Cohen: Hi, two questions. With the announcement that you made on radio, could you talk about the number of markets you ultimately expect to be in and how soon you would expect a sale to occur? And then, on the potential for acquisitions, you guys continually get mentioned as a potential bidder for Univision, so could you just elaborate on your current views on something like that?
Fred Reynolds: In terms of radio, Jessica, as you know we are a big market company primarily. So, without giving specific numbers, we want to stay in the bigger markets and some of the smaller markets that are fast to grow were going to do that. Were already exploring a number of radio stations at this point in time in the smaller non-rapidly growing markets. You know were already getting some interest. We were very pleased with what ABC radio was able to sell their stations for, so without quantifying a number, were being quite aggressive about it. Regarding Univision. Univision is a wonderful company. As you know there are major, major FCC obstacles for us. Were very happy with the hand were playing now. Were not looking for an acquisition of that size.
Jessica Reif Cohen: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question goes to Kathy Styponias, Prudential Securities.
Kathy Styponias: Hi. Thank you. I have two questions as well. Les, first can you talk about how much youre currently earning in revenues from new platforms and where you expect that to be over the next three to five year? And then the second question is for Fred. Fred your free cash flow growth in the quarter was very impressive, when you talked about free cash flow for the year for 2006, youve alluded to the fact that it should be lower for various reasons than 2005, but looking at what youve done with the tax rate, could you articulate, could you give us an update on that, whether or not that might prove to be conservative and to the extent that you can tell us how we should expect, whether we should expect more pre-funding on your pension costs. Thanks.
Les Moonves: Kathy, regarding new media its sort of a tough question. As I mentioned, where this year alone the V Cast was rising and were going to make over $3 million. We took in north of $4 million in revenue from the NCAA basketball tournament on the webcast as well. The downloads -- were still gathering information on that. These experiments just began in January. Theyre really brand new, but each month is growing in leaps and bounds. Our news site is up about 300%. Now, granted, the base is rather low, but as years go by we expect to shortly be in the 10s of millions of dollars and thats really as specific as I can get right now, but every month theyre growing and we are very excited about whats happening out there. Fred
Fred Reynolds: Les, Id just add on the new media, Kathy is we have a pretty big base with something called Sportslink, its doing really well and growing very rapidly as its now integrated for the first time this year because we got it last year at one point in the year. So, that is growing very quickly in and of itself. Now whether you count that as new media? We sort of do, because its internet and its doing great. On your point on the free cash flow. Were very pleased with the first quarter and as you can tell, the first quarter is always very strong for us. It was strong last year. We obviously did better this year because we had higher revenues, higher profits and a lower tax rate. As I was trying to say in my comments, I expected tax rates to be lower than what we had guided to before. I think we guided to a 42% tax revision and we feel pretty good at 41%, maybe a tick below that slightly, but I would count on 41%. So that would be a driver for increasing the free cash flow for the full year. On the pension pre funding, again, I think conservatively, we put that in free cash flow. I think that economically, its a discretionary decision. Well only do it if it gives us a great return. We believe its a 13% internal rate of return after tax to do that. Will we do more? Likely, unless theres something else we can do that will give us a better return. But it wont impact the effect that well have on free cash flow to do things such as raise dividends or if we decided to buy back shares at the end of this year. You know, we want to return the capital in an efficient way. We know we have a one-time event with the Parks monetization. That is not in our free cash flows as you would guess. Thats just a one-time event. My guess is that we would want to return that to shareholders the most efficient way. Whether thats raising the dividend higher one time or share buy back  were still sorting that out. I guess youre hearing from Leslie, me and Sumner, we feel really good about the year started. First quarter, very important to get off to a strong start in cash flow. Really pleased with the way our DSOs our Day Sales are going. We managed that as you know, Kathy, every single day. We look at the cash, we drive that number down, or get the cash in as fast as we can. So, yes, we were conservative on free cash flow. I dont think we gave specific guidance on it, but for sure you can count on tax rate being lower than what we had first communicated.
Kathy Styponias: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank has our next question.
Doug Mitchelson: Thanks. Just one around pacings. It looks like CBS Network grew about 3% revenue in the first quarter. Is that right? Do you have a sense of what the impact from competing with the Olympics was during the quarter? And give us a sense of TV and radio station and TV network scatter pacings in 2Q and then, if I could just also ask, Les you talked a little bit about the up front  on the fourth quarter call you talked about a 4% up front growth being what your guys thought it might come out at. Has anything changed in your outlook there?
Les Moonves: Ill ask the last question first, and then Ill turn it over to Fred. Nothing has really changed. You know in the fourth quarter we talked about it this was pre CW, which I think potentially tightens inventory and I think it makes it even more valuable. In addition, I think network television as a whole, I even made mention some of the other networks with American Idol, doing what its doing and Lost doing what its doing, and CSI continuing to be very strong. I think network television has probably never been stronger. So I see nothing to change that number that I said, maybe Im being a little conservative.
Fred Reynolds: Let me jump in on the television segment. Its always a little confusing when you have a big syndicated show that hits in the quarter and the second cycle of Frasier, very profitable, good for us. Last years first quarter, we didnt have as much revenue, but we sold a lot of product out of the library that has very, very, very high gross margins on it. Andy Griffith, G-d bless him, still produces a lot of money. The other is Beverly Hills 90210 774 whatever it was. And so those are very profitable. So it sort of hues good profits on Frasier, extremely gross profits on the others. We also had very good cost controls at the network. Again, were still riding the lack of the Raymond cost, the Jag cost and Judging Amy cost, so our costs at the network are actually down in programming. So we had a lot of different pieces. The stations as we said did well. Showtime did well. Across the board, the divisions within the television segment, everyone was up in the quarter, but again, we got a little bit skewed because when we have a big first run or Im sorry, second cycle of Frasier.
Les Moonves: Regarding the Olympics. Were very pleased with the results. Because we sort of hung low during the Olympics and had mostly repeats on. As a result, post Olympics weve been running almost originals across the board through the end of the year. So, our product is very, very strong and were seeing the benefit of a lot of good scatter market and some of the networks dont have quite as much as we do. So were very pleased.
Doug Mitchelson: And then just 2 Q scatter or 2 Q pacings if you can?
Les Moonves: Its hard to give that right now.
Fred Raymond: I would just say that like in the first quarter, right now were up. Our businesses are up, but it tends to build in the quarter. It did in the first quarter. We got much stronger after the Olympics. We see May and June looking a lot stronger than April, but April was still up. So were not going to get into specific pacings by group, but I see intensity building and of course now were starting to see as Leslie said in his opening remarks, the political starting to kick came much in May and June.
Les Moonves: Yes, the later you get, the more politicals coming in, were seeing that snowball starting to come down the hill and theres a lot of moneys beginning to come in for May and June.
Doug Mitchelson: Thank you very much.
Operator: Well go next to John Blackledge with JP Morgan.
John Blackledge: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. With the current growth prospects and evaluation for pure play outdoor companies, just wondered if youd consider selling the Outdoor business or spinning some of it off to investors as a way to tap into the inherent value that CBS may not be getting credit for at the current moment? Thanks.
Fred Reynolds: We believe we are going to get credit for it. We love the outdoor business. You can see these results are sensational. There is no intent whatsoever to sell off Outdoor. We love it. We love the business. Were going to get paid appropriately for our stock, we know we are.
John Blackledge: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Well go next to Michael Nathanson, Sanford Bernstein
Michael Nathanson: I have three, the first two will be for Fred, the third will be for Les. Fred, on CBS I guess the question was in the quarter, what was revenue growth for the network in the quarter because as someone suggested it was 3%, I just wanted to confirm that?
Fred Reynolds: I missed the last part of your comment, sorry.
Michael Nathanson: The question was, what was the revenue growth for CBS network in the quarter?
Fred Reynolds: It was up 1%
Michael Nathanson: Okay. Secondly, last time we talked there was a guidance without options expense. I wondered, as the Board met and gave a better idea of what we can expect from options expense in the quarter?
Fred Reynolds: Michael, for the year, the Board has not met to grant the 2006 equity compensation yet. We do have a Board meeting in May. I believe Leslie you can confirm that. I think thats when theyll meet. But at this point we dont have any more information than we did at the start of the year which is they have not been granted yet.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. And for Les, the Opie & Anthony move was a very bold move to try to get back some audience. Given that youre suing Howard Stern for promoting Sirius on the air, are you concerned at all that this could benefit satellite radio by having people tune in to Opie & Anthony and then move on to satellite?
Les Moonves: No, were really not. Theyre terrific talent. We were very happy to be able to make the deal with XM. We think it benefits us. It can benefit down, we dont think it hurts us on iota and our ratings are going to go up considerably. So, Im not at all concerned.
Michael Nathanson: Do you have protection that theyre not going to promote anything that you have in the contract?
Les Moonves: No. As a matter of fact, theyre allowed to mention XM on the air. We look forward to dealing with XM and they were XM property. So, you know we are fine with that.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Andy Baker with Cathay Financial.
Andy Baker: Thanks a lot. A couple of questions. One on Radio, one on Outdoor. Can you talk about the improvement in Outdoor coming from trends? Was that correct that it was already started? I thought they were going to be sort of later in the second half of 06 and if so, how much of this improvement did come from that versus how much is just fundamental improvement? And secondly on Radio, do you have any sense of in the Howard Stern market, how those markets performed. In other words, how much of your loss in this market was Howard Stern related and how much was just organic market decline?
Fred Reynolds: This is Fred. If I can ask you to clarify your first part, you said something about Outdoor? Was it about the Transit contract?
Andy Baker: Yes. Are you already getting out of those transit contracts. I thought that was a second half of the year event.
Fred Reynolds: Most of them, the bad contracts are gone. There are only one or two left. We will be out of those. But the bigger ones are gone.
Andy Baker: The margin were looking at now for this quarter is sort of a stand alone margin going forward we should be looking at?
Fred Reynolds: Actually Andy, it should get better. Because again, while getting out of the unprofitable contracts was good, the biggest driver and I was trying to allude to that is the strength of the billboard business. Its our highest margin segment within Outdoor and its growing double digit. The revenue growth is terrific and almost all flows through because our costs are very, very fixed. The Transit contracts are great, billboard growth was a more powerful driver and will continue, but to Leslies point those all were down to one bad contract, not bad, just not what wed like it to be. The rest are gone.
Les Moonves: And regarding radio. Obviously we weve said this before, Howard was a loss, but it was very funny we were looking at who could make up for that loss. Once again we kept coming back to the guys that can do it are Opie & Anthony. This is something weve been working on for awhile. The fact that we were able to get them, we think that is the best solution to this problem and when you look at I mentioned, their ratings when they were on the air with us in 2002, in the afternoon (which is a far worse period of time), putting them on in the morning, without Howard there, you know we think were going to see marked improvement. Were very excited about it.
Andy Baker: Great. Thanks a lot. And one last question. You had mentioned earlier given the radio multiple hits in the market right now, it seems it might be attractive to someone of your slower going stations; can you quantify what multiples youve seen in the market?
Les Moonves: I think the ABC, were close to14, the ABC station sale just a few months ago were about 14 times, so thats pretty attractive.
Andy Baker: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Lehman Brothers with Anthony DeClemente has our next question.
Anthony DeClemente: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. A couple for Fred. First off, on the Frasier syndication sales, can you give us the dollar amount of that? And then, did you receive the cash for that in the 1Q or just book it on the P&L? Secondly, can you give us I think Victor had asked this question earlier, an update on the adjustment on the special dividend that was mentioned in the K the $460 million, Fred can you just let us know whats the timing and resolution of that and your expectation of at least what portion of that can come through, and finally, Do you expect free cash flow to grow in the 2Q. Thanks.
Fred Reynolds: Anthony, on the Frasier sale, I dont think I will. We sold it to Lifetime and Im not sure whether we have any confidentially agreement. We got a very good value per episode of Frasier and no we didnt monetize it yet through our securitization program. So it did grow our receivables both current and non current receivables which again, is one more reason why Im really pleased with our receivables. Our trade receivables actually went down so it didnt cause much of a blip. So we didnt monetize that. We will get that cash in over the next window which I think is 36 months. On the special dividends, I really dont have much of an update from where we last were. I think as of Friday of this week or maybe Monday, I just dont recall, is the date that we will get the response back from new Viacom and again, we believe nothing has come to light in our review of the submission that we made that would change our point of view. So I have nothing new. Again, hopefully in the next couple of weeks we will be able to understand more if there are any issues and I dont know if there will be any issues. So on that, I guess its going to be a second quarter to maybe early third quarter before the mechanics of it get resolved. We are owed a response. I believe its on Friday of this week to what we submitted. On free cash flow growing in the second quarter, Ill give you my standard response  we dont forecast free cash flow by quarter.
Anthony DeClemente: I knew that was coming.
Fred Reynolds: I know you appreciate it. You like the consistency.
Operator: Thank you. Well go next to Alan Gould with Blythe Schroeder.
Alan Gould: Thank you. Most of my questions have been answered but are there any more major syndication availabilities coming up this year?
Les Moonves: Were discussing Numbers becomes available, Medium becomes available and you know theres a lot of activity going on. There are new cycles of Raymond that we will be sharing in and were sharing in King of Queens, which is out there right now; so there are a number of shows. What we are clearly doing now that were in control of the majority, this amount of product is to eliminate the rollercoaster effect from syndication sales. So, were going to be very strong.
Fred Reynolds: Id just add Leslie, we have Star Trek Voyager, second cycle and we will have the first cable cycle for CSI Miami, so those will happen probably fourth quarter, maybe well pull them into third, but I dont think it will happen in the second. So, those will be the big ones in addition to going to library products too, but it will be second cycle of Star Trek Voyager and first run on cable for Miami  CSI Miami.
Alan Gould: Thank you.
Marty Shea: A last question, please.
Operator: That will come from Tuma Ahmaby with Standard & Poors Equity Group
Tuma Ahmaby: Thank you very much for taking the question. Ive got a couple. The first one is, on the CW, my understanding is that right now you have approximately mid 80s percentage of reach with affiliate signage and
Fred Reynolds: Were at 85 right now and before the up front which will be in about 3 weeks, I expect to be in the low 90s.
Tuma Ahmaby: Now, Les, of that percentage how many are currently signed up to pay reverse compensation as you would call them programming fees? And thats question number 1. And question number 2 is what kind of new media rights are you signing up with these agreements? Do these agreements can come past the rights to new media with the affiliates, and another question is to clarify that the 10s of millions of dollars from the upside potential for new media rights, does that include radio, radio you know the things that youre doing, pod casting, on-line stream and so on? And finally, on the up front, if you could comment on your possible change in strategy this year given ABCs lead off last year. It seemed like kind of capped the CPM group there. Are you going to be more aggressive this year and how do you see the new DVR ratings from Neilsen factoring into your negotiations?
Les Moonves: Tuma, you just asked 17 questions. If you have to ask 17 questions, Ill try to do them briefly. The CW there are stations that are paying reverse comp. Im not allowed nor will I get into which ones specifically, but there is reverse comp being paid to the network. New media rights, yes they are being encompassed in all of our new deals and with our affiliates that they are part of it. Its an on-going conversation with our affiliates both on the CBS side and the CW side. We are very satisfied with how thats going. And everybody is going to share and everybody is gong to be happy. The 10s of millions of dollars is just a number I threw out there. And no, it didnt include anything for radio or their pod casting numbers which are unquantifiable at this time. And the up front strategy, our strategy has always been the same. If you say more aggressive, those of you who know me, think its impossible for me to be more aggressive. You know were expecting a very good up front as is ABC as is Fox as is the CW. I think its going to be a very strong year. ABC has had a lot of hits. We are strong throughout the week. Every night we have hits. The advertising community is very pleased with our performance. Theyre buying scatter, theyre going to buy at the up front. So I think that covered your 17 questions in 17 seconds.
Tuma Ahmaby: Thank you very much
Marty Shea: Thank you and everyone, thank you. Deborah and I will be around for more questions. Again, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you that does conclude our call today. We would like to thank everybody for their participation, have a great day.

===== 2005 Q4  (2006-02-23 11:45:00) =====
Executives: Marty Shea - EVP, Investor Relations   Sumner Redstone - Chairman   Leslie Moonves - President and CEO   Fred Reynolds - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Victor Miller - Bear Stearns   Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch   Anthony Diclemente - Lehman Brothers   Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank   Kathy Styponias - Prudential Securities   Andy Baker - Cathay Financial   Arian Mueller - Credit Suisse First Boston   Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs   Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein
Operator: Good day everyone, and welcome to the CBS Corporation fourth quarter and full year 2005 earnings release teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the call over to the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Marty Shea. Please go ahead, sir.
Marty Shea: Good morning, everyone. Thank for taking time to join us for our fourth quarter and full year 2005 earnings call. Joining me for today's discussion are Sumner Redstone, our Chairman; Leslie Moonves our President and CEO; and Fred Reynolds, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Sumner will have some opening remarks, and then we will turn the call over to Les and Fred for strategic and financial issues. We will then open up the call to questions. Let me note that statements on this conference call relating to matters which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Risks and uncertainties are disclosed in CBS Corporation's news release and security filings. A summary of CBS Corporation fourth quarter and full year 2005 results should have been sent to all of you. If you did not receive the results please contact [Punam Desay] at 975-3667 and she will get it to you. A webcast of the call, the earnings release and any other information related to the presentation can be found on CBS Corporation's corporate website, cbscorporation.com. Now I will turn the call over to Sumner.
Sumner Redstone: Thanks, Marty and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. I just want to offer a couple of thoughts before turning the call over to Leslie. First of all, I could not be more pleased with the execution of the split which went smoother than anyone could have expected. We now have two focused and nimble companies. They each have clear investment strategies. Here at CBS we have a tremendous content company with the best management in the media business. CBS is a company that will generate great cash flow as it grows and we intend to return the value we create to the shareholders. Let's face it: the old media era is gone. It is behind us. The new media horizon, founded on outstanding content creation, untapped digital opportunity -- that lies ahead. You can count on Leslie and his team to seize that new day and execute our vision for the long-term benefit of the shareholders. I am, without exaggeration, enthusiastically confident that this company, the new CBS Corporation is well-positioned to assume its place as the leader among its media peers and to continually expand on this leadership for a long, long, long -- Leslie, that's long -- long time to come. I will pass this over to the real boss, Leslie Moonves.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you very much, Sumner. Good morning, everybody and once again, thank you for joining us. I am very, very excited to be here today as we put the split behind us and tell you about the strategies and the businesses of the new CBS Corporation. First I would like to say a couple of words about our overall performance and some significant positive events. Keep in mind these numbers are pro forma, as if the separation had occurred on January 1, 2005. Given that assumption, we were at $0.41 per share for the fourth quarter of 2005 and $1.59 for the full year. And, our free cash flow of $1.5 billion was up 10% for the year. As you know, building businesses that throw off cash is what we do. Excess cash allows us to do a number of things, most importantly share it with our investors in the form of what we hope to be an increasing dividend. In a few minutes, I am going to hand it off to our CFO, Fred Reynolds, who will discuss these results a bit more, but before I do I want to take a couple of minutes to thank and commend our Chairman for his vision about the split. Thank you, Sumner. The new Company has been in existence for less than two months and we are already seeing the benefit. We are more focused, more nimble than we were just eight weeks ago. Our management team is extremely strong. It is so good to be out on our own. Just look at what we've accomplished in the short time since we began trading as CBS Corporation on January 3rd. We increased our dividend rate by 14% to demonstrate our confidence in our ability to generate strong free cash flow. The same week, we announced the creation of a new broadcast network, the CW, to appeal to valuable young demographics while at the same time eliminating a network that was posting losses year after year. Also in our first month, we closed on the acquisition of CS TV, expanding our holdings in the lucrative world of college sports, cable and new media. Plus, we announced our intention to divest Paramount Parks, a great business that just didn't fit with our strengths. Also as part of our effort to extend the reach of our world-class content to emerging technology platforms, we launched the first partnership of its kind with Google. A lot of activity in such a short time, and these are just the highlights. Add it all up and you have a Company that is leaving the past behind, a Company that is totally on the move. I want to talk briefly about our businesses and where we are with them right now. Television, our largest segment, CBS continues to have more breadth and depth of success than any other network: #1 in viewers, #1 in 25-54, a close #2 in 18-49 -- and by the way, we have won 10 of 21 weeks in this important demo, more than any other network. This includes not having the Super Bowl -- which by the way, we will have in '07 -- and obviously not having the Olympics. We have also widened our lead on the very important Thursday night, which is the largest monetary night of the week. We have five of the top 10 shows, nine of the top 20 and we have a leadership position in almost every genre: #1 series in CSI, #1 sitcom in Two And A Half Men, #1 news magazine in 60 minutes. And it is not only our entertainment content fueling our success, news and sports are also big players. CBS News is having a renaissance on its own. The CBS News is the only network evening news to increase season-to-date in total viewers, while our competitors are down more than 750,000 viewers each. Bob Schieffer is doing a terrific job. Over at CBS Sports we are coming off another incredible NFL season, and this time was the third time in four years that we topped Fox in the all-important post season, beating Fox's NFC Championship by 13%. As I said, we look forward to having the Super Bowl again next year on CBS. We just announced recently a new PGA deal so we are very excited about that. A minute about the CW Network. A more powerful, new network that will launch in the fall with a line-up of well-known, hit shows aimed at the valuable younger audience; a combination of the best of CBS and Warner Brothers, two great brands. The affiliation process for the stations across the country that are not aligned with Tribune or CBS is underway, and we are already seeing major activity in many, many markets with many lucrative deals to come. Moving on to syndication, we have another great story. As you know, we control most of the top shows in Syndication. In fact, we had eight of the top 10 syndication shows, and they are all renewed past 2010. Plus, many of our shows are doing extremely well internationally. Just a few years ago our product had a first run and the rerun, that was it. But now we get it all: the original, the rerun, syndication, international, Internet, wireless, DVD, cellular. All new revenue streams for the same exact piece of programming. Turning to television stations. (1) We are now poised to benefit from CBS' primetime success. (2) Our CW stations obviously are a lot more valuable today than they were as just UPN stations. They will get stronger with the addition of all of these new shows. In addition, we expect strong station results this year from the amount of political advertising that is going to come our way. I don't want to leave the subject of television without saying a few words about our two cable networks, Showtime and CS TV. The quality and recognition of Showtime programming is growing: Weeds, Sleeper Cell and The L Word, that is how HBO increased their amount of subs. We are going to be doing the same. By the way, Weeds is one of the top TV downloads on iTunes. As Showtime continues to add high quality programs, there is no reason it won't become, for CBS, what HBO is for Time Warner. And CS TV, our college sports cable network powerhouse is a perfect example of a tuck-in acquisition that makes sense for us. Working with CBS Sports and the NCAA, CS TV will provide unprecedented coverage of March Madness, the most coverage of the tournament by any cable network ever, and it will include live streaming of outer market game coverage, once again getting us additional revenue for the same product. Radio, let's turn to our next largest segment. CBS Radio, obviously we have had some challenges losing Howard Stern. However, we are going to successfully make this work. We've got the best local brands in the most attractive markets, now it is about content and promotion. Again, historically that is what we do. We have recently launched over 20 new programming initiatives and several format changes including: Free FM; ratings for Jack FM, which we flipped last year, are up in nine of 11 markets; Our Spanish formats continue to perform very well, and just last week we announced that Jim Cramer, the host of Mad Money, will host a one-hour live show on eight CBS stations. Welcome, Jim. Some of our new shows will work, some of them won't work, but we are constantly evaluating these new programs and as we did with the CBS Television Group, we are going to increase the programming quality on the CBS Radio Group. Outdoor. As you know, we are already the largest out-of-home media company in North America. Today the improved reliability and lower access costs of digital technology is beginning to have an impact on this marketplace. As digital continues to gain a lot of traction, we are taking full advantage of it. We are also moving fast into the huge domestic Hispanic market, a segment that we have been growing about 100% per year for the last three years, across this nation as well as Mexico. And, we are being very selective about our major market transit contracts, opting out of those -- which we have done quite a few times in the last year -- which do not meet our profit and return criteria. Outdoor has done extremely well in the fourth quarter and they are looking extremely well as we head towards this year. It is a great part of our business. Publishing. Stephen King's latest thriller, Cell, has been #1 on the New York Times Bestseller List for the past three weeks, and Simon and Schuster's fast-growing audio division has been moving ahead. Once again, they are entering into the world of audio as well as digital and we see a great progress for Simon and Schuster as well. New media, very quickly. I want to address something that I know is on your mind and that is very important to us, and that is all of these areas of new media. It is not one of our reporting segments, but it is an opportunity -- as we mentioned before -- for all of our divisions to expand their existing operations. I have challenged all of our businesses to drive our world-class content into new platforms and to get paid for it There are three primary ways we are already doing this. On-demand subscriber fees, subscription, on-demand fees and online advertising. Along these lines, w have announced a bunch of deals in recent months. Earlier this month we began offering Survivor downloads on CBS.com at $1.99 per episode -- the first television network to make our own primetime hit programming available, on our own website for a fee, without going through a middleman. As I mentioned earlier, we have a new deal with Google. We have a deal in place with Comcast for video-on-demand; Showtime is now offering episodes on iTunes; and radio as well is bringing new revenues with streaming channels. We also have a great deal with Verizon and we are entering in to the telephone space. Add to that all of the exciting developments in the digital world of publishing and outdoor, and you can see -- as Sumner mentioned -- we are not an old media company. To help us put this all into perspective, we have just launched a new major research initiative called CBS Vision. It will help us better understand our many audiences. As you can tell, we are pretty excited about the opportunities that lie ahead. At our core, we remain committed to operating world-class assets with total distinction; being the best at what we do while once again -- and I emphasis this -- returning value to our shareholders. Before I close, I just want to point out that one of the questions we always get is, what is management doing to improve the financial structure of this business? You should know that our entire management team is committed to improving our return on invested capital. Every investment we make, every decision we make, is made with the goal of getting a superior return on our capital. We are very strong and we are looking forward to the future. Now, to turn it over to our terrific CFO, Fred Reynolds.
Fred Reynolds: Thank you, Leslie. What I would like to do this morning is first highlight our fourth quarter performance, focusing on the pro forma results. As Leslie mentioned, our pro forma financial statements are consistent with the S-4 which was filed late last year and assumes that the separation occurred at the very start of 2005. The three most significant changes that the pro forma financials reflect are (1) the number of shares outstanding -- they are reduced in half to about 765 million shares; (2) new Viacom is shown as discontinued operations; and (3) our interest expense than as-reported results as we assumed that our debt was fixed at $7 billion. So with that, let me discuss our performance. I would like to then wrap up with a discussion of the non-cash impairment charge which we announced today of $9.5 billion and then briefly discuss our as-reported results for the fourth quarter of 2005. Let's start off with the fourth quarter of 2005. Total revenues for the CBS Corporation were $3.8 billion, up 2% to year-ago fourth quarter. Pro forma operating profit before depreciation and amortization, or OIBDA, excluding the impairment charge, was $779 million, up 3% over the fourth quarter of 2004. Now our OIBDA margin in the fourth quarter of 2005 were 20.4%, and that is up slightly from about 20% in last year's fourth quarter margin. So we saw improvement in our operating margins. As Leslie mentioned, our largest segment is television, which consists of the CBS and UPN networks; TV stations, King World, Paramount TV and Showtime. Our television segment has revenues in the fourth quarter of 2005 of $2.5 billion, up 1.4% over year ago. Revenue growth in the quarter was led by our broadcast networks, where sales were up 5.8%. TV stations were down 2% in the fourth quarter overall. However, if you look at November and December they were up 2.5% and 6% respectively over 2004, as these two months were largely unaffected by the heavy political spending in the fourth quarter of 2004. Television OIBDA in the fourth quarter was $444 million, up 9% over the comparable period in '04, driven by higher revenue and lower costs, largely lower programming expenses at the CBS Network. Radio's revenue in the fourth quarter was $543 million, down 1% to a year ago. OIBDA for radio totaled $215 million, and that was down 10%. OIBDA was down approximately $30 million due to a gain on the sale of a radio station in the fourth quarter of 2004. If you exclude the gain on the sale of the radio station in the fourth quarter of 2004, radio's OIBDA would have been up 2% in 2005's fourth quarter. So up 2% if you exclude the one-time gain in the prior year. Outdoor, as Leslie mentioned, had a really solid fourth quarter. Revenues were up 3%, somewhat muted by some foreign exchange, the dollar strengthened against the euro and the U.K. pound. While OIBDA increased to $147 million, or up 7% over 2004 fourth quarter. As you know, our outdoor business in New Orleans was really whacked very hard by Hurricane Katrina, with losses and extraordinary expenses hitting us in the third and fourth quarters of 2005. Outdoor's fourth quarter OIBDA would have been up in the mid-teens had we not incurred these hurricane-related expenses, but still a solid 7%. Parks and publishing had a strong fourth quarter, closing out 2005 with a strong revenue gain, and OIBDA of $40 million, up 60%. Our parks business extended their season into the fall and winter and drove incremental revenues and profits. Simon and Schuster had a number of bestsellers in the fourth quarter that drove its profitability. Now turning to the non-cash impairment charge. As you know, FASB 142 requires an annual review of goodwill for possible impairment. In the fourth quarter of last year, we analyzed our market value of the Company versus the goodwill we carry on the books, which is approximately $39 billion. Based on our current market value, the amount of goodwill needed to be reduced. A $9.5 billion non-cash charge resets our goodwill for our television and radio segments to the appropriate amounts, using very realistic assumptions. Now let's quickly turn to the fourth quarter results on an as-reported basis. Operating income, excluding the impairment charge, was $647 million, up 3% over 2004 fourth quarter. As-reported earnings per share was $0.17 on a diluted share basis, assuming the shares outstanding were pre-split, or about 1.5 billion shares outstanding. Finally, as Sumner and Leslie both said, free cash flow. A big hit for us in the fourth quarter and all of 2005. Full year free cash flow for CBS Corporation was $1.5 billion, up 10% over 2004. Not only were we successful in converting a significant amount of our OIBDA to free cash flow, we were also very successful in managing our working capital, an area of continued focus and opportunity for us. Before we wrap up, we want to mention that we did provide guidance for the full year. As we have stated in the past, we expect our revenues to grow in the low single digits, and we expect our operating income and earnings per share to be mid single-digit growth. This excludes any of the expenses that would relate to expensing stock options going forward. With that, I think I will turn it over to Marty and we will take your questions.
Marty Shea: We will open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you, gentlemen. (Operator instructions) We will go first to Victor Miller with Bear Stearns.
Victor Miller - Bear Stearns: Good morning, thanks for taking the questions. First of all, can you contrast the offering that you will have for your potential affiliate base of CW versus what Fox announced yesterday, which is My Network TV? Secondly, could you talk a little bit about the transition in radio? Obviously the radio business was down 270 basis points, we think, as an industry in the fourth quarter. You beat that by 170 basis points, but now you've added another 27 stations into the mix. What should we realistically expect as we go into the first quarter, the earliest part of the transition, and as we look toward the year? What should we expect, really, for the radio business? What can you do?
Sumner Redstone: All right, Victor, I will answer the first question with Leslie and I will turn over the second to Fred. The CW versus My TV, number one, we already have a base of 50% of the country between the Tribune stations and the CBS stations. We have a very, very strong station base. We are also getting a lot of activity right now, as we speak, from different affiliate groups throughout the country who are bidding on getting CW. I know the Fox people announced My TV and nobody should ever under-estimate Roger Ailes, but it took UPN 12 years and WB 12 years and they are better off together. So we are very excited about the affiliate base we have. The economics, we are looking at a number of things. Obviously we want to have what we call programming fees from them, but we are also looking at, what is the best station for our network? That is also a factor. So there are a number of factors in there, but we are putting together a group of affiliates that are going to be spectacular. As I said, out of the box CW is going to be stronger than UPN. It is 1+1=4. We are very excited about it. We wish My TV good luck.
Fred Reynolds: Victor, let me just try on the radio side to answer your question. Clearly, the comparables with the 27 Howard stations are going to be difficult, not only in the first quarter but in the first few quarters of 2006. We look at the business, both the Howard stations -- the 27 -- and the non-Howard, the other 151. So I think you have seen our CBS Radio Group outperform this segment, the non-Howard stations we expect would outperform the radio industry. I just would only caution that the first quarter is always difficult when you have an Olympic year in there. Everything is ranking a little bit later. We are more encouraged today than we were maybe two weeks ago when we started February, because it seems like the back half of February and March are picking up a little bit. It is going to be tough to read. I don't want to be any less clear, that it is going to be tough to read the first quarter because of the Olympics, because of the non-Howard stations. We look at both and we expect to outperform the industry.
Victor Miller - Bear Stearns: Thank you.
Sumner Redstone: Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch.
 Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch : Thank you. A couple of questions. Could you discuss any interest you might have in Univision? Given the regulatory issues, I wonder if you could participate possibly as a minority strategic partners? Secondly, Les, could you expand on what you said in your opening remarks about the dividend? You mentioned that you hopefully will have a higher dividend over time. I want to know your thinking on that currently. Finally, just to go back to the Fox Network question. How does it -- it is not really 100% clear how your affiliates will get compensated. Could you be more specific about how it affects affiliate compensation and maybe even marketing plans?
Leslie Moonves: Sure, let me go through them. Univision -- Look, we look at everything, Jessica. We have major FCC issues. As you know, our Television Station Group is at its limit right now; our radio stations in many markets are at the limit. Whenever there is an opportunity like that, I don't think there is a media company in the world that is looking at Univision. I don't want to comment any more than that. The regulatory issues are pretty extreme there. I don't foresee anything further on that. In terms of the dividend, I thought it was significant that we went out and Fred and I did an investors meeting about three or four weeks ago, and we announced an increase in our stated dividend. I think that was as much financial as it was symbolic about our intent as to how we are going to use our cash, that we intend to continue to increase the dividend. I think shareholders and investors should feel very confident in that we are going to be giving money back constantly, and it is our goal to keep increasing it. I think the fact that we did that three weeks into our operation should have been fairly significant. Now regarding the Fox Television Station, the Fox announcement and the CW stations. Let me just announce, when we did the deal, the initial deal was made up of Tribune and CBS stations, which encompass almost 50% of the country. Tribune is paying reverse compensation to the CW network. That is happening. We already have offers in many, many markets to pay reverse compensation. Once again, as I said earlier, that is only going to be one of the factors. The other factor is having a very, very strong affiliate base so the network soars, which we think it will. As I've stated, I think this network will be profitable from day one. The other advantage for us is obviously our 11 CW stations already become immensely more valuable than they had been as UPN television stations. The third part that CW works for us is, most of the new content are going to be joint ventures between Warner Brothers and CBS. As you know, as we go forward content is going to be extremely important, not only for the CW Network but for all of the other uses we can have. So we are looking at it as a three-way victory, CW. Both network stations and content for us. Once again, Fox will have it a bit tougher than we will.
 Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch : Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Anthony Diclemente - Lehman Brothers.
 Anthony Diclemente - Lehman Brothers: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. You just posted $1.5 billion in free cash flow in 2005. Many of The Street analysts -- ourselves included -- are looking for about $1.15 billion to $1.2 billion in free cash in '06. I think the difference, and the big reason for the gap is negative working capital, people are looking for about $350 million to $400 million in negative working capital in '06. This question is for Fred, and the question is: (1) Can you just remind everybody what is exactly included in that number? (2) How recurring is that number? You alluded to working capital earlier, but should we be modeling such a big negative number, $350 million to $400 million going on to '07 and '08? Thank you.
Fred Reynolds: Anthony, thanks. Let me take you through. Free cash flow for us is, after everything is paid -- capital spending, taxes, you name it a change in working capital, a change in net assets. It is everything, so we don't change that number. It is the cash in the bank at the end of the year. Let me take you through. Yes, we had an extraordinary year on working capital. Part of that, as you would expect with revenues sort of flat, we did collect a lot of the receivables. That is a focus, to drive down our DSOs. That was part of the reason. With revenues up only a little for the year or relatively flat, that we were able to drive down working capital. You have to look at our business a little differently. One, the normal business does not use a lot of working capital, probably $0.20 on every incremental dollar of revenue, somewhere in that range, is what we need in working capital. But we do have some non-cash revenue and non-cash profits that come in, in our syndication arm. That has a little bit of variability year to year, because in the second quarter of '05 when we announced a sale in syndication to cable, the accounting rules make us recognize all of that revenue and we have both the current and long-term receivable from, in that case I guess it was one of the cable networks. So that is something we look at and that could drive the variability. I do think we are going to see a lot of growth, as we said. We will grow low single digits in revenues, so we won't be able to work down the working capital as much as we did in '05, but you can count on us focusing on driving down. The big numbers we can drive down are receivables. We don't have inventory. We don't have widgets, we just have receivables and we have programming costs. So we will try to be as illuminating to you when we have the periodic, each quarter sales of syndicated product to the cable networks that may drive non-cash, for that quarter, revenues and profits, we will illuminate that as fast as possible. We are a cash flow machine. That is what we are about. That is what Leslie holds us to, that is what Sumner holds us to and we are going to be focused, all of our divisions, on driving down our receivables and holding the payments going out as long as we can to make -- we only have about $12 billion of non-goodwill assets, so we have to make those turn, go fast. That is certainly our commitment to you.
 Anthony Diclemente - Lehman Brothers: Okay.
Operator: We will go next to Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank.
 Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Thank you very much. General consensus is the upfront will be flat to down slightly this year. (1)Do you feel differently, Les? (2) The big story last year for CBS was Thursday night; it seems that is the big story again this year. Are you already achieving the same CPM pricing on Thursday as NBC? If so, how much revenue upside do you still see left on Thursday nights? Thanks.
Leslie Moonves: I don't know who you are getting that consensus from, but our people are telling us that the upfront is going to be up close to 4%, if not more. By the way, in most of the last 10 years far exceeded what the expectations are. I think you have been talking to too many advertising executives, Doug, who always at this time of the year start the march -- the upfront is going to be down, the upfront is going to be down. And then guess what? Come June, the upfront is up. I can almost guarantee you the upfront will be up. In terms of Thursday nights, we are obviously very pleased with our performance on Thursday. It continues to be strong. Overall, it continues to be an opportunity. Broadcast television is doing extremely well. You look at ABC, you look at Fox, you look at us, we are all doing extremely well. NBC is having some gains here and there. The network groups are doing extremely well. It is time that people realized that broadcast television is still the place to be. Once again, some of the drumbeats maybe should be around broadcast more than some of the cable assets. In terms of CPMs, it is hard to -- you know what? We don't necessarily split out a CPM. We make overall deals. When you buy CSI on Thursday night you are also buying some other shows. So it is hard to assess how much CPM growth there will be on Thursday night, but it continues to be the best night for us and we continue to be pretty strong on that night.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Do you think there is still some more revenue potential gains from NBC on Thursday night coming for CBS?
Leslie Moonves: No question about it. There is more money flowing in everyday on Thursday night.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Kathy Styponias - Prudential Securities.
Kathy Styponias - Prudential Securities: Hi. Two questions. Les, you mentioned that the traction that Showtime is gaining, especially with the shows such as The L Word and Sleeper Cell, et cetera. I was just wondering if you could go over for us how much cash flow is currently being generated by Showtime, and/or where the margins are, given that HBO throws off about $1 billion plus in cash flow. So how much upside potential, how much of a swing factor, could Showtime be? Secondly, if someone can comment on what sort of trends you are seeing so far into the first quarter with respect to television advertising? Yesterday on their call Viacom mentioned that the dollars are being placed later and later into the quarter. I am wondering if you are seeing the same sort of trend. Thanks.
Leslie Moonves: Let me talk about Showtime first, Kathy. Obviously, HBO was built on great programming, first and then the money and the subs follow. I think the fact that Weeds won a Golden Globe award and that the star of that show won a Golden Globe award and for the first time, I think in many, many years, Showtime is now on the map and being talked about in the same breath as HBO. Yes, HBO makes considerably more money than Showtime. Fred, what is the number on Showtime right now?
Sumner Redstone: We don't break out the segment numbers.
Leslie Moonves: Right, right. It is part of the TV segment, but there is a lot of upside to this.
Sumner Redstone: There is a tremendous amount.
Leslie Moonves: There is a lot of upside, we don't make nearly as much as HBO but we are growing every year, and I think this original programming is absolutely going to help us in terms of that. In terms of first quarter scatter, one thing -- and as Fred said, this is a screwy first quarter. In February -- by the way, this has all changed recently -- in February of this year, we have the Olympics, we have the Academy Awards, we have the Super Bowl and we have the Grammies, all squished together. I know the Academy Awards is the beginning of March, but it is sort of all together in one month. It used to be, Super Bowl was January, the Academy Awards was April and the Olympics only comes around in February once every four years. So it is hard to ascertain what the scatter market is. All we know is, as we head towards the rest of the season we are starting to get a great deal of post-Olympic interest, and we are starting to get very high rates for our scatter post-Olympic so we are very excited. We've held our power, so we have original programming through March, April and May and we expect the scatter market to be very, very strong for us.
 Kathy Styponias - Prudential Securities: Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Andy Baker at Cathay Financial.
 Andy Baker - Cathay Financial: Thank you very much. A couple of questions. Could you just give us a sense of how much revenue might be at risk -- on the money-losing transit contracts, if you were to get out of those -- and then how much potential there is on the profit side for getting out of money-losing contracts. That is one. Secondly, on Showtime, can you just remind us when your studio deals expire?
Leslie Moonves: I will do the Showtime question first. Most of the deals expire within a couple of years, within two years. So that is very exciting for us as we look to the future, because we are going to have more freedom to do what we want to do and get the product we want on Showtime. Once again, another reason why we are confident Showtime can grow considerably.
Fred Reynolds: And Andy, on your transit comment, this is sort of like addition by subtraction. I am not as worried, and Leslie is not as worried, about the revenue. That is why in Outdoor maybe the revenue growth wasn't as strong but the profit growth is very strong. We don't want profitless revenue. We want to make a lot of money on all of our contracts and if they don't meet the hurdle, we don't bid. So again, I think you should be focused on that too. We are going to have a lot more profitability out of outdoor, it is going to have a strong '06.
 Andy Baker - Cathay Financial: Can you give us a sense of how much the unprofitable contracts have been draining from your bottom line then, over the past year?
Fred Reynolds: Let's say it has certainly put a damper on the profit growth of Outdoor. My guess is in at least 4 or 5 points of growth, and maybe more depending on the year. It has at least been 4 or 5 points of growth on the bottom line.
 Andy Baker - Cathay Financial: Thanks a lot.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Arian Mueller with Credit Suisse.
 Arian Mueller - Credit Suisse First Boston: Thank you, good morning. Two questions. One, can you give an update on the potential sale of theme parks? Are you looking at publishing perhaps, as we saw Warner Books go to Lagardere recently? Secondly, I am trying to model free cash flow going forward using the various components. You have talked about working capital, but could you talk about taxes, CapEx. On taxes, do you have NOLs? What kind of effective tax rate should we model forward? Thank you.
Fred Reynolds: I will take both. On parks the process is underway. We have a number of interested parties that are going to be looking at the business over the next several weeks and hopefully by some time in the second half of this year we will have a very attractive proposal from suitors to buy. Leslie does -- and I think we all agree that Simon and Schuster is a good content company, and particularly you can get real excited about the digital devices that come down that are going to be wanting to have something in those devices, such as the electronic books. I don't think that is something that we would want to consider because of the content aspect. As far as the tax rate, I think you ought to assume a 42% tax provision. We are working hard to get that down. It is a tick or two higher than we had when we were combined with Viacom, because we don't have as much exposure outside of the U.S. in low-tax countries. We are working feverishly both at the state and local level and on federal to see if we can't work on that. You ought to assume a tax rate in the 42% range. I think that answers --
Leslie Moonves: CapEx.
Fred Reynolds: And CapEx should be just -- thank you, Leslie, I am getting old and I forgot the question. The CapEx should be just slightly higher than this year, as we showed in the release today. For the year it was $376 million. We are only going to be up slightly higher because of the timing difference. We are building a new station out in L.A. We sold the Chicago station this year and we sold the [takeout] station this year, but the building of the new one is next year. So it is probably going to be about $20 million to $25 million more. It may not be that high, but you should sort of count on that. We hope to beat it.
 Arian Mueller - Credit Suisse First Boston: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: We will go next to Anthony Noto with Goldman Sachs.
Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much. There have been a lot of questions about free cash flow, and I was wondering for 2006 if you could just lay out a target for EBITDA to free cash flow conversion, both with and without the pension liability? The second question, obviously most investors are going to look past these write downs and impairment charges. I was just wondering, there has been a lot in your statements about upside and guarantees. I was wondering if I could bait you into giving us a target for ROIC for the next couple of years? As you do acquisitions, if you will commit to disclosing what the internal rate of return on that acquisition is from a forecasted standpoint in the components? Thanks.
Fred Reynolds: Anthony -- I will take that, Leslie. Thanks, Anthony. We don't really give an outlook on the free cash flow, but again we are focused on making sure the OIBDA converts at a high rate to free cash flow and again, our commitment is to really work our assets to get more cash out of them. I think you can count on that. I think because of just the timing of the pension investments and all of the things that we do to pre-fund the pension plan, I think it would be difficult right now to give you that kind of guidance. As we make the decisions, we will certainly communicate them so you won' t be guessing where we went on that. On ROIC, I think at this point, we introduced to all of our management that we are looking very closely -- and as Leslie said at the outset, this is something he is focused on every day -- so we've introduced to our management that we are going to look at return on invested capital with the goodwill, without the goodwill, so that we can drive that return. Clearly our goal is to exceed our cost of capital by a lot. If you take goodwill out -- which I can't do, Leslie can't do and Sumner because that is our shareholders' money -- but if you take that out, a low teens kind of return on invested capital with a cost of capital around -- some of you have us at 9%, some 8.5% but somewhere between 8.5% and 9%. Obviously as you load in now some $30 billion of goodwill, we are below that cost of capital. That is unacceptable to us and it is unacceptable to our shareholders.
Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs: Great, thank you.
Marty Shea: We will take one more question, please.
Operator: That question will come from Michael Nathanson with Sanford Bernstein.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks. I have one for Fred, and it is following up on Anthony's question. Rather than talking about forward-looking commentary on conversion rates, the question I think people are trying to struggle with is, in '05 specifically, how much benefit was working capital as a real number? And then what was the pension investment in '05 that you guys put through?
Fred Reynolds: We did use some working capital, but not a significant amount. So it wasn't a negative, in other words it wasn't a source but we did use some working capital. We did not make and we are not required to make a pension investment in 2005. We are not required to make a pension investment in 2006, however in January I think we noted this in a previous meeting, we did put $50 million into the pension plan. So it is a pre-funding and it is tax deductible. We are going to look at that again as a source, a use of our free cash flow. We think, and I think many of you believe, that is a pretty good return on our investment. It is a low teens, I calculated around 13% IRR on pre-funding it. As long as we get the tax deduction -- and you can't over pre-fund because then you don't get a tax deduction. There is a corridor in which you have to stay within in order to get a tax deduction. So we put in $50 million, we will likely put in more this year, but some analysts have said we should fund it all up in one fell swoop. That won't happen this year because we won't get a tax deduction.
Marty Shea: Thank you very much for joining us this morning. Deborah and I will be around for the rest of the day to answer any more questions. Have a good day, everyone. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation, you may disconnect at this time.
