===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-29 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded, and if anyone has an objection, you should disconnect at this time. I'd now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Preston Feight, Chief Executive Officer; Harrie Schippers, President and Chief Financial Officer; Kevin Baney, Executive Vice President; and Brice Poplawski, Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls, we ask that any members of the media on the line participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties that may affect expected results. For additional information, please see our SEC filings at the Investor Relations page of paccar.com. I would now like to introduce Preston Feight.
Preston Feight: Thanks, Ken. Good morning, everyone. First, I'd like to congratulate Harrie Schippers on his upcoming retirement after a wonderful 39-year career at PACCAR. We all miss him. And we wish him all the best on the next chapter in his life. Congratulations to Kevin Baney, our Executive Vice President, who's been responsible for DAF Trucks and will now become responsible for PACCAR Financial Services. Kevin will also work with Ken on Investor Relations. And congratulations to Brice, who has been promoted to PACCAR's Senior Vice President and CFO, reporting directly to me. I'd like to thank PACCAR's outstanding employees who did an excellent job, providing our customers with the highest quality trucks and transportation solutions in the industry. PACCAR achieved good revenues and net income in the first quarter, including record revenues at PACCAR Parts, good performance by the truck divisions and strong financial services results. PACCAR achieved revenues of $7.4 billion and adjusted net income of $770 million. The PACCAR Parts achieved record quarterly revenues of $1.7 billion and quarterly pretax income of $427 million. We are pleased with the continued growth at PACCAR Parts after a record-setting 2024. PACCAR Financial had a very good quarter, achieving pretax income of $121 million to 6% higher than the $114 million in the first quarter of last year. We estimate this year's U.S. and Canadian Class 8 market to be in a range of 235,000 to 265,000 trucks. The North American truck market is being affected by uncertain economic conditions and the overall impact of new tariffs. In Europe, DAFs premium aerodynamic trucks provide customers with the latest technology and the best operating efficiency. We project the 2025 European above 16-ton market to be in the range of 270,000 to 300,000 trucks. This year, South American above 16-ton truck market where DAF trucks are highly desired by our customers is expected to be in a range of 100,000 to 110,000 vehicles. PACCAR delivered 40,100 trucks during the first quarter, and anticipate delivering 37,000 to 39,000 trucks in the second quarter. PACCAR's truck parts and other gross margins were 14.8% in the first quarter as economic uncertainties and tariffs began affecting input costs and truck pricing. With the full quarter of current tariff-related impacts, we anticipate second quarter margins could be in a range of 13% to 14%. Margins could improve considerably depending on how the announced truck tariff policy investigation progresses. In the second half of the year, we anticipate increased customer demand as policy and emissions regulations become more stable. PACCAR's industry-leading trucks, expanding parts business, best-in-class financial services and advanced technology strategy, position the company well for an excellent future. Harrie Schippers will now provide an update on PACCAR Parts, PACCAR Financial Services and other business highlights. Harrie, over to you one last time.
Harrie Schippers: Thanks, Preston. PACCAR's first quarter adjusted net income of $770 million excludes a $265 million after-tax provision related to EU civil litigation settlements. PACCAR is making good progress on resolving the civil litigation. The company has settled with the majority of claimants and continues to pursue appropriate resolutions. PACCAR Parts achieved record revenues in the first quarter, with excellent gross margins of 30.7%. We estimate part sales to grow by 2% to 4% in the second quarter and for the full-year. PACCAR Parts is beginning to benefit from the life data of the 600,000 connected Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF trucks in operation. This connectivity enhances our customers' operational efficiency, and vehicle uptime. PACCAR Parts has 20 parts distribution centers worldwide and continues to expand its global distribution network. PACCAR Financial Services pretax income was a robust $121 million compared to $114 million a year earlier. This reflects solid portfolio growth and continued strong credit quality. PACCAR Financial operates 13 used truck centers around the world to support the sale of Premium, Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF used trucks and is building a new used truck center in Warsaw, Poland this year. Used truck demand and pricing improved in the first quarter, and we expect it to further improve throughout the year. Similar to PACCAR Parts, PACCAR Financial provides steady profitability during all phases of the business cycle. In 2025, we are planning capital investments in the range of $700 million to $800 million, and R&D expenses in the range of $450 million to $480 million as we continue to invest in key technology and innovation projects. These include next-generation powertrains, advanced driver assistance systems and integrated connected vehicle services. PACCAR is also investing in manufacturing capacity to support future long-term growth and our customers' success. This includes an expansion of the DAF factory in Brazil, construction of a new PACCAR engine remanufacturing facility in Columbus, Mississippi and an expansion of the PACCAR Technical Center in Washington State. As Preston noted, this is my last earnings conference call. PACCAR is an exceptional company, and I want to thank all my colleagues past and present for making it such a wonderful place to have a career. We are pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Chad Dillard of Bernstein. Chad, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Charles Dillard: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Preston Feight: Hey, Chad.
Charles Dillard: Hey. So I wanted to dig a little bit more into your guidance for gross margins. I was hoping you could tease out just how much are you embedding in terms of incremental tariff costs and how much you expect to pass through to customers? And then just talk through how you're thinking about gross margins for the balance of the year, please?
Preston Feight: Yes, Chad, as we shared in our comments, it's a little bit uncertain out there right now in terms of what the tariff policies will look like. You may or may not be following how they apply to truck specifically, but last week, the government announced a Section 232 investigation into tariffs for medium and heavy-duty trucks to value what their policies would be. There's an open comment period through the middle of May and then they haven't declared when they would make any kind of revision to those policies, but they're under review, which could have a meaningful impact to what the impact is on a per truck basis. And obviously, that's an input cost to us right now. So it could have a shaping form factor for us in Q2 and beyond. And kind of hard to actually know what the exact numbers are going to be because of that uncertainty. But we think that right now, we are an American company that builds our trucks in the markets for the markets. So our teams in Denton and Chillicothe have done a great job building trucks for us for the U.S. markets, but there are components that come into those factories from our suppliers, from other countries. And so we don't know how they would be affected.
Charles Dillard: Got it. That's helpful. And then just over to the vocation side of your business. I know that you guys tend to over-index to that part of the market. I would just be curious on how you're thinking about contribution from there as you go through the balance of the year?
Preston Feight: Yes. It's still a solid part of our business right now. I mean the vocational market is reasonable. And so it feels like that will continue to be a strength throughout the year. We'll see how that plays. The LTL market still also feels stable. And I think everybody kind of is aware that the truckload carriers are still under some pressure. And so that pressure is something that we feel in the market estimations for the year.
Charles Dillard: Okay. Thanks. I'll pass it on.
Preston Feight: Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jamie Cook of Truist. Jamie, your line is open. Please proceed with your question.
Jamie Cook: Hi. Good morning. I guess if you could just unpack a little further the margin disappointment relative to – I mean, your deliveries were essentially in line with expectations. The margins were later relative to your guide. I know you talked about input costs and truck pricing, if you can unpack that more and let us know what price cost was for both truck and parts? I guess that's my first question. And then next question. Just your comfort level with inventory levels – some of the industry experts, the inventory levels are really elevated. And I'm wondering if that's a concern in years how that impacts orders? And if you could comment on your order specifically? And then last, congratulations to Harrie. Thank you for all your help throughout the years. And congrats Brice, look forward to working with you. Thanks.
Harrie Schippers: Thank you.
Preston Feight: Well, Jamie, it's nice to recognize Harrie. We're all going to miss him greatly, yes, he is a good guy. To pick up on your first question, I mean, I think your words unpack a little bit further. If I think about the margin, I think of sequentially and cost being up 1% and price being relatively flat. And that's really a factor of the tariff impacts that we saw, but they weren't a full quarter of impact of those tariffs. That's the easiest way to think about the delta of what we shared previously and what we experienced today. And now what we see coming into a look for Q2 is we took the conservative view we shared with you is to say that if there's a full quarter of tariff impacts that could look like this. Now life isn't quite that straightforward because we'll also be pricing those tariffs into our customers' trucks as we go along, but we do have the backlog that we have to manage, and we can't just pass that along as we have relationships with people. So there's a partial pass along, and we're working with our suppliers on that as well. So it's kind of a few inputs and a few outputs out of this. And we see that over time, we'll be adjusting our pricing to match the tariffs, but it takes some time to do that or as we mentioned, the tariffs might change, and that would reduce the need to make those adjustments.
Jamie Cook: Did you guys put through the 4% to 7% that's out there – sorry, go ahead. Go ahead.
Preston Feight: Go ahead, Jamie.
Jamie Cook: No, I was just going to say a follow-up. There's been talk that the industry has put through an incremental, I think, 4% to 7% price increase at the end of the first quarter, wondering if you were in if you also were putting price increases through at that level? And then, sorry, you can answer after that, the question on the elevated inventories.
Preston Feight: Yes. Inventory. Yes, for sure. Yes, your numbers are about the right numbers to think about in terms of what's been passed along. You just have to get into the sequencing of when you announce a price increase, when you're going to build it and what your backlog was that already was behind that. So you don't affect all of that, and that's the puts and takes of that. If I switch over to your question on inventory levels, we look at the inventory for Class 8 for the industry is around four months and we're at 3.1 months. And then I think back to the earlier conversation we had with Chad, we have a lot of vocational trucks. So we're probably actually lighter on a like-for-like comparison because vocational trucks take a longer time to get a body put on and put back into service or put into service. So we feel pretty comfortable with our three months of retail inventory.
Jamie Cook: Thank you. That was very helpful.
Preston Feight: Great. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Feniger of Bank of America. Michael, your line is open. Please proceed.
Michael Feniger: Thank you. Thanks, guys for taking my question. Just on the EPA emissions change, if there is a change in 27, how does that inform your view in terms of how you guys are looking at your cost as the truck markets soft. So is this a time when you guys normally might pull back more costs to protect margins? Or is there an eye on 2026 where we – if there is a view that the EPA 27 is still intact, that we have to build towards that. So just kind of curious how that also is shaping your guys' kind of view as you kind of go through 2025?
Preston Feight: Yes. Great conversation for us to have together. I think as we think about the regulatory standards, there's a lot that gets mixed into that conversation. And it's really not one conversation. It's really a couple of parts to that. One is greenhouse gas or CO2 reductions, which have a standard, which is intended to come into effect in 2027. So that's where you see an ACT impact, clean truck impact. The EPA has stated that they intend to look at those standards and potentially not implement GHG Phase III in 2027. That would mean the number of electric vehicles, the kind of CO2 reductions that come with that could be adjusted. That's not what they've done yet, but that's what they've made a stated intent to address. Those changes really don't have a significant input cost change for us in terms of vehicle costs. So the trucks that are GHG compliant aren't – don't look at like the diesel trucks that are GHG compliant don't have a real different cost structure in 2027. So if those changes are made, there might just be less requirements for EVs made. That's a part one of this regulatory discussion. The part two of the regulatory discussion is around NOx and the NOx standards which are in place call for a reduction from today's 200-milligram engines down to a 35-milligram engine. That's the law that's in place today. If that law enacts then cost of the vehicles will go up significantly, because there'll be additional hardware required to meet those NOx levels. The government has said they intend to look at that and consider whether that will stay at 200 milligrams or excuse me, move to 335 milligrams or stay at today's 200 milligrams. And that's less clear that there would be really an adjustment there. The good thing for PACCAR is we've made great investments in clean diesel technology along the way, never adjusted from that, as we've shared with you over the years. And so we're prepared for any of these situations that come up. We've got great engines for today that meet the NOx standard at today's cost structure. We've got new engines designed and running that can meet the 35-milligram NOx standard and they come with [indiscernible] cost. So whichever way the standards go, we'll be in a very good position to meet those for our customers. And of course, what the government does will inform the market's reaction. And so what we look at is a today's numbers, or 35 milligrams that would drive up the cost of a product in 2027, and we're prepared for that. If it changes, we'll be in good shape, too.
Michael Feniger: Understood. If I could just – my follow-up, just if you could kind of dive into the parts side. It seems like the growth was a little slower than we expected. Margins, just – are we starting to kind of normalize here? What do you kind of see when we think of the parts margins on a year-over-year sequential basis, how we kind of think about that profitability anything you just kind of think about that as we're thinking for the full-year and into Q2, but for 2025? Thank you.
Harrie Schippers: We were very proud of the parts team that they've been able to grow part sales in the first quarter than in a soft market for parts and service. And the margin levels of above 30%. That's a pretty good margin for PACCAR Parts. And we think in there's an amazing job getting solid good margins out of a soft market these days. And we expect parts to continue that growth throughout the year at levels between 2% and 4%.
Preston Feight: I would add to everything Harrie said makes perfect sense, and I'd say he shared in his opening comments, the number of connected vehicles we have now and the number of connected vehicles and the technology that our parts team is bringing gives us a great confidence that parts will continue to grow over the short, medium and long term at good levels.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tami Zakaria of JPMorgan. Tami, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Tami Zakaria: Hey. Good morning to all and congrats to Kevin on the new role. And Harrie, what an exemplary career at PACCAR? And I will definitely miss you, but best of luck. I'm sure great things await you. So I wanted to ask a question on tariffs again. I just wanted to clarify, and I appreciate the situation is very fluid, but it seems like there aren't any potential Section 232 tariffs embedded in the second quarter gross margin guide. Is that correct? And if so, what's essentially embedded in that 13% to 14%. Does it include the now post tariffs, which could become effective at any point next month. So what's really in that 13% to 14% guide?
Preston Feight: 13% to 14% includes tariffs as they are today, is the impact of what's going on there. So that's as it is, as the rules are today, that's what we've given you. The Section 232 adjustments could include impact on foreign-made trucks. It could include impact on components. It could also include exemptions on components for U.S.-made trucks. None of that is clear. And so we have to wait and see what that looks like.
Harrie Schippers: But I think it's okay to summarize that the impact overall – the overall impact would be less unfavorable or even favorable. Is that...
Preston Feight: I think that's a fair way to say and that's kind of – we tried to give you that conservative look at the quarter with the standards of today because we know what we know. And if the rules change, then we think that if anything, it should be upside for us.
Tami Zakaria: Understood. That's very helpful. And then in the same thread, I wanted to understand the impact – potential impact of tax on the parts business. I know that you don't manufacture parts yourself, but any color on what mix of parts come into the U.S. from the outside? And how much is locally sourced and whether you have to take pricing to offset some of these tariff headwinds on the cost of procurement.
Preston Feight: Yes.
Harrie Schippers: The present will continue. But for parts, we don't have a backlog. So if we get cost increases for parts, it's much easier to pass those on with almost immediate effect. So it has less of a margin impact there. There is parts that are sourced and are impacted by tariffs, but we're working with the suppliers. And if and when those costs for us would go up, we would increase prices accordingly.
Preston Feight: Yes. And just to give you a ballpark, I'd say, less than half of our purchases are really from maybe country of origin outside the U.S. parts it's a little bit higher percentage than nominal, but it's not the majority. Because as you said, we actually do make some of our parts, right? The proprietary part are, in many cases, things we do make for ourselves and do get made in America.
Tami Zakaria: Understood. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rob Wertheimer of Melius Research. Rob, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Rob Wertheimer: Thank you. My first question is on the Section 232 tariff truck policy investigation. Is the potential positive there a relative one because you make more trucks in the U.S., I suppose, than some of your competitors? Or is it more of an industry comment you were making where they could kind of offset some of the hit to purchase parts from overseas?
Preston Feight: I think it could be both, Rob. I think yours is an astute observation, but I think it could be both. It could be a relative and it could be an absolute.
Rob Wertheimer: Okay. Perfect. Thank you. And the second one is going to be a little bit general. But you mentioned you have the truck backlog, you're not repricing those instantly for tariffs. I'm a little bit curious how are you managing through this fairly dynamic environment? I mean when you know the tariff, are you pricing that immediately into current orders? Or do you not because the tariff could change by the time the truck gets made and delivered. And a little bit, if you're willing the same question on, do you anticipate any margin impacts on – from production variances from supply chain from when you order and when you choose to order depending on tariff I mean, is that a potential margin risk towards the end of the year or not? If I don't get back on the line, I'd just like to say, Harrie, congratulations. It's been a pleasure talking with you over the years, and thank you for everything.
Harrie Schippers: Thanks, Rob.
Preston Feight: Yes. I think that all the things you said in terms of the pricing structures and the timing for them are all through, but there's not a single 30-second answer I could give you about how they affect things. There are times when we have a backlog, we're protecting. There's times when component prices are coming in. There's times when we know what they're going to be. There's times when it's a little bit uncertain. We're still defining HTS codes, which is what the government defines the tariff structures around, and so we're deciding whether those specific components or subassemblies are USMCA compliant. That's having some impact. So I really can't give you a better answer than it's pretty dynamic right now. And the beautiful thing about being part of this company is having great people who are thinking about it every day, and we work closely with our suppliers on this. I think collaboratively with our suppliers, our dealers, our customers and this great team, we feel like we've got our fingers really on the pulse of it and are right on top of it.
Rob Wertheimer: Understood. Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Volkmann of Jefferies. Steve, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Stephen Volkmann: Thank you very much and my congratulations as well, Harrie. You're going to miss this, believe it or not. And my question is I can see you shaking your head there. Anyway....
Harrie Schippers: I said I know I will, Steve. I know I will miss this, Steve…
Stephen Volkmann: All right. Well, anyway, I'm curious – I know there's a lot of moving pieces on the tariffs here. Assuming nothing changes on 232, they just – that doesn't happen and what's in place today stands. Is it reasonable to assume that gross margins will be the lowest of the year in the second quarter and then sort of improve as the year progresses as pricing comes in?
Preston Feight: Well, like you know we're in a really uncertain economic time and tariff time. So guiding the second quarter is something more than even a lot of people are doing, asking me to go out into Q3 and Q4 and forecast that. I'm very reluctant to that. We do feel like we have a great strategy in place and that the more time passes than we're likely are to get that in place. And we do feel like the market will strengthen as we get into the second half of the year. So if you want to suppose that into improving margins, I think that's a fair supposition.
Harrie Schippers: Building our trucks in the U.S. for the U.S. at the end of the day, that should be a good thing for us.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay. And then I don't know if Preston, this is what you were thinking, but I'm curious how you're thinking about the potential for prebuys. And now it feels like there could be two flavors here. One, ahead of any emission changes. I think we've talked about that on previous calls. I'm curious for an updated thought there. But we might also see some pre-buys if this 232 thing comes in and people want to buy the pre-tariff trucks off the lot, maybe, I don't know, just any thoughts in that direction would be great?
Preston Feight: I don't really see that commentary on the Section 232, the buying the trucks off a lot because we're really building trucks for customers, so they have a customer name on them. And the consideration of Section 232 is whether there would be tariffs applied to trucks built outside of the U.S. and then how they would treat components that are coming into trucks that are built in the U.S. So I don't really think there's kind of a pre-buy scenario around tariffs that I would envision. I would say that regarding the regulatory standards, as we shared, if there is a current NOx standard implemented or if there's a NOx standard change implemented in 2027. So a move from 200-milligram engines to 35-milligram engines, that will affect hardware on trucks, which will drive up costs on trucks. And so that could drive customer buying patterns into 2026. The thing is nobody knows that right now because the rule is in place, the law is in place around the 35-milligram NOx standard, but there is a statement made that they're considering opening it back up. And we recognize that on cost for our customers, makes their lives difficult. So we're well positioned to offer our customers a 200-milligram engine if that's what's legally allowed. And we also recognize that the government says it's going to be 35-milligram engines. We have great engines to offer them there, too.
Stephen Volkmann: Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Fisher of UBS. Steven, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Steven Fisher: Thanks very much. And I'll, of course, add my thank you to Harrie and congratulations. It's been a real pleasure. Just from a backlog perspective, and ordering, what kind of visibility do you guys have to Q2 to Q4 at this point? We've heard some anecdotes about it's really challenging for buyers to kind of step up and place orders at the moment. So I'm curious what kind of visibility and what's the fill out look like at this point? And how does that vary between North America and Europe?
Preston Feight: Yes. Sure. I think we're in the kind of a normal pattern for ourselves of where we are in the market cycle, and we have substantially full in the second quarter, taking orders through the third and fourth quarter right now. Could say that this actually comparable between the U.S. and Europe in terms of backlog, kind of that substantially full in the second quarter and starting to think through the third quarter right now. And I agree with your comments that the customers are trying to discern what their buying pattern should be and what the tariff policies will be. And so they're kind of contemplative of that, and it's affecting some people's buying patterns. But listen, the trucks we're building today are the most efficient trucks we've ever built, and they're good for operating costs and the customers love them. So there is that pull towards those trucks as well.
Steven Fisher: That makes sense. And then just on the parts growth. I'm just curious what do you think is going to drive the acceleration in that in the – in Q2 and for the rest of the year? What kind of sort of freight conditions you're assuming for that? And then I know you've mentioned a couple of times about general improvement for the second half of the year. Just curious, I guess, beyond parts, what are you assuming is going to change to drive that improvement? Thank you.
Preston Feight: I just think the general comment, the last one first. It feels to me like our customers, truckload customers have been kind of a long period of low rates – and yet there's still a lot of ton miles being driven. So trucks are being used and kind of back to what I just stated before is like the trucks we're building today are the most efficient, highest performing trucks we've ever built. And so there is a desire for those trucks, especially as their older trucks continue to accumulate miles. I'd also add that we're seeing – the used truck market start to show some good signs of pricing in the U.S. And so that's an upside for people to think about turning their fleets also. So if there's a good residual value on their truck and there always is for the PACCAR premium trucks, then that's helpful to them to think about how they want to do their second half buys.
Steven Fisher: Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Raso of Evercore. David, your line is open. Please go ahead.
David Raso: Hi. Thank you for the time. And obviously, thank you, Harrie, for all the meetings and time in Europe together and obviously, congrats to you and Kevin. First question, production versus retail 2Q, how are you thinking about your deliveries, your production versus retail? And sort of how do you think about production versus retail for the rest of the year? And then I have a quick follow-up about the sequential pattern of cost versus price.
Preston Feight: Production versus retail, I think they're pretty much in good position with each other. We already talked about inventory levels for us being in a reasonable position. So I think production versus retail, there's not a lot of step change between the two of them. And then your sequential question is what specifically, David.
David Raso: And that's the full-year comment on production versus retail, just to clarify the first part. That's a comment basically for the rest of the year, not just 2Q. You're pretty comfortable production.
Preston Feight: Well, I would say more specifically to Q2. I'd say it more specifically to 2Q, but I think it does generally apply to the full-year.
David Raso: Okay. Then a follow-up. The math you're implying sequentially is, say, revenue is down $250 million, $270 million sequentially, but gross profit is down $190 million, right? So a pretty challenging decremental sequentially. But when I think about that, is the second quarter getting full tariff impact from what we know now, not speculating about future tariffs. Is it a full quarter of tariff hit but not a full benefit from the pricing actions you're expected to take? So would the idea be by third quarter, that negative sequential gross margin, all else equal, should get better? Or is it now we're getting what we can on price in 2Q and that quarter hit on tariffs, it doesn't really necessarily get any better in 3Q. Just trying to get a sense of that negative sequential how painful is that? Or is that just sort of the way to think about the rest of the year?
Preston Feight: David, I can always count on you to come up with some good analysis for us. And once again, didn't disappoint. I would say that your assessment is about correct, is like the sequential change is really because of the full quarter impact of the tariffs without the ability to fully pass that into price. And then as we see stability in tariff policy going forward, you would expect to see the pass on of price and cost to be more aligned.
David Raso: Okay. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Preston Feight: Great question. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Angel Castillo of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Please proceed with your questions.
Angel Castillo: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. And Harrie, I just want to echo everybody else, congratulations and wish you all the best. Maybe just to continue to unpack that a little bit more the 2Q. Could you just maybe parse out how much of that is maybe volume related, the contraction in gross profit margins sequentially, how much of that is volume versus the tariff flow through you're talking about? And if you could talk about also the deliveries you're guiding to for 2Q by region, that would be helpful.
Preston Feight: I would say that, of course, when you have – if there's a few less trucks in the quarter, that could have some impact. But I would say it's mostly more to do with the discussion around tariffs is driving it. So that feels more likely to be the talking point. And then in a by-region standpoint, I think the North America or U.S., Canada feels relatively flat in deliveries, similar to Europe. What we've seen is the Mexico market is really kind of given a pause right now, and that pause is probably because their economy can be impacted by the trade discussions that are ongoing. So customers are hesitant there. And that's really the biggest number change between deliveries in Q1 and Q2.
Angel Castillo: Got it. That's very helpful. And then could you maybe – on the tariff side, there's been a lot of discussion around the pricing ability. But maybe could you touch on just your – the levers or the ability to maybe mitigate some of these potential headwinds kind of near term as you think about either cost management or other kind of initiatives you can implement? And just more broadly, strategy-wise, how should we think about just all of this uncertainty impacting your desire to either invest or the location or maybe the areas that you choose to invest in going forward, right? I saw the R&D reduction. So just a broader discussion there would be helpful.
Preston Feight: I would frame the investment appetite we have is to continue making great investments on the products that we have for the future with no real deviation in that approach. We love what our business plans and product plans look like for the next five years. And so we'll continue making those investments because we have great returns for our customers and our company and our shareholders. So no change there at all, high confidence in those product developments that's what I would share on that one. And can you remind me again your first question?
Angel Castillo: Yes. Just on the tariffs, just anything that you can do in terms of levers that you can pull for cost management or other ways to kind of mitigate some of the margin pressure?
Preston Feight: Yes. I mean, we work closely with our suppliers. Obviously, as one of the key elements we can do here. So where are components coming from? And are they USMCA qualified? So does that mean they have an HC code applied to them, skip the acronym. Do they have a code applied to them and an understanding that they are USMCA compliant? And if they do, then that reduces the tariff impact, that's really dynamic because you're talking about not just first tier, but second and third-tier suppliers. So I think we have a great team of people working on this cost management programs in partnership with our wonderful suppliers. Together, they're controlling costs in the best way possible. And we think there is some potential to mitigate some of those costs, no matter what the scenario.
Angel Castillo: Very helpful. Thank you.
Preston Feight: Great.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kyle Menges of Citi. Kyle, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Kyle Menges: Thank you. And I'll echo everyone else, congrats on the retirement, Harrie and best wishes. I was hoping if you guys could, again, just elaborate on the gross margin in the quarter and just what's embedded in the guide for 2Q. And I think just more specifically, I'm trying to get a handle on the cost inflation you're seeing and what could actually be, I guess, stickier notwithstanding tariff impacts? Just kind of thinking about what could maybe be a little bit stickier on the cost inflation side, just in kind of the big buckets of raw materials, components, labor and I guess, anything else to call out?
Preston Feight: Yes. I feel like we've done a pretty good job of explaining everything we can around gross margins for Q1 to Q2. And I think that most of the impacts are really related to the cost impact and most of the Q2 cost impact is assigned to tariffs. And I think we've kind of shared quite a bit on that. I'm not sure what else I could add on that. I don't know if anybody else would.
Harrie Schippers: On the other cost elements, we've seen costs being flat, good productivity flow through our cost reduction efforts. We have cost production CMP programs going along with a lot of our suppliers and productivity in the factories is going well, too with off-line inventories at low levels. Production is pretty smooth in most factories. So yes, from that perspective, things are moving well along.
Kyle Menges: Okay. Got it. And then I just wanted to dig into the parts growth a little bit more for the second quarter, expecting anything up 2% to 4%. Just a little surprised by that, I guess, with deliveries implied down 20 and then freight activity could be fairly muted. So just help me understand what gives you confidence in parts growth of that 2% to 4%. I guess, is a lot of it pricing?
Harrie Schippers: Some of isn’t pricing. So if you look at the – the first quarter, sequentially, pricing was up like 2.5%. Cost was up similar, but the price increase of between 2% and 3%, of course, that helps with revenue growth as well.
Kyle Menges: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tim Thein of Raymond James. Tim, your line is open. Please proceed.
Timothy Thein: Great. Thank you. Good morning. Maybe just to start as an update just from the standpoint of your – sorry, your footprint in North America and just thinking, again, obviously, hard to know where the tariff wins are going to blow. But as we sit here today, I'm just curious if the company is thinking of any changes to the footprint with respect to the Canadian and Mexican output? And then I guess related to that, there's been some capacity increases that have been put forth. And I'm just thinking – I'm curious if you're rethinking those or how you're approaching those with the potential that maybe the market sizes aren’t as large as maybe what we would have thought a year or so ago. So kind of a two-part question just on the North American capacity and footprint?
Preston Feight: Thanks, Tim. Thanks for the question. Footprint in North America is really well positioned. I think we have a great Peterbilt factory, a principal Peterbilt refractory in Denton, Texas, fantastic people, fantastic investments we've made there, brought up the efficiencies. Chillicothe, Ohio, also does a great job for us for our Kenworth factory for Class 8. We have our plant in Renton, Washington, which has capacity for us. Those are the principal three Class 8 truck plants that we use for North America, for U.S. production. And then we have our plant in Mexico, which basically produces a lot for the Mexican market. That's its biggest space that we've done, and we've made great investments in that because the market down there is good, and we're the market leader in Mexico. And then we have our St. Torres factory. We've made investments there. And that's a great factory with good people in it, too. So we feel like the footprint – we probably have the best footprint of anybody, I think, and we feel very proud of our people and the great work they do in those factories. We can't give them enough of a shout out for how good they are, especially in dynamic times. And then I would say the capital investments we've made around capacity will be well served for us, right? We don't think about quarters of our investments, we think about years and providing great values to our customers and being able to build the trucks they want from us, better, cleaner, more efficient trucks, and that's what those investments have been centered around. And so they're going to be good for our shareholders, good for our customers, good for our dealers and good for PACCAR.
Timothy Thein: Okay. Thank you, Preston. And just on the medium-duty market, obviously, it's becoming a bigger one and a more important one for PACCAR in recent years. The outlook for 90,000 to 100,000 units in 2025, was that altered in terms of how you're thinking about the market size this year?
Preston Feight: No, we still think that's the market size for the medium-duty market.
Timothy Thein: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs. Jerry, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi. Good morning, everyone. Congratulations, Harrie, Brice and Kevin. Can I ask in terms of the impact of tariffs that we spoke to over the course of this call, so over the past two quarters, your profit per truck as a result of the tariffs is down about $5,000 for 2Q versus 4Q roughly. Based on where you're putting trucks in March and April, is it fair to say you're going to make up a big chunk of that headwind based on the mid-single-digit number for pricing that you quoted Preston, that sounds like you should be able to make really good progress in 3Q relative to that number. But I'm wondering if you could put a finer point on that?
Preston Feight: Yes, Jerry, I think I understand the math you're doing, I think it's really hard to see what Q3 is going to look like right now simply because we – I think we really should wait and see what the tariff policy is and what the changes might be to it. And it will be a lot easier to talk about that once we have that clarity for ourselves. So I think that – let's just hang on that question for a little bit and see what the policies become.
Jerry Revich: Okay. Fair enough. And then in terms of your production flexibility, you could make any truck at any plant if you want to, depending on how tariffs go, to what extent could it make sense to make medium-duty trucks in the U.S. plant? In other words, what kind of impact on productivity would it make if you just increase the variability SKU if you choose to move in that direction?
Preston Feight: Yes. I mean, you said we have the flexibilities in our plans, which is great, but we like the way we have our build laid out right now and don't have any plans to change that.
Jerry Revich: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Kauffman of Vertical Research Partners. Jeff, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Kauffman: Thank you very much. And like everybody else, Harrie, Best of luck in retirement. Congratulations to Kevin and Brice. I feel like the tariff and EPA questions have been beaten pretty hard here. So I want to go back to your comment, which I thought was great, which is, look, freight still moving and ton miles are still up, and this is really kind of a tariff cost impact and at the end of the day, we still got to move freight. So I guess my takeaway is despite the uncertainty and despite people delaying decisions, I think would your view be over a three to five-year period that there’s unlikely to be any destruction in truck demand over the long-term?
Preston Feight: Jeff, I think that's the right observation to make, right? America, over 70% of the product in America is moved by trucks, is still going to be moved by trucks in the next three to five years and trucks are wearout items. And the trucks we build become more and more efficient, which increases people's desire to have them. So the number of trucks over that period of time is going to be constant. We expect our percentage to grow over time because we build the very best trucks, and that becomes increasingly important. We are the best dealers. And so we expect that that's going to increase over time. So that bodes well for the future.
Jeffrey Kauffman: That’s my one. Thanks.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Scott, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks. On the guidance for deliveries, do you have any just directional color by region you can give?
Preston Feight: Yes. Yes. I think we even shared that a little bit earlier, but maybe you didn't catch it is we think that the U.S. market is relatively flat. We think Europe is relatively flat. We think most of the impact and change sequentially is through Mexico.
Scott Group: Okay. Helpful. And then I think you guys said cost in Q1 was up 1% sequentially and price was flat. Do you have just – how should we think about that embedded within the guide for Q2 in terms of costs, sequential and price sequential?
Preston Feight: Yes. We would expect in Q2, we would see some price increase. And then depending on how the tariff structures there could be cost higher than that.
Scott Group: Okay. So I guess, ultimately, my big picture question is like, is this Q2 a timing issue was suggested earlier of full cost impact of tariffs, but timing and ability to price it? Or is there some in a soft market, is there some lack of ability to actually get the full pricing benefit? Is it – is it a timing issue? Or is it a pricing power issue, I guess, is ultimately my question.
Preston Feight: I thought I would look at it like you did with the timing issue being the principal effect there for the quarter? And I think that's the right way to think about it is mostly a timing effect. I mean there's – obviously, it depends on the state of the market. But I think that the biggest impact right now is this timing impact of pricing versus the cost timing.
Scott Group: Okay. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Ken Hastings: We'd like to thank everyone for joining the call, and thank you, operator.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-28 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded, and if anyone has an objection, they should disconnect at this time. I'd now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We'd like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Preston Feight, Chief Executive Officer; Harrie Schippers, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Brice Poplawski, Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls, we ask that any members of the media on the line participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties that may affect expected results. For additional information, please see our SEC filings at the Investor Relations and the Investor Relations page of paccar.com. I would now like to introduce Preston Feight.
Preston Feight: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Harrie, Brice, Ken and I will update you on our fourth quarter and full year 2024 results as well as other business highlights. PACCAR's outstanding employees delivered strong results by providing our customers with the highest quality trucks and transportation solutions in the industry. In 2024, PACCAR achieved annual revenues of $33.7 billion, net income of $4.2 billion and an after-tax return on revenues of 12.4%. This is the second highest profit in the company's history, and it was a great year for PACCAR. PACCAR's strong financial performance reflects the higher profitability of the latest generation of Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF Trucks, record results in our Parts division and another good year for PACCAR Financial Services. PACCAR shareholders and customers benefited from the $8.6 billion invested over the past 10 years in new products, world-class facilities and state-of-the-art technologies. PACCAR achieved 86 consecutive years of net income and has paid a dividend every year since 1941. In 2024, PACCAR declared $4.17 per share in dividends, including a year-end dividend of $3 per share. This is a 53% payout of net income and a dividend yield of 4%. PACCAR's fourth quarter revenues were $7.9 billion, and net income was $872 million. PACCAR Parts achieved excellent fourth quarter revenues of $1.6 billion and pre-tax profits of $428 million. Last year's US and Canadian Class 8 truck retail sales were 268,000 units. Kenworth and Peterbilt's share increased to a strong 30.7%, up from 29.5% in the prior year. In the medium-duty market, Kenworth and Peterbilt's excellent new medium-duty truck has created customer value and market share grew from 14.5% to 18% as they produce a record 21,500 medium-duty trucks. In 2025, the US economy is projected to expand by more than 2%. The vocational truck sector, where Peterbilt and Kenworth other market leaders is steady. The less-than-truckload market is performing well, while the Truckload segment is beginning to show signs of improvement. The US and Canadian Class 8 truck market is forecast to be in a range of 250,000 to 280,000 vehicles. We anticipate a strengthening market as we progress through the year. European above 16-tonne truck registrations were 316,000 last year. Customers appreciate DAF's industry-leading fuel efficiency and driver comfort. DAF trucks have a competitive advantage in the European market due to an innovative, aerodynamic design and feature the largest and most luxurious cabin interior. In 2025, the European economy is forecast to grow modestly. We expect above the 16-tonne truck market to be in the range of 270,000 to 300,000 registrations. Last year, the South American above 16-tonne market was 119,000 vehicles and is expected to be similar this year. DAF's market share in the important Brazilian market was right around 10%, and reflects a 23% production increase to more than 10,000 trucks in 2024. In addition to its successful growing business in Brazil, DAF trucks are now sold in Mexico and in the Andean region of South America. PACCAR Truck, Parts, and other gross margins were solid 15.9% in the fourth quarter. These margins are considerably higher than in prior industry cycles, reflecting the increased value of the new Kenworth, Peterbilt, and DAF trucks provide to customers as well as the continued growth of PACCAR Parts. In the fourth quarter, PACCAR delivered 43,900 trucks and in the first quarter of 2025, deliveries are forecast to be around 40,000. We estimate PACCAR's worldwide first quarter Truck and Parts gross margins to be similar to the fourth quarter and in a range of 15.5% to 16%. In addition to the strong financial performance, other business highlights in 2024 included PACCAR's progress on Amplify Cell Technologies, our joint venture to manufacture commercial vehicle batteries in the United States. DAF was honored as a Fleet Truck of the Year in the U.K. PACCAR Parts celebrated the 30th anniversary of TRP. Peterbilt earned the Environment and Energy Leader Award for Sustainability and, Kenworth celebrated the 50th anniversary of its world-class truck factory in Chillicothe, Ohio. We look forward to an excellent year in 2025 as we celebrate the 120th anniversary of PACCAR's founding in 1905. Harrie Schippers will now provide an update on PACCAR Parts, PACCAR Financial Services, and other business highlights. Harrie?
Harrie Schippers: Thank you, Preston. In 2024, PACCAR Parts set new records for revenues and profits. Annual revenues increased by 4% to a record $6.7 billion, and pre-tax profit increased to a record $1.71 billion. Parts gross margins averaged 30.9%. In the current freight environment, we estimate Part sales to grow by 2% to 4% this year. PACCAR Parts' excellent long-term growth reflects the benefits of investments that increase vehicle uptime and convenience for customers. PACCAR's aftermarket parts business provides strong profitability through all phases of the business cycle. PACCAR Parts has expanded to 20 parts distribution centers or PDCs worldwide, including a new PDC in Germany, which opened in November. This PDC enhances parts availability and delivery times to German dealers and customers and is part of a strategy to increase DAF's truck market share in the largest truck market in Europe. PACCAR Financial Services achieved fourth quarter pre-tax income of $104 million. Annual pre-tax income was $436 million. PACCAR Financial is performing well with a portfolio that has excellent credit quality and low past dues. PACCAR Financial provides the highest quality service in the market and makes it easy for customers to do business with them through the efficient use of technology in the credit application and loan servicing processes. PACCAR Financial operates 13 used truck centers around the world to support the sale of Premium, Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF used trucks, and is adding a new used truck center in Warsaw, Poland this year. Last year, PACCAR invested $796 million in capital projects and $453 million in research and development. PACCAR delivered an excellent return on invested capital of 25.5%. This year, we are planning capital investments in the range of $700 million to $800 million and R&D expenses in the range of $460 million to $500 million as we invest in key technology and innovation projects. These include new clean diesel and alternative fuel engines, the next generation of battery electric powertrains, advanced driver assistance systems and integrated connected vehicle services. PACCAR is expanding manufacturing capacity at our factories in Europe, North America, Brazil and Australia. These investments will support PACCAR's future growth as well as our customers' success. PACCAR's independent Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF dealers consistently invest in their businesses, enhancing our industry leading distribution network and making a significant contribution to PACCAR's long-term success. PACCAR looks forward to another excellent year in 2025. Thank you. We'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tami Zakaria of JPMorgan. Tami, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Tami Zakaria: Hey good morning. Thank you so much for taking my question. So my first question is on the delivery guide. Can you help us understand how to think about deliveries by geography in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter, trying to bridge the gap and where that difference is coming from, which geography, if you could highlight?
Preston Feight: Yeah. Happy, Tami. Good to talk to you. What I would share with you is in the US, we expect Class 8 to be flat or up even a little bit in Q1. But what we've seen is the medium-duty market, which has just been very robust is probably normalizing now. So we'll see us a bit smaller medium-duty market. I'd also remind people that there was a Euro 6 implementation in Mexico that was in the fourth quarter. So that was there was a bit of a pre-buy in Mexico that won't be present in their first quarter. And also, if you're doing comparisons of Q4, Q1, we had good supplier performance in the fourth quarter that allowed our normal year-end inventory reduction that take place. So all those things kind of had an impact, and maybe the only last one I'd add is we have fewer production days outside the US, specifically in South America as an impact. So all that goes into that delivery guidance. But in essence, we're seeing flat Class 8, maybe slightly up Class 8 in the U.S. markets.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. That is very helpful color. Thank you. And my second question is on the investments for Amplify. The JV you have with Cummins and Daimler. Do you think you could revisit that -- the whole idea could be rethought at this point given the current administration shift away from BEVs.
Preston Feight: Well, I'll share this with you. I am so happy with how that's going. And I think if I could remake the decision now knowing what I know, I'd make same decision. It's a long-term strategic objective for our company to be able to offer our customers a full portfolio of powertrain choices. We see that there will be places where battery electric vehicles make sense or could be hybrid vehicles. And our Amplify Cell Technologies joint venture will allow us to have the lowest cost, highest quality batteries so that we'll be the most competitive in the market, which will be in support of our customers.
Tami Zakaria: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kyle Menges of Citi. Kyle, your line is open. please go ahead.
Kyle Menges : Thanks, guys. So you did reference the vocational strength, and it seems like that's been a big piece of why we've seen this order resilience in Class 8. But I guess just what gives you confidence that dealers aren't overordering here to stay in body builders pipelines? And just could you maybe give us a gauge of how many of those orders actually have a customer's name attached? Thank you.
Preston Feight: Yes. Yes. We have all of our customers there feel really solid. In fact, if you -- one way to look at it is inventory. So the industry inventory is running, what, 3.1 months in heavy-duty and Kenworth and Peterbilt's inventory levels at 2.3 months. So our inventory is in good shape. There is a backlog at body builders, but those are really spoken for trucks.
Kyle Menges : Okay. Thank you. And then if you could just provide maybe a little more color on how you're thinking about the medium-duty market in U.S. and Canada as we progress through the year. You mentioned probably down a little bit in 1Q, but I guess just how are you thinking about the growth as we move throughout the year, first half versus second half would be helpful? Thank you.
Preston Feight: Yes. I think that what we saw kind of referencing back, Kyle, to last year, you'd say that we had a pretty steady set of builds in the year. There were strong builds. There was, if you recall, a mirror factory fire that amplified some deliveries in the third quarter. So when you're comparing 3Q to 4Q, you'd see lower deliveries at 4Q. And now we just think that the medium-duty market is going to go back to more normal, historically normal levels. And in those normal levels, we'll continue to see our new products perform well. Customers seem quite happy with the new 2.1-meter wide Kenworth and Peterbilts. They work well, body builders, they're gaining our market share. In fact, we've grown from 14.5% to 18% share in the medium-duty market last year. So we feel good about our position. The cadence of half one to half two probably would expect it also to see strengthening in the second half.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Volkman of Jefferies. Steven, your line is open. Please proceed.
Steven Volkman: Great. Good morning everybody. Thank you for taking my call. I'm curious as we sort of do the dumb math and look at total truck revenues divided by the deliveries, it seems like the kind of revenue per truck was down 5%-ish, which is one of the bigger declines we've seen recently. And I know there's a lot in there between price and mix and things like that. But I'm curious, if you can provide any color, was that mostly mix? Is there kind of more day cab happening or more vocational? Or how do we think about kind of what's going on in price mix?
Harrie Schippers: Yes, Steve, there's a little bit of mix -- regional mix going on. So North America is more vacation or holidays in the fourth quarter. That's a little bit stronger mix in Europe in Q4. And then on top of that, we had unfavorable foreign exchange rates. So it's a very strong dollar. And that probably accounts for half of the reduction in average sales price.
Steven Volkman: Got it. Okay. Right. A lot in there. Okay. And then slightly differently, have you guys announced or started telling your customers kind of the order of magnitude of the expected price increase for the 2027 regulations that we're all looking forward to.
Preston Feight: We're having general conversations with them about that, and we're still saying it can be the $10,000, $15,000 price range for adjustments to 2027. Obviously, the details of that aren't finalized, but that's kind of what it feels like right now.
Steven Volkman: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Wertheimer of Melius Research. Rob, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Rob Wertheimer: Thank you. I had two, if I may. First is just I'd love to hear your thoughts on gross margin trend and truck pricing. It seems like used market to stabilize, inventory at least on sweep business come down. I don't know if you see that and probably better data that you have. And just curious whether you see any hopefulness or the reverse on new truck pricing? That's my first one.
Preston Feight: Yes. Sure. Rob, what we'd say is that we're looking into Q1 and seeing like things should be pretty steady, as you can tell from our guide, where we said 15.5% to 16% gross margin. So see that things are starting to look up but just beginning to, as we noticed the truckload carriers starting to come back into the market and then probably gaining strength through the course of the year.
Harrie Schippers: And then on the used truck side, Rob, I would add that PACCAR Financials used truck inventory is at very healthy and low levels right now. And so that's also a good thing.
Preston Feight: That's a good leading indicator as well.
Rob Wertheimer: The bottom there. Okay. Perfect. And then Preston, just spark my curiosity, you mentioned hybrid trucks. And I think across the auto, maybe even the truck world, years ago, there was a bit of resistance to hybrids and the feeling that you'd go full electric. I'm curious what you're hearing from your customers. Is that something that there's actual demand for now? Or they really use cases that are non-regulatory? I'm just curious about your thoughts there. I'll stop there. Thank you.
Preston Feight: Yes. Great question, Rob. I think what we see is that through hybrid systems, we might be able to improve fuel efficiency and likewise, greenhouse gas by double-digit levels. And if we're able to do that, that's obviously desirable for our customers. There is an added cost to it. So the balance of what's the payback time sits into there. So there is a striving for a business case, which is free of regulatory hurdles, but we know that there will be regulations coming and going over time. So that could also be an added incentive to hybrid business case. And that's true for both US and Europe, maybe especially true in Europe.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Fisher of UBS. Steven, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Steven Fisher: Hi. Thanks. Good afternoon. I just wanted to touch upon the margins in the first quarter. As you said, Preston, they're going to be pretty stable, which is pretty impressive on 10% lower production. I guess, I'm just curious what is enabling that steadiness of the margins in light of that lower level of production?
Preston Feight: Well, I think what we're seeing is the trucks are performing really, really well. So that's helpful to us, obviously, in terms of discussions with customers. Fuel economy is great. The reliability is great. Our warranty costs are slightly down. And it just feels like between all those factors and where the market is starting to head, we think that we'll see that kind of a margin appear in the first quarter.
Steven Fisher: Okay. And I guess, just curious about the broader pricing environment now. Do you think that it's now kind of more stable that we're in this part of the downturn? And how confident can we be that sort of we've hit the low point on margins and pricing discounts for the year?
Preston Feight: Sure. Great question again. And I think what we've shared and we continue to share is like we see 2025 with improvement coming throughout the year. We think for sure in the second half, maybe it's in the second quarter, we'll have to watch how world develops, of course, but it feels like a positive trend.
Steven Fisher: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Angel Castillo of Morgan Stanley. Angle, your line is open. Please go ahead. Angel, we are receiving a lot of feedback from your line. We'll just try and re-open your connection.
Preston Feight: Hey, Charlie, why don't we go to the next caller, yes, Charlie let's go to the next caller.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Cook of Truist Securities. Jamie, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jamie Cook: Hi. Good morning. Just to clarify, can you speak specifically what price cost was for truck and for parts in the fourth quarter specifically and what's implied by region for 2025? And then my second question, it sounds like you would say the first quarter is the trough for margins in total. Is that for total company? Or is that also for truck margins? And I'm just wondering, if you get to the back half of the year, do you expect to see sales growth and then get back to a position where we're actually seeing incremental margins versus decremental? Thank you.
Preston Feight: Yeah. I mean, that's another way of asking what we already talked about, I think, quite a bit. But the truck for Q4 price versus cost was negative 0.6% on price and cost was 2.7%. And what we're expecting to see is some trending improvement through the course of the year, Jamie. And so we think that will be favorable to your point, and we see continued strong parts margins, so like 30.9% in 4Q, and we would expect to see continued good margins in the first quarter as well. So those are contributing to a general upward trend in our mind.
Jamie Cook: But was that by geography, I guess my question was.
Harrie Schippers: I don't think we provide it by geography, Jamie.
Jamie Cook: Okay. And then I guess the follow-up question was by the second half of 2025, should we start to see incremental margins? Are you assuming sales volumes are up versus decrementals? I mean your margins are pretty impressive right now in the first quarter.
Harrie Schippers: As the market improves in the second half of the year, we would expect margin development to improve accordingly.
Preston Feight: Yes. I mean, I think, Jamie, nice comment on -- thanks also for the comment on the margins because it is -- these are cycle-over-cycle, good margin improvements, a few hundred basis points. And we do think that as we've said last time we remain consistent. This time, we think that 2025 will see improvement throughout the year. And as it improves, that will be good for our incrementals.
Jamie Cook: Great. Thank you very much.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tim Thein of Raymond James. Tim, your line is open, please go ahead.
Tim Thein: Thank you. Good morning. Maybe just first question, just in terms of any comments you could provide just as it pertains to order activity and how the backlog is filling in both North America and Europe? Just curious, in terms of how far your lead-times extend and how that presumably quoting into the second quarter, but maybe you could just give some color on that?
Preston Feight: Sure Tim. Good question, good insight to gain for everybody. I think that we're roughly 75% or 75% full in Q1 and probably more like half full in Q2. So, that's kind of where things look like, pretty reasonable levels.
Tim Thein: Got it. Okay. And the -- presumably the composition of that backlog, much more weighted, I would assume, towards vocational. And should we think about any mix impact from that? Just if that supposition is correct, that would be a heavier weighting than normal? Is there much of an impact, again, from a product mix standpoint? Or is that kind of a neutral dynamic there?
Preston Feight: Tim, I think that the vocational -- the heavy influence of vocational was more of a last year thing. And as vocational steady now, I think the mix shift is kind of coming back to more traditional levels.
Tim Thein: Okay. Okay, got it. And then maybe for Harrie, just if -- a big if, but we had the dollar at today's levels through the quarter, some pretty big moves against some of your key currencies. Is there a way to think about, A, what FX had -- what impact that foreign exchange had on margins in the fourth quarter and what that may imply if the dollar were at today's levels for the first quarter?
Brice Poplawski: Yes, this is Brice. I'll just comment on that. We had a negative effect on our net income in the fourth quarter from the foreign currencies of about $20 million. And that's something we will -- obviously, we don't know what's going to happen to rates. But as you said, if they stay where there are, obviously, it would be a recurring effect.
Harrie Schippers: And it's all factored into our guidance of between 15.5% to 16%.
Tim Thein: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will go to Angel Castillo of Morgan Stanley. Angel, your line is open, please go ahead.
Angel Castillo: Hi, Yes, can you hear me at this time?
Preston Feight: Yes, you're not giving us quite the static you did on your first time.
Angel Castillo: I apologize for that. It sounds like it is working right now. So, maybe -- thanks for taking my question. I apologize if somebody asked it, but just I think you lowered the R&D expense for the full year. Can you just talk about maybe what's driving that? And maybe going back to one of the initial questions around the Amplify JV, obviously, a lot of good, I guess, strategic reasons to continue to invest in that, but I believe it was a multiphase project. Is it fair to assume that it will be -- you will be doing it in phases and deciding to move forward? Or is it -- we should assume that all three phases are moving forward?
Preston Feight: Yeah, sure. It's a great question, both of them. So R&D is going to be still year-over-year, we thinking slightly up. So probably in the range of 5% up from last year just because there's a lot of great projects for us to be working on. Of course, the Amplify ONE [ph] doesn't really fit into that space. But what we're doing with Amplify is we've cleared the ground now. We're putting in the buildings. And then what we'll do is measure how much capacity we need to install. But we want to get started on that. So we have some capacity available for the markets that exist. And then we'll just scale capacity based upon market demands for the EVs or hybrids.
Angel Castillo: That's helpful. And then I wanted to go back to some comments you've made this quarter and I guess last quarter as well in terms of maybe some green shoots on the TL are starting to see some improvements. I think you mentioned that you could maybe see some improvement as soon as 2Q. Can you just give us a little bit more color what exactly are you hearing from your customers in terms of potential green shoots on the TL market? And maybe what would give you confidence in that 2Q number starting to show a rebound versus maybe more of a second half?
Preston Feight: A couple of things. One is, we've just started to see spot rates improvement. So that's something that's measuring into our thoughts. I'd say some of the capacity has come out the market. So it's making it easier for the good carriers to become successful. And then I would also add, as we said earlier, that the used market inventories are quite low. And so that's kind of a tell of how the world is starting to turn a little bit. So all of those are soft indicators of what we think is to come.
Angel Castillo: Very helpful. Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from David Raso of Evercore ISI. David, your line is open. Please proceed.
David Raso: Hi. Thank you for the time. Your comment about strengthening market as the year progresses; how is that influencing how you're pricing the 2026 model years that start shipping in April? And then wrapping with that maybe a bit, your reaction to some of the recent executive orders from the White House just to think about how that influences, how you think about the pre-buy, which I assume sort of dovetails a little bit into how you think about pricing?
Preston Feight: Well, we look at the executive orders, we pay attention to it, but we know what the rules are today, and we are ready for those rules. If they were to change then we'd be ready for that, too. I think one of the things we've been able to do is develop the suite of technologies we need. The California has already implemented low NOx engines and PACCAR has a NOx engine in California. So we can be available to that. And I think shift around, we'll be ready in that position as well. To the first question you asked about pricing in 2026 product shipments. I think as the market moves around and people are experiencing the great performance of the Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF trucks, we expect that we will see strengthening price position for ourselves as the course of the year progresses, right? We think that trend carries on even beyond 2025 we anticipate.
David Raso: And we hear the model year 2026 start shipping in April. I know there'll be a little mix of 2025s and 2026s in 2Q. But is that accurate? We start getting some of the 2026 models shipping in 2Q for this year?
Preston Feight : Yes. Your comment, David, there, I don't know what that is, but that doesn't resonate to me of a model year 2026 shifting in April for us. So I'm not sure how to answer that.
David Raso: Okay. We can talk offline. But basically, the higher pricing sequentially is what you're referencing as the year goes on however you want to name the model.
Preston Feight : That's fair, but -- yes.
David Raso: Yes. Okay. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Preston Feight : You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs. Jerry, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jerry Revich : Yes. Hi. Good morning and good afternoon, everyone. I wanted to ask on the per truck performance in terms of operating cost. Can you talk about the cadence that you expect over the next couple of quarters? It sounds like based on the gross margin guidance for the first quarter, maybe we're seeing a decline in per truck costs. I'm wondering based on your contract structures, et cetera. Can you just talk about the cadence over the next couple of quarters?
Harrie Schippers: If you look at the cost per truck, Jerry, in 2024, we saw some more content on trucks, especially in Europe, where we -- because of legal requirements, some are connected, ADAS and other features we added during the year. We expect those cost levels to be more or less stable as we enter the New Year, but no specific special developments in 2025 as far as I can tell right now.
Jerry Revich : Okay. So -- and separately, on the topic of EPA 27, I appreciate the base case is it's going to move forward, but obviously, governments can make changes. In a scenario if there's an adverse legal ruling or something along those lines, can you talk about how the company would react in that scenario if we have different regulations for California and other states versus the rest of the U.S., how would you see that scenario playing out in your planning process?
Preston Feight : One of the things that's great about PACCAR is the quality of people in this company and our ability to be nimble and reactive is, I think, second to none. So I think if there are changes in regulations, there is nobody better at adjusting to those regulatory changes than the people at PACCAR. And so we'll make sure we have the right products in front of the customers that are going to give them the best operating condition for regulatory environment.
Jerry Revich : Okay. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Preston Feight : You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Kauffman of Vertical Research Partners. Jeff, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jeff Kauffman: Okay. Thank you very much. Two questions. Number one, I want to come back to -- the change in revenue per truck was down about 4.9. I think you mentioned that was price. I'm assuming most of the rest of the difference is mix and currency. Could you give me an idea of how to think about that math?
Harrie Schippers: Yes. Like we said, I think more or less half of the impact is currency. And there is another element there that in the fourth quarter, U.S. and Canada have more holidays. So the mix was a little bit more heavily towards Europe and other markets outside the U.S. but average sales prices -- trucks are smaller and average sales prices are lower.
Jeff Kauffman: Okay. Thank you. And I just want to follow-up on David Raso's question. Obviously, as the administration comes out with new rules is that you to comply, where do you think -- ignoring 2027 in the EPA, but are there other rulings that have been discussed, that would be risk worth thinking about in terms of its impact to PACCAR from the new administration?
Preston Feight: I don't think of them as risk as much as I think of them as opportunities. I think any time environments change, if you operate better than your competitors, then you'll find yourself in a winning position and that's where we intend to be.
Jeff Kauffman: So Preston, what would some of those opportunities be in your mind?
Preston Feight: The fact that we produce local-for-local, have factories in the US, where we produce the trucks for the US. Same in Mexico, Brazil, Europe makes us very well protected to things like tariffs, for example. So we feel we're in a really good spot there.
Jeff Kauffman: Okay. Thank you very much.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Feniger of Bank of America. Michael, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Michael Feniger: Yes. Hi, everyone. Thanks for having me on. Just PACCAR has clearly gained a lot of share. I realize it's because of your great trucks and your products, just I'm curious if we see other OEMs raising capacity, trying to go after your market share, pricing intensifies, I'm curious how you guys weigh the puts and takes there? Is PACCAR more likely to continue to kind of price for your premium trucks and look to hold that margin? Or is it every year, your goal is to try to gain that level of market share? Is that not as linear? Is that more over a multi-cycle basis? Just kind of curious how you think about that because you guys have gained so much share and there is some other OEMs kind of raising capacity?
Preston Feight: Yes. The way we think about it is we try to, first off, make sure that we produce great trucks for our customers. And if we produce great trucks for our customers that are valuable to them, then they're willing to pay us for those trucks and share in that value equation. That's the most fundamental thing. The more we can do that for them, the better it works for us, and you gave a nod to the people that PACCAR producing great trucks. I'd also share in that our dealers are really outstanding and do a good job of supporting our customers and going out there and showing them the benefits of our trucks. So it's really about great trucks that achieve benefits to our customer. That helps us maintain our premium position and allows us also to simultaneously gain market share.
Michael Feniger: Great. And just on parts. The last three quarters, your revenue is up 4%. I think the pre-tax profit has been slightly down year-over-year. Is there anything on the last -- that you would want to flag on 2024? I'm just curious as we kind of kind of turn the page, does pre-tax profit -- does the parts profit grow in line with sales as we kind of look at 2025? Just any moving pieces there would be helpful.
Harrie Schippers: In 2024, we saw part sales increased by 4%. At the same time, we see that the market for auto sales for parts was down 2% or 3%. So growing our parts sales in a smaller market at excellent margins, that's a really impressive performance by the entire PACCAR parts team. And as we go into 2025, we expect parts to grow by 2% to 4% for the year. So that will be another strong year for PACCAR parts.
Michael Feniger: Thank you.
Preston Feight: Yes, you bet.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Scott, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hey. Thanks. Good morning, good afternoon. I just want to actually follow-up on that last question. So if you think about last year, the markets down and parts sales are up 4%. And I guess this year, you think the market is flat to up, but the parts growth slows. So help me understand why we're not seeing a pickup in part sales if the market is improving?
Preston Feight: Well, one of the things is Harrie indicated, is like the cadence of the parts market last year and like the general market, it's going to be a tale of two halves, probably for the total market. So what we're talking about right now is Q1 and excellent parts performance in Q1, and we would expect to see then growth through the course of the year.
Harrie Schippers: It's strongly related to freight activity on the rest of the business. So it should also have that kind of cadence.
Scott Group: Okay. That makes sense. And then I think you said 75% sold for the first quarter, half full for the second quarter. Just do you have any sort of context does that sort of about right, is that ahead of schedule, behind schedule? And then do you have any view of the order strength of late, has pre-buy activity started yet? Or is that still all on the come?
Preston Feight: Yeah. We're in a fairly normal position for our backlogs, really kind of normal for this kind of part of the cycle. And I would say that the discussions around what people are going to do for the second half of 2025 and then in 2026 are happening. But I wouldn't say there's really been any significant order intake in that area.
Scott Group: Thank you, guys. Appreciate it.
Preston Feight: Yeah. You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mats Liss of Kepler Cheuvreux. Max, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Mats Liss: Yeah. Hi. Thank you for taking my question. I just had a question about the European market. If you could give some flavor about well different countries there and also how you see the market progress around 2025. I mean, you have the guidance, but if you could give some flavor there, please?
Preston Feight: Yeah, sure. Let me start and then Harrie can add some thoughts to it. I mean, the general sense for us is the European economy is maybe going to experience slight growth, I think really slight potentially in Germany. What we saw last year is that the Eastern -- Central and Eastern European markets were softer because of geopolitics, I would say. So that has some impact on the market overall. We'll see if that that continues through this year. And kind of leads to, I think, people in Europe feeling moderately okay about the market. Harrie, I don't know what you would add to that.
Harrie Schippers: Overall, markets in Europe last year was down 8%. And then we talk about Western Europe, maybe down 5%, but Central and Eastern Europe in the 20% range. So, especially countries like Poland, Lithuania are more impacted. And DAF has a strong presence there. So it has a little bit bigger impact on DAF than it maybe has on some of our competitors. But looking into 2025, the market and the range that we guided, that's a good market in which PACCAR should do really well.
Mats Liss: Okay. Great. Thank you. And could you just add a comment there regarding your capacity utilization in Europe with DAF?
Harrie Schippers: Capacity utilization is good.
Preston Feight: We have capacity for when the market grows. We continue to make smart investments in the factories there. We have our factory in the UK factory in the Netherlands. And so we can produce the trucks we need to. We continue to make those factories more and more efficient.
Mats Liss: And the back -- or the coverage there for first and second quarter is about the same as the average that you mentioned for the whole group?
Harrie Schippers: Yes, that's correct. Europe is more or less in line with what Preston just mentioned in the total group.
Mats Liss: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Harrie Schippers: You're welcome.
Preston Feight: You bet. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions in the queue at this time. So, I'll hand back over to the management team for any further or final remarks.
Preston Feight: I'd like to thank everyone for joining the call, and thank you, Charlie.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-22 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded and if anyone has an objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Preston Feight, Chief Executive Officer; Harrie Schippers, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Brice Poplawski, Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls, we ask that any members of the media on the line participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties that may affect expected results. For additional information, please see our SEC filings at the Investor Relations page of paccar.com. I would now like to introduce Preston Feight.
Preston Feight: Thanks, Ken. Good morning, everyone. Harry, Bryce, Ken, and I will update you on our excellent third quarter financial results and other business highlights. I'd like to start by thanking PACCAR's wonderful employees who deliver PACCAR's high-quality trucks and transportation solutions to our customers all around the world. PACCAR earned a strong $972 million on revenues of $8.2 billion for an industry-leading after-tax return on revenue of 11.8%. PACCAR Parts' third quarter revenues increased 5% to $1.66 billion and pre-tax profits were $407 million. PACCAR Financial earned pre-tax income of $107 million in the third quarter. We estimate this year's U.S. and Canadian Class-8 market to be around 260,000 trucks and next year to be in the range of 250,000 to 280,000 vehicles. The Vocational segment where Peterbilt and Kenworth are the market leaders, is strong and is expected to remain strong with continued infrastructure investments. The less than truckload market is performing well, while the truckload segment seems to have stabilized. Peterbilt and Kenworth combined Class 8 share has increased from 29.5% to 31.1%. Kenworth and Peterbilt's dealer inventory is a healthy 2.9 months. Kenworth and Peterbilt increased their medium-duty market share in the first nine months of this year to 17.2% compared to 14.5% last year. In Europe, this year's truck industry registrations in the above 16-tonne segment are estimated to be around 300,000 vehicles. The 2025 market is expected to be in the range of 270,000 to 300,000 trucks. Last month at the IAA Truck Show in Germany, DAF introduced its new 2025 lineup of trucks, which improved fuel economy by 3% and used advanced driver assistance systems to enhance safety. In addition, the 2025 vehicles feature PACCAR's connected truck solutions, which bring great value to the customer. The South American above 16-tonne market is projected to be in a range of 110,000 to 120,000 trucks this year and in a similar range next year. PACCAR's premium lineup of trucks are performing well for customers in South America, especially in the important Brazilian market. PACCAR and its dealers are delivering excellent trucks and transportation solutions to our customers and we are excited about the future. Thank you. Harrie will now provide an update on PACCAR Parts, PACCAR Financial Services, and other business highlights. Harrie?
Harrie Schippers: Thanks, Preston. PACCAR delivered 44,900 trucks during the third quarter. We expect fourth quarter deliveries to be around 42,000 vehicles. More production days in Europe will be offset by fewer production days due to normal holidays in North America and some supplier-related limitations. PACCAR Parts delivered third quarter gross margins of 30.1%. Parts quarterly sales grew by 5% compared to the same period last year and are expected to grow around 4% in the fourth quarter. PACCAR Parts is focused on expanding its customer base and providing a full range of transportation solutions is delivering sales growth in a smaller after-sales market. PACCAR Parts just opened a new distribution center in Massbach, Germany. This new distribution center increases the number of dealers and customers benefiting from receiving parts on the same or next day in the important German market. Truck parts and other gross margins were 16.6% in the third quarter. We anticipate fourth quarter gross margins to be in the range of 15.5% to 16%. PACCAR Financial Services' results in the third quarter benefited from excellent portfolio quality. Pre-tax income was $107 million. The used truck market has normalized in North America while remaining soft in Europe. PACCAR Financial is a market leader in supporting customers with innovative technologies that provide seamless credit application and loan servicing processes. PACCAR's net income of $3.3 billion in the first nine months of this year generated a strong $3.2 billion operating cash flow. PACCAR's return on invested capital was an excellent 25% in the first nine months of this year. This year's capital expenditures are projected to be between $760 million and $800 million and research and development expenses will be $450 million to $470 million. Next year, we estimate the company will invest $700 million to $800 million in capital projects and $480 million to $530 million in research and development projects. PACCAR continues to expand manufacturing capacity at our factories in Europe, United States, Mexico, Brazil, and Australia. These investments are supporting PACCAR's growth as well as our customers' success. PACCAR's investments in its premium truck lineup, efficient manufacturing capacity, best-in-class parts and financial services businesses, and the continued development of advanced technologies position the company for industry-leading performance in all phases of the business cycle. Thank you. We'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Steven Volkman with Jefferies. Steven, please go ahead.
Steven Volkman: Thank you so much. Good morning and good afternoon. I'm curious if we can talk a little bit about what you're seeing on the pricing side. I know we need to normally wait for the Q to get a sense of that. But if you can give us a quick preview, of what we're seeing in pricing, and kind of how you're expecting that to flow through in the fourth quarter as well?
Preston Feight: Sure. If you think about price-cost, it's kind of - price was flat in Q3, and costs were up 3%. So when I think about that on the truck side, if you think about how we look forward at that, we think that the vocational market is going to remain strong. We think the less than truckload market is doing really well in addition. And then, the truckload sector still seems to be feeling its pressure, but it does seem to have stabilized. And so, we're kind of starting to see signs of, maybe that maybe that tension will release over the coming months and next year, which could be good for us in terms of price versus cost as we look into next year.
Steven Volkman: Okay. Good. Maybe that starts to answer my follow-up, which is that I'm curious, overall, you're sort of flattish globally with your market forecast for next year, maybe you'll gain a little bit of market share like you usually do. But that fourth quarter run rate of 15.5% to - 16% gross margin. Is that a good sort of base to think about for 2025, or is there something that could move that one way or the other? Thanks.
Preston Feight: I think, if you go and look at what's been going on this year, right, the year started exceptionally strong in all sectors. And I think maybe this - the truckload carries about a tougher road to hope for a little while here. Maybe what you'd expect to see in 2025 is a mirror image of that where the year starts a little bit, like it's finishing and then accelerates, I think from there, timing exactly. I don't know that, but it does feel like that's where we're starting to see the stabilization for the truckload sector, just significant. And so, we would expect to see some growth over the coming year.
Steven Volkman: Super, thank you. I'll pass it on.
Preston Feight: All right.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Rob Wertheimer: Hi. Thanks, and...
Preston Feight: Hi, Rob.
Rob Wertheimer: Good morning, guys. So, I guess just a follow-up on that question. You look at gross margin still at very healthy levels really historically, but down sequentially. Price was kind of flat, you said year-over-year and costs creep up a little bit. Is there anything that really should otherwise be called out in the sequential move in gross margin? Thank you.
Preston Feight: I don't think there's anything different that I would call out for that. I think the thing that's been really good for us is the product introductions we've done over the past few years have. I mean, it's just stunning how great the trucks are right now. The fuel economy is outstanding, the reliability is outstanding. I think the customer desire for the trucks is very high as well. So, I think that what we'll see, is people's desire to have those trucks as the market opens up.
Rob Wertheimer: All right, perfect. And then I've asked you this before, and I'm not sure you'll give me a different answer now, but your differentiation is pretty good in vocational. I mean, it's a product that has a lot more - it has variability to it, let's say, and you guys are real leaders there. Is that at all a margin tailwind for you into next year?
Preston Feight: Yes. That's a very good point, Rob. And yes, it is. I would say that's a positive statement to make. I think one of the things that we look at right now, is our inventory is in very good shape as we mentioned. And over half of our inventory is vocational trucks that are at bodybuilders right now. So, we feel well-positioned overall with inventory, and then we know that our vocational inventory is strong, and we feel like that is good for our business.
Rob Wertheimer: And then vocational can be up next year, and I'll stop there. I apologize? Thank you.
Preston Feight: I think vocational will continue to run strong next year.
Rob Wertheimer: Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher with UBS. Steven, please go ahead.
Steven Fisher: Thanks, good morning. You mentioned that your inventory is, what you'd characterize as healthy at 2.9 months. I guess, can you talk about where that 2.9 months is relative, to your ideal targets for this point in the cycle? Do you think there's sort of inventory reductions that you have to make? And just curious kind of, what you're seeing from competitors in that perspective. And are they needing to take inventory out? And is that putting some price pressure into the market?
Preston Feight: Well, I'll let them talk about their inventory positions. But for our inventory position, we feel very good at 2.9 months. That's a very healthy level for us, especially as I mentioned to Rob, the fact that our vocational inventory takes up a chunk of that. So, we feel quite comfortable with our inventory levels, and our build rates being well-positioned.
Harrie Schippers: And it's even come down a little bit during the quarter. At the end of June, we were at 3.3 months and currently we're at 2.9 months.
Steven Fisher: Okay. And then just you mentioned about some potential re-acceleration in the second half of the year. How are you thinking about the concept of a pre-buy at this point? Is that kind of at all on the thinking, or is it more just sort of the freight market recovering? And if it's a pre-buy in your thinking, what do you think it will take to kick-start that? Is it just timing and getting closer to the '26, '27 timeframe? Or does it actually also require some degree of improvement in the freight market?
Preston Feight: I think we're going to see some improvement in the freight market. Some of the carriers have started to leave the market, which is something that's been anticipated, I would say. I also think that as you think about it, there will be people's trucks have gotten older, and there will be people interested in making sure they're buying enough trucks, for the next several years. So, that's going to take - that's going to take in effect, I think, as we go through 2025, and add to 2025's growth?
Steven Fisher: Okay. Thank you very much.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Tami Zakaria with JPMorgan. Tami, please go ahead.
Tami Zakaria: Hi, thank you so much. So, my first question is on Europe. So your outlook for next year, I think it's down 5% at the midpoint for retail sales. And this year, your deliveries are down more than the retail sales expectation. So, as we think about next year, do you plan on delivering to demand, or do you expect to under-produce even next year? So how should we think about, production in Europe next year?
Harrie Schippers: But Tami, yes, European volumes have been down a little bit more than the market this year. DAF is really strong in Central and Eastern Europe, where the market has been more affected by the war in Ukraine, and the economy is a lot slower there than in some other parts of Europe. And we expect things to continue at that pace more or less into, as we enter next year. And then, we'll see how it progresses during the year.
Preston Feight: Exactly what Harrie said, I think the other thing is the team in Europe has done a great job on price discipline with the great new trucks. And so, I think those two things combined is we feel pretty well-positioned in Europe too that, we will build to demand next year.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. That is very helpful. And my second question, going back to pricing, I think you said flattish this quarter. Just trying to get a sense of, did you open order book for next year if so, what - any reads on what pricing you're seeing for next year?
Preston Feight: Sure, Tami. I mean, obviously, it's not so binary as opening and closing the order books, but we did have a significant engagement with a bunch of customers at the recent ATA show. So, if you wanted to call that the normal cadence of fleets, thinking about their purchases. We had great conversations with them, a lot of enthusiasm for the trucks, and kind of an expectation of purchases next year. I think - they're obviously, because of the condition they're all in, it puts some price-cost tension into the world right now. But I also feel like that's going to relief - find some relief as we go into 2025.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Angel Castillo with Morgan Stanley. Angel, please go ahead.
Angel Castillo: Hi, good morning and thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to go back to the margin conversation, in particular, just understanding the price-cost dynamics. So you came in ahead of your expectations on total units for the third quarter, and price seems to be maybe relatively stable, all things considered. But the 16.6% margin implies decrementals on a pre-tax basis of over 50%, which is kind of above the levels that I think of as kind of normal. So, was there anything that surprised to the upside, or that's leading to kind of higher decrementals than you would have typically expected? And then, similar kind of line of question for 4Q in terms of, help us kind of bridge the gap, like it's not price degradation, what's kind of causing the margin contraction?
Preston Feight: Harrie, do you want to take a swing?
Harrie Schippers: Yes. I think mostly, any difference with what we saw a quarter ago would be at the cost side, where we had some cost elements. There were some supplier issues at that point in time, and some other operating costs. So maybe the cost side was the difference, if you want to point to something?
Preston Feight: Also lower volumes.
Harrie Schippers: Yes.
Preston Feight: But I think we're looking at that, we are looking at the totality of this thing, and it feels like these are pretty healthy levels for us given this point in the cycle, and where we see ourselves sitting. So, it feels pretty good.
Angel Castillo: Got it. And then maybe a similar dynamic, or just a conversation around the around the parts profitability, just what do you see there in terms of that business as you think about, as we go into 2025 just in terms of the profitability. It seems like it's stepped up nicely in the - or kind of remained relatively stable, I guess from 2Q to 3Q, but that was an area that was seeing a little bit of softness, as we were talking about it last quarter. So just what's kind of the ongoing trends there?
Preston Feight: Yes. I think the macro thing to think about in the parts market right now, is that there's a smaller overall after sales market this year. And our team has just done a tremendous job of holding excellent margins in that smaller market, and seeing growth in fact, right, as we talked about 5% growth this quarter. So, I couldn't be more happy with the work they're doing, the systems they're bringing in, the new PVCs they're opening and how - how closely they're working with all the customers to grow that business. So a great story there for the parts team.
Angel Castillo: Understood. Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: The next question comes from Jaime Cook with Truist Securities. Jamie, please go ahead.
Jaime Cook: Hi, good morning. Sorry, just to follow-up on the parts aftermarket. Can you comment specifically what price-cost was like you did for truck? That would be helpful. And then, I guess my other question would be, as you think about truck, you said price flat, cost up 3%. Was there any major variances sort of by region? And there's been this thesis that everyone would act more rational this cycle, as some of your peers are now spun-off public companies, just any comment on how you're seeing behavior sort of, this cycle versus previous cycles? Thank you.
Preston Feight: So starting with parts, Jamie, for parts, price was up 3% and cost was up 4% in the quarter. And your other question was about…
Harrie Schippers: I think, if you think about the disciplines of the - all the other OEMs being public, listen, it's a competitive world, but PACCAR has this advantage of having premium products that people really do desire. And so, the team has close relationships with the customers, and feel like it puts us in a good position. And as we noted in the beginning of our commentary, we have best-in-class performance because of the performance of our products for our customers, and we expect that will continue.
Jaime Cook: I guess just a follow-up question, Preston. Understanding your outlook for 2025, and it sounds like things should get better in the back-half of the year. And as we progress through the cycle and we get a pre-buy ahead of 2027, is there any reason believe PACCAR cannot deliver above average incremental margins like you did prior, to this most recent sort of mini downturn, given just the new product introductions, et cetera?
Harrie Schippers: Yes. No, Jaime, it's a great question, a great way to frame it. I like the way you frame it. I think we can deliver excellent performance in the coming years. So I agree with you.
Jaime Cook: Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: The next question comes from David Raso with Evercore ISI. David, please go ahead.
David Raso: Hi, I think. Yes, thank you for the time. I have one short-term, one, maybe a little bit longer-term. On the builds - sorry deliveries for the fourth-quarter, the 42,000, the geographic composition of that, I mean, obviously, historically Europe will step up. Are we saying even with the extra days in Europe, we won't get a step-up in Europe? So that's sort of flattish and maybe other is flattish, and sequential U.S. Canada is the down 11% to get us to 42,000. I'm just trying to be thoughtful about the geographic mix when I think about the margins?
Harrie Schippers: Yes, I think David, you're not off on that. I think that it's relatively flattish 3Q to 4Q, for Europe. And again, we've gotten our inventory in a very good position there. And then, I would expect that we're - maybe it's up slightly even and then, we're going to see in the - what we're going to see for the U.S. is the normal holiday cadence. And obviously, there was a couple of hurricanes that came through, which did affect some suppliers. And so, we're working through that right now with them. The supply base is doing a great job of sorting that out, and it's just something we got to kind of sort out as a team.
Harrie Schippers: Yes. On a per-day basis, Europe is flattish going into the fourth quarter. But the more production days, I think it provides a couple of thousand more trucks in Europe compared to the third quarter - in the fourth quarter.
David Raso: Well, that's the whole thing. If it's a couple of thousand more, to keep the whole company down to 42,000. I'm just trying to figure out, is North America, sorry, U.S. Canada down 20% sequentially. I'm just trying to get a sense of the magnitude, because that could explain the margin pressure a little bit mix?
Harrie Schippers: Not 20, but that's what is it, seven or eight fewer working days in the fourth quarter in North America.
David Raso: Okay. That's helpful. And then on the issue of the pre-buy. I'm sorry, go ahead, Preston.
Preston Feight: No, go ahead.
David Raso: Well, I was just moving on to the second question I had about the pre-buy. A major engine supplier we hear could be pulling their engine for '27 earlier, which could actually inspire maybe some buying of their engine in '25. So I just wanted to see if you'd enlighten us on that at all, if that is maybe what's playing out, which could help '25. And then second, on inventory for the vocational. You mentioned the body builders who continue to be a bottleneck. So the inventory sitting out there, occasional does lead argue, have a customer, they're just the bottleneck of the body builder, to finish off the job. Is there something going on with the body builders. I can sort of break that through a little bit? And if not, is the level of occasional trucks sitting there waiting for a body builder, an impediment to you being able to grow your vocational business more in '25?
Preston Feight: Yes. I think that what you've seen, is there was this impulse throughout 2024 in the vocational market. And I think that's maybe stabilized at a high level. So, I think people are doing a job, a good job of catching up and what the body builder capacity is - has been and is. So they're getting that sorted out is what it feels like, David. Obviously, there's some components on vocational trucks that are unique and some of those are in tight supply right now, which sends some throttle on it. All of that together means that I think 2025 will continue strong in the vocational sector. There's still infrastructure spending. The country is doing well. And so, I would expect vocational to remain a strong point for us. And as you well know, right, we have over 40% market share in that sector. So that will be good for PACCAR in '25. And coming back around to your first question, we have a great relationship with Cummins. We build our own engines. We are well positioned for today's emission standards, as well as the upcoming emission standards, and feel like we'll be able to offer our customers the right products for the upcoming markets. And don't have any concerns about, how that's going to play out.
David Raso: Okay, I'll leave it there. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead, Jerry.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi, good morning. Good afternoon, everyone.
Preston Feight: Hi Jerry.
Jerry Revich: Hi, I'm wondering if you could just talk about on the cost side, your teams have been sprinting really hard to get trucks out the door when supply was tight. And I'm wondering based on the cost of materials that, are now flowing through the factories. When do you think we could see crew truck costs actually coming down? And if the current steel price cost curve holds in particular, do you think we could be looking at per truck cost potentially tailwind, at some point in early '25 on a year-over-year basis?
Preston Feight: Jerry, I'd say it's a possibility. I think there's a little bit of labor that factors into here too that you look at on a year-over-year basis, which is something that's been incurred by the industry as a whole, including our supply base much written about. So I think, we'll just have to watch how those two things interplay with each other in the coming six months.
Jerry Revich: And then in terms of the mix of what you folks have in backlog. Can you talk about that? You mentioned earlier in the conversation, the margin step down has been driven the large mix of product. How does the mix of what you folks have left the backlog look, compared to what we shipped this quarter?
Preston Feight: Yes. We still see the same ratios of really strong truck versus tractor production. Truck production is still running around 50%. So that's above a historical number, but very good numbers for us.
Jerry Revich: And you folks have improved your truck profitability significantly cycle-over-cycle. In the past, we've seen margins peak to trough, truck gross margins range from 400 to 1,000 basis point peak to trough. How do you think the higher margin profile that you folks have now, will translate into truck cyclicality going forward? What's the impact on fixed versus variable cost versus history? Any comments that you care to make on that question?
Preston Feight: Sure, Jerry. I think it's a great observation on your part. I think that what we see is the company is performing at a structurally stronger level. I think that's, because of the great investments and the efforts of the team, to provide excellent products for our customers. I mean, they really are helping our customers make money, and they are desired by the drivers. So that's a nice position to be in. I think PACCAR's lean culture and operating disciplines, are healthy and good for the company, and good for our operating performance, good for our customers in terms of us being a lean operating company, and good for our shareholders. So you're right in making the observation and we think that, that observation will hold true.
Jerry Revich: Okay. And lastly, some of your competitors are talking about some pretty small incremental cost increases on EPA 2027, versus what most of us expect. I'm wondering if you could just weigh in on your expectations, especially since you're already up and running in California. Can you talk about what you are seeing and expecting.
Preston Feight: Yes, sure. First of all, I said you even observed the fact that we have a certified engine in California as we're the first manufacturer to do that. So, we're well positioned for any of the regulatory conditions that we encounter. Our thoughts is it could be in the 10,000 to 15,000 range right now, subject to change, depends on what the regulatory agencies do, but that feels like the right framing point for the cost, as we look at 2027.
Harrie Schippers: And Jerry, bear in mind, it's not only about material cost, it's also the extended warranties that we kick in with EPA '27. That will have an effect - an impact on the cost level as well.
Jerry Revich: Absolutely. Thank you, everyone.
Preston Feight: You bet. Great questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Thein with Raymond James. Tim, please go ahead.
Tim Thein: Great. Thank you. First one, Preston for you. Maybe I'm just curious, in terms of the conversations that you and the team, are having with your truckload customers as - and you think about kind of the order progression as we go in the coming months. It seems, and I don't know if you would agree with this. And obviously, you've lived through lots of these truck cycles over time. But just with respect to kind of this election uncertainty, and the range of political and kind of regulatory outcomes that that may come about. I'm just curious, do you think there's more - there's always this notion of there's kind of a wait and see around the election, but it does seem like from our standpoint anyway, maybe this year is a little bit greater. So I'm curious, can you share that thought? And if so, would you think it's fair that maybe there's a potential, for more of a delayed order cadence as we look into '25?
Preston Feight: I think that we have some really smart customers, and our observations in those conversations as they think very clearly, about their economic conditions that they're operating in. And I think they know that there needs to be a steadiness to their buying cycle of trucks, because it's good for their operating models. And so, they've been probably reluctant on the truckload side, to be able to make the capital truck purchases they wanted for the last little while, just based upon rates. And I think, they're kind of hopeful that, that's going to change. And I think, far more important than anything like election is when those rates change, then they will probably increase the cadence of their buys. And I think that that's what they're thinking about.
Tim Thein: Got it. Okay. And then just with respect to the deliveries in North America seems from some of the third-party data that maybe in the third quarter, you had a little bit heavier on medium duty relative to heavy duty. Is there a - is there any normalization that may occur in fourth quarter? Or is that - is it not enough to call out in terms of from a mix perspective as you think 3Q to 4Q?
Preston Feight: Harrie, you were talking - you and I were talking about that, weren't you?
Harrie Schippers: Yes. So medium-duty volumes were a little bit higher in the third quarter was some catch up related to some extent. So in the fourth quarter, we expect a more normal medium versus heavy mix than like we used to see.
Tim Thein: Got it. Okay. And I assume, Harrie, that there's not the implications from a profit perspective aren't what they would have been several years ago, just given the improvement in medium-duty side, is that fair?
Harrie Schippers: The margins on our medium-duty products are well in line with the heavies these days.
Preston Feight: Nice observation, Tim.
Harrie Schippers: As a percentage, the smaller trucks, but the percentage is very similar.
Tim Thein: All right, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kyle Menges with Citi. Kyle, please go ahead.
Kyle Menges: Thank you. I was just curious on the R&D guide for next year, just how we interpret the step-up in R&D guidance for next year, especially given market we could be in kind of a flat to slightly up market - global market for you guys next year?
Preston Feight: Well, if you think about where we're at this year and if you took a midpoint at $460 million, and then you said if you took the midpoint on something like five, or a little over $500 million. It's not that big of a change. And the way we think about R&D is when we have important good projects to work on. Be they powertrain or new truck systems, or connectivity, or electronics or all the things that will make our trucks more profitable for the customers, then we make those investments. And this is the right level of R&D investment for that.
Kyle Menges: Got it. And then I know you've talked about a strong vocational market into next year more related to Class 8. But just any thoughts on how we should be thinking about the medium-duty market next year in North America?
Preston Feight: I think, we should see a healthy medium-duty market again next year in North America as well. I think it's been good this year. And there is, as you just kind of indicated there's some portion of that sits into the vocational market. But overall, it should be a good market - remain a good market, is probably the right way to say it, Kyle.
Kyle Menges: All right, thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chad Dillard with Bernstein. Chad, please go ahead.
Chad Dillard: Hi. Good morning, guys. So I just got a question for you on…
Preston Feight: Hi Chad.
Chad Dillard: Hi, how are you? So just a question for you on what you're embedding for your '25 North America truck guide. Just trying to think through the split between vocational versus tractor. I think you mentioned truck was about 50% in '24. Is that the same or a little bit higher pre-buy embedded? And then, I think you mentioned that the provision of price cost will go into reverse than '25. So is it fair to say that the fourth quarter is probably the trough for TP and gross margins?
Preston Feight: I think what we'll expect to see is the vocation market remains strong, but there's probably a pickup in the truckload sector so the ratio of tractor to truck might move around a little bit towards heavier tractor, as we go through the year next year. See how that starts and when that takes effect, as you mentioned. But I think that what we're seeing now, as we said, as we started this year in a really strong position. We're finishing at a point where the truckload carriers, are still feeling tension. And then as we get into next year into 2025, they're going to want to continue to buy trucks, keep their fleets at the right age. And so, we'll see some increase in the truckload purchases throughout the year. Timing for that, we'll see.
Chad Dillard: Got it. Okay. And then a second question for you on the Finco business. Just how should we think about that going into the end of the year and in '25? And more specifically, just looking at like the interest and other borrowing expenses, seem like there's a pretty big step up and just trying to do through how that evolves.
Harrie Schippers: The finance company continues to show strong performance. We have a very healthy portfolio of mainly A and B customers, past dues remain low, seen a little credit losses, but that's normal at this point in the cycle. So as we get into next year, we'll continue to see strong performance of the finance company interest rates, we are time hedged there. So we issue medium-term notes in line with the leases, and the financing contracts that we offer. So, we don't have a lot of exposure there.
Brice Poplawski: And in the portfolio, this is Brice. I'd just like to add that our portfolio is growing very nicely, because we have a market right now where the banks are getting out at times, and we're seeing a little bit less competition. Our market share is up actually nicely here in the quarter, and we expect strong continued performance in our business here.
Chad Dillard: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeff Kauffman with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead, Jeff.
Jeffrey Kauffman: Thank you very much. Hi, everybody.
Preston Feight: Hi Jeff.
Jeffrey Kauffman: I would talk a little bit about. Thank you and congratulations. I want to talk a little bit about the South American growth, is going to be exceeding that in the near term for North America and Europe. Does this at all change the specs on the trucks in terms of what you're seeing and how that might affect ASP?
Preston Feight: If you think about the truck specific to Brazil, which is the largest market in South America, we're participating in, is that it really is the DAF truck that we're using there. So - and that truck is kind of effectively the same truck as we get in Europe. And we have had to put together certain specs for them, where they're operating in different operating conditions. More 6x4s, more sugarcane kind of applications, lumber hauling applications. So it's a bit of heavier duty, so maybe the selling price is a slight bit higher there? But in general, I tend to think about them like a European truck.
Jeffrey Kauffman: Okay. And then as we transition in 2025 at some point to a market where maybe truckload LTL is growing a little faster than vocational and international. How might that be affecting ASP as we work our way through '25?
Preston Feight: And I wouldn't put too much energy into trying to figure out the nuance to that, if it was me. I think that you could obviously think that a high content vocational truck is more expensive than a maybe a standard 6x4 tractor, but I wouldn't probably try to parse that together.
Harrie Schippers: That's probably higher in a bigger range in prices for our vocational trucks than you would see for on-highway.
Preston Feight: Yes. And then if you keep the vocational segment, and you start thinking about the medium-duty participation in that, I think you'd have a hard thing to kind of suss out there.
Jeffrey Kauffman: Fair enough. I was just looking for some context and that's fine. So that's my one question.
Preston Feight: Thanks, Jeff. Good to talk to you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Feniger with Bank of America. Please go ahead, Michael.
Michael Feniger: Great. Yes. Thank you, gentlemen, for taking my questions. You guys have really been investing in the business in your trucks, in your facilities. I'm just curious how much more capacity can you bring on to serve the U.S. market? Is it 10% to 15%? Is it 20% more than what you guys could do previously? And is this higher capacity? Is this available in 2025 in the second half if we see that ramp? Or is this more of a 2026 that you guys can raise capacity in some of these facilities?
Preston Feight: Hi Mike, thanks for the comments. They're nice to hear. The thing we're doing with our capital expenditures, as we noted, as we are making investments in the factories, and that's not a new thing, right? We've been doing that over the past few years in anticipation of where the markets will be in our growth. So some of those capacity investments are in and complete, others are underway. So we have all the capacity we need for the markets in the coming years. We will not be capacity constrained, and we do anticipate growth. So that feels really positive.
Michael Feniger: Okay. That's helpful. And then just, I guess, the last question. You guys talked a little bit about a normalization of the used market in North America, a little weaker in Europe. I was hoping you kind of flush that out. And I'm curious if the spread between the new price for a truck, let's say, in 2025 versus what you're seeing for a used truck right now, is that spread kind of normal? Is it wider than usual? Just curious if you guys are seeing anything there in the market? Thank you.
Harrie Schippers: As the used truck market normalizes, also that spread becomes more normal.
Preston Feight: If I were to think about it, I would think that what we've seen is as we said, used truck prices have found their space right now. And I think the trucks in the used market will look pretty good to us in 2025. And like we said, we also expect the new trucks to improve in 2025 in terms of market outlook. So, it feels like they're staying together, right? There's not a big separation between new and used.
Harrie Schippers: And just looking at our inventory position in North America that used truck inventory is at very, very healthy levels for us. So that gives us confidence that we'll be able to operate at good levels there.
Michael Feniger: That was helpful. Thanks gentlemen. And just the last one to squeeze in. Just on parts. I'm curious if there's anything you guys would call out that's weighed on the margin for parts that might normalize, or go away next year? Like if next year if parts are up 5%, do you think the profit for parts can grow more than 5%? Just kind of curious on the puts and takes of what you guys have been seeing the last - this year and how we think about that for '25? Thank you.
Preston Feight: It's a good question, fun to think about. I think as we noted in our comments, right, there is a smaller overall after-sales market in 2024. So purely the number of parts overall has gone down that are being sold, but the parts team has grown the business even in that environment. So I think, as the overall after-sales market picks up with increased freight activity that will be good for the business and should be a tailwind for us. Emily?
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Research. Scott, please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hi, thanks, guys. I just want to follow-up on the - some of the gross margin commentary. So you got a comment that first half would be pressured and then improve in the second half next year. I'm wondering, was that a year-over-year or a sequential comment? Meaning, do we see further sequential gross margin pressure in the first half, from where we are now? Or was that just purely a year-over-year comment?
Preston Feight: Yes, Scott, you might have heard more than we said even there. I think what we actually said was we feel like, we will see improvement through the course of 2025. I can't be so specific as to know how that's going to play off. But it does feel like it will be a mirror edge of this year. So the strength we saw in the first half in '24 will be - and then, the normalization in the third, fourth quarter here, likely will be inverted, as we get into 2025. But the specifics of that, they're hard to detail out.
Scott Group: Yes. I mean, ultimately, I'm trying to figure out if you think that this Q4 is the bottom for gross margin?
Preston Feight: Yes. I think I understand that. And I think your intuitions aren't far off.
Scott Group: Okay. And then just lastly, any thoughts on how you're sort of thinking about approaching the market next year in terms of market share growth, or a little bit more focused on price? How are you balancing that for next year?
Preston Feight: Well, we like to see market share growth and we like to see ourselves perform well as a company for our shareholders, we'll be pursuing both of those next year.
Scott Group: Thank you, guys.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Ken Hastings: I'd like to thank everyone for joining the call, and thank you, Emily.
Operator: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. This concludes our call, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-23 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PACCAR’s Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today’s call is being recorded and if anyone has any objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR’s Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR’s Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Preston Feight, Chief Executive Officer; Harrie Schippers, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Brice Poplawski, Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls, we ask that any members of the media on the line participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties that may affect expected results. For additional information, please see our SEC filings and the Investor Relations’ page of paccar.com. I would now like to introduce Preston Feight.
Preston Feight: Hey, good morning. Harrie, Brice, Ken and I will update you on our excellent second quarter results and business highlights. I’d like to start by saying thank you to PACCAR's great employees who provide our customers with the best trucks and transportation solutions in the world. They are really an impressive group of people. PACCAR's excellent revenues of $8.8 billion and net income of $1.12 billion were due to the strong performance of truck and parts operations around the world. PACCAR Parts second quarter revenues increased to $1.7 billion. Parts pre-tax profits were $414 million with 30.3% gross margin. PACCAR Financial achieved good pre-tax income of $111 million. And truck, parts, and other gross margins were very strong 18% in the second quarter. Looking at the U.S. and Canadian truck market, the vocational segment, where Peterbilt and Kenworth are the market leaders, remains strong with continued infrastructure investments. The less than truckload market is also performing well while being offset by a truckload segment where rates remain soft. Kenworth and Peterbilt’s first half share grew significantly to 31.5%, up from 27.7% in the same period last year. We estimate this year’s U.S. and Canadian Class 8 market to be in a range of 240,000 to 280,000 trucks. Demand for medium-duty trucks continues to be strong, Kenworth and Peterbilt have increased their medium-duty market share in the first six months this year to 17.3% compared to 12.8% in the same period last year. In Europe, economies and the truck market are softer this year. DAF’s premium new trucks provide customers with the latest technology and best operating efficiency. We project the 2024 European above 16-ton market to be in a range of 260,000 to 300,000 trucks. South America is a region of PACCAR's geographic growth. DAF Brazil increased market share to 10.3% in the first six months of this year, compared to 9.2% a year ago. DAF trucks are highly desired by customers in South America. Over the last few quarters, we've been updating you on the progress of a battery joint venture that PACCAR formed with Cummins, Daimler Truck, and EVE Energy. This joint venture, named Amplify Cell Technologies will produce state-of-the-art batteries that are specifically designed for commercial vehicle duty cycles. Amplify Cell Technologies began construction of the new factory in the second quarter. PACCAR continues to demonstrate strong performance through all phases of the business cycle and is expanding its global manufacturing capacity, as we are excited about the future. Harrie Schippers will now provide an update on PACCAR parts, PACCAR financial services, and other business highlights. Harrie?
Harrie Schippers: Thanks, Preston. PACCAR delivered 48,400 trucks and achieved excellent truck parts and other gross margins of 18% in the second quarter. We estimate third quarter deliveries to be around 43,000 trucks to 44,000 trucks, with strong truck parts and other gross margins of around 17%. The third quarter delivery estimate reflects normal truck markets and the regular summer production shutdown in Europe. PACCAR parts achieved excellent second quarter gross margins of 30.3%. Parts quarterly sales grew by 4% compared to the same period last year and is expected to grow around 4% for the rest of this year. PACCAR Parts focus on expanding its customer base and providing a full range of transportation solutions is enabling solid revenue growth in a softer after-sales market. PACCAR Parts opened a new distribution center in the country of Colombia in the second quarter and will open another distribution center in Germany later this year. Each new distribution center increases the number of dealers and customers benefiting from receiving Parts on the same or next day. PACCAR financial is having another good year. PACCAR financial services' second quarter pre-tax income was $111 million, reflecting its high-quality portfolio and normal used truck markets. PACCAR achieved an industry-leading return on invested capital of 27% in the first half of this year. In 2024, we're projecting R&D expenses in the range of $460 million to $480 million as we continue to invest in key technology and innovation projects. These include a full suite of high-quality clean diesel and zero-emission powertrains, innovative advanced driver assistance systems, and new connected vehicle services that enhance our customers' operational efficiency. PACCAR is planning capital investments in the range of $725 million to $775 million this year as we continue expanding manufacturing capacity at our factories in Europe, the United States, Mexico, Brazil, and Australia. These investments are supporting PACCAR's growth as well as our customers' success. PACCAR's investments in its industry-leading truck lineup, efficient manufacturing capacity, best-in-class parts, and financial services businesses, and the continued development of advanced technologies, position the company well for today and for the future. Thank you, we'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Steven Volkman with Jefferies. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Steven Volkmann: Hi, good morning, gentlemen. Thank you for taking the question.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Steven Volkmann: The question is, appreciate it, the question actually is kind of around your sort of R&D and CapEx ramp that we're seeing. It strikes me that probably one of the key things that I would worry about would be if there's a potential that the various emission regulations actually change with a changing government. And I'm assuming you guys must have some good connections in Washington and certainly not asking you to pontificate on the outcome of this, but is there a risk in your mind that the target moves here and that you actually may have to do something different than what you're currently doing relative to these regulations?
Preston Feight: Good question. Thanks for taking the time to ask it. I'd start by saying that the reason our R&D and CapEx expenses are moving upward is because we have a lot of really good projects to work on. They come in the form of technology related to emissions, but also just improvements in operating efficiency of trucks and transportation solutions we can provide to our customers. So when we have a good set of projects, we invest in them and that's what we're doing right now. Regarding the changes in emissions regulations, we don't have the answer to that. And what we do think is it's unlikely and that it won't change the total number of trucks PACCAR delivers over a few year period of time. It might just shift the timing of those.
Steven Volkmann: Okay, great. And can you speak broadly to how much capacity you're adding across the system with these various investments?
Preston Feight: We've shared with you previously that our intention is to grow our market share. And so what we're doing is getting capacity in a line with that, so that if we see peak market conditions that are kind of similar to what we saw in 2023, that we can grow market share in those markets as well. So you could think of it as like a 10% to 15% in some case increase in capacity.
Steven Volkmann: Great. Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Preston Feight: You bet. Have a good day.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher with UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Steven Fisher: Thanks for taking the question. And good morning. Just wanted to unpack the Q3 expected 17% truck parts and other margins a little bit. Can you just give us a sense of, how much of a factor if there's any perhaps one-time costs in there, any pricing changes or pressure, any mix from trucks versus Parts in there? I would have thought that that might be a little more supportive. Just anyway to unpack that 17% a little bit.
Preston Feight: Well, I would start by saying remember in Q3 there's a typical holiday season in Europe that takes a few thousand units out, which has some impact to it. I'd also say that as we look at the truckload sector, our customers' rates are remaining low. And I think that has some opportunity of impact for pricing and cost balance in the third quarter as well. But there's no big one-time thing sitting in there.
Steven Fisher: Okay. And then maybe on the Parts margin specifically in the quarter, can you talk about what drove the negative incremental this quarter and what maybe you're expecting for Q3 and Q4? It was just a surprising takedown. Just, kind of wondering if this is a maybe a more broader correction after a strong period of the cycle or is there maybe just any sort of one-time dynamic?
Preston Feight: No, I think what you look at is the comps are really strong from last year when the market was just constrained by supply. And now it's not. So I think everybody's participating in the truck and the parts market. I think the team is just doing a fantastic job. I mean, 30.3% Parts margins are very strong and continue to be strong. So we think that we'll see improvement in those as time comes along again. But obviously, we're making sure that we keep our share of the market. And I would kind of remind that the after-sales market is down this year. And so Parts growing in a down after-sales environment is a testament to their great abilities. And still achieving margins above 30%.
Steven Fisher: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Tami Zakaria with JPMorgan. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Tami Zakaria: Hi, everyone. Thank you so much. So I think, Preston, I just heard you say, hi. So I think I just heard you say that Q3, typically Europe sees some seasonal shutdown. And over the last few years, we've seen fourth quarter deliveries actually a bit higher than the third quarter. Is that how we should be thinking about this year as well?
Preston Feight: No, I think what we'd say in the previous years is you can look at a lot more other factors driving things. There was timing of deliveries. I mean, there's the term that you all would like to use, the red tags of a period of a couple of years ago. So I think you'd have to say we're in a more normal operating environment right now. And normal feels healthy and good, but you'd expect the Q3 deliveries to be in that 43,000 to 44,000 range.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. That's helpful. And then my second question is, I think you tweaked lower the U.S. Canada outlook by about 10,000 units. What are some of the pockets of strength versus weakness? What I'm trying to understand is which category within that bucket weakened in the last few months that drove you to reduce the outlook?
Preston Feight: Sure, Tami. Good question to think about the totality of the market. What we see is like the vocational market remains strong for us. We still have a lot of demand for our market-leading trucks for Peterbilt and Kenworth in that space. The LTL market remains healthy with kind of a normal cadence to it. But I think our customers in the truckload sector are still seeing spot rates at low levels and contract rates at low levels. And maybe that's the part that there might have been an expectation of starting to lift off the bottom at this point for them.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. Okay, great. Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Angel Castillo with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Angel Castillo: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to go back to the comment about price cost and perhaps, hi, Preston just the price cost comment around the Parts segment, if we could kind of expand on that more broadly for trucks, parts, and the full kind of equipment business. Just curious if price cost is going to be a little bit more negative or under pressure across just the broader business. And your comment around maintaining share in the Parts business, how should we think about that as it pertains to pricing strategy, both in Parts, but also any kind of weakness in trucks as well and pricing strategy there?
Harrie Schippers: Price cost in the second quarter for trucks, price was up slightly less than a percent, cost was up slightly more than a percent. So pretty much in balance. If we look at the Parts business, price was up 3%, cost was up 5%. So a little bit more margin pressure there, as we saw in the 30.3% gross margin for Parts. But a really nice performance if you take into account that the overall aftermarket Parts market was smaller, especially in the U.S. and Canada this year.
Preston Feight: Yes, just kind of what Harrie said, Angel. I think the fact that our after-sales parts team is growing in a market that's declining, that our truck division and Peterbilt and Kenworth are growing market share in a market that's smaller last year is just a testament to the high quality products and transportation solutions the team's providing. And I think it's just showing up there.
Angel Castillo: That's very helpful. And maybe just to kind of continue down that path, just in terms of your order book fill rate for the third quarter and fourth quarter, could you just talk about the level of visibility that you have beyond maybe as we think about even heading into the fourth quarter and orders? Yes, just any comments there.
Preston Feight: Sure, happy to do that, Angel. Yes, you bet. If you look at the third quarter, we have a few openings left in the third quarter, but we're substantially full for the quarter. And in the fourth quarter, we're over half full. So obviously, as we said before, the vocational segment is the place where they have the greatest strength and then the LTL market, less than truckload market. And then the truckload carriers, I think, are trying to decide what their cadence is going to be for the balance of the year.
Angel Castillo: Very helpful. Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Cook with Trist. Please go ahead, your line is now open.
Jaime Cook: Hi, good morning. I guess just two questions. Back to, I mean your orders I think, or sorry, your deliveries were 48.4000 relative to your expectation of 48. So a little ahead, but your margin was at the lower end of your targeted range of 18% to 18.5%. So was there anything else impacting the margin besides the price costs sort of headwind that you just spoke to? I'm just wondering if there's anything else unusual on that. And then do you expect price costs to continue to be negative into the fourth quarter? And then I guess my follow-up question on Europe, I think your deliveries are down 30% for the first half relative to your industry retail sales forecast of down 13 to down 22. So why are we underperforming or in pleasure [ph] of performing the market at least in the first half of year? Just any color on that. Thank you.
Preston Feight: Sure, Jamie. I think that was actually three questions, but it's good to hear from you and nice to get the questions from you. If you look at any other commentary around the 48.4 and the 18%, there's not really anything different that we'd share on that. It's kind of exactly what we thought would happen. Obviously we had a, we had a, the industry had a supplier who had an issue in Mexico in the quarter and we kind of had to manage through that. So I think that we managed through our teams that have a fantastic job working with the supplier who did a great job recovering and that allowed us to get to that 48.400 number. So kudos to the suppliers, kudos to our teams and our ops teams for getting that sorted out and that led to the strong performance. I think you could say that the trend from Q1 to Q2 and to Q3 should be similar and that will have price and cost challenges sitting in front of us with that implied in the 70%. And again, the reason is, is I think we're looking at the truck load carriers and watching how they're making their decisions right now and seeing where they go from there. But that being offset by strong vocational and LTL markets and a very good performing medium duty truck. So the trucks are performing well. It's just the underlying basis of contract rates I'd say. And then maybe Harrie, any commentary on trends in the EU?
Harrie Schippers: Yes, in Europe, the volume for down 30%, as you mentioned Jamie, especially in Central and Eastern Europe where DAF is strong, the market is softening. So DAF is working through that. We continue to benefit from our new DAF, which has the best fuel economy in this industry and it's positioned in a premium pricing position. So we'll continue to benefit from that. But yes, weakest [ph] Central and Eastern European markets do have an impact on DAF a little bit more than proportional for Europe in general.
Preston Feight: And I think, Carrie, you said it, but I just re-emphasize the fact that the pricing discipline of the team is very good right now.
Jaime Cook: Thank you. I appreciate the call.
Preston Feight: Yes, you bet.
Operator: The next question comes from David Raso with Evercore ISI. David, please go ahead. Your line is now open.
David Raso: Hi, thank you for the time. I was just curious, your conversations with customers regarding the potential or already putting in motion plans for a pre-buy, has the tone or the conversation changed all with the last month of what we've seen politically? And then I have a quick follow-up on U.S. Canada, we call it North America inventory. I know you're looking to gain share and you've gained share already this year, but I'm just trying to be thoughtful about going into 2025, the inventory in the industry is a bit elevated, right? The backlog to build is pushing below 4. So just how do you see your inventory exiting 2024 into 2025? And again, circle back if you can to the question about the pre-buy.
Preston Feight: Yes, sure. So David, pre-buy, we're spending a lot of time with our customers. I don't think there's been any change in kind of their assumptions. The EPA rules are sitting out there already. I think they'll probably remain out there. It's easy to hypothesize they wouldn't, but I think that's speculative. And so I think they're trying to figure out what their buying plans will be in 2025 and then into 2026. But I don't think there's any change in assumption right now. I think trucks are being well-used. There is a lot of freight being moved out there. So trucks are being healthily consumed and they'll need a replacement at some point. I'd also say that from an inventory standpoint, the industry is at like 3.9 months of retail sales. And PACCAR is at a very healthy 3.3 months. So as we're seeing our market share gain, we feel like our inventory is in really good shape. And I would add to that the factor that we have such a high vocational share that's also contributing to where our inventory levels are at. So things feel quite good for us in terms of inventory with the shared growth we're realizing.
Harrie Schippers: I'll kind of just follow up on that comment on vocational. Obviously it's a strength for PACCAR. Are you looking at the vocational market where you're having, say, better visibility into 2025 already, just given a key supplier that's maybe limiting a little bit how many vocational you can sell? How should we think about vocational into 2025 versus, obviously we all can think through a pre-buy or not, but the vocational in particular. Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet. I think that with the infrastructure spending that's just getting really going in the U.S. and the amount of reshoring that seems to be happening, that bodes well for a strong vocational market for a while, and there have been supply constraints in the inventory or in the vocational side of the market. So I think that we see steady strength for quite a period of time.
David Raso: All right, thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Jerry Revich: Yes, hi. Good morning, everyone. I just want to ask on warranties. Hi, Preston. On warranties, you folks have put up really good margin for the past couple of years while paying for higher warranty costs that were out of period. Where do we stand now? Are your warranty accrual rates starting to come down? Are we starting to see that tailwind playing out in the numbers?
Preston Feight: Yes, good observation, Jerry. Warranty costs have been developing very favorable, and it reflects the excellent trucks that we're currently building and that customers are experiencing. So yes, that's moving into the right direction.
Jerry Revich: And, Harrie can I ask the cost number if I heard right for Parts was up 5% year-over-year? What drove that, and what's the outlook for cost per unit for your Parts business? If we see it continue at this 5% rate, is it fair to think about pricing re-accelerating to recoup that for the Parts business?
Harrie Schippers: I think for the pricing, I said pricing was up 3%, and cost was up 5%, and we expected continued to see favorable pricing developments as we move through the year. I think as we look forward in the Part side, maybe specifically, we would start to see some improvement in price versus cost in the outer quarter.
Jerry Revich: So was it just a one-off related to a supplier issue that you spoke about earlier, or was that just on the OEM side? I'm just wondering how broad-based is the inflation that we saw in the quarter versus just transitory?
Preston Feight: The 5% cost increase is broad-based. Its inflation in the Parts business is a little different than the trucking business. But the price versus cost reflects the softer off the sales market in North America, mainly, that we talked about earlier during the call.
Jerry Revich: And lastly, I'm wondering if you could just update us on the performance of your trucks in California that are on the new emissions specs, what's been the fuel economy and broader performance since you rolled out the new engines?
Preston Feight: The California market has taken a bit of a pause and a breath. I think, as the Advanced Clean Fleet, Advanced Clean Truck rules have come into place, the market has slowed down and say that we are the only ones that have developed an engine that I'm aware of, an engine that is fully compliant. And so that engine is just entering the market because there was a lot of carryover from last year there but that engine is entering the market and will be an early look at technology for 2027 and really pleased to be kind of leading the way into that.
Jerry Revich: Super. Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: The next question comes from Chad Dillard with Bernstein. Please go ahead. Chad, your line is open.
Chad Dillard: All right. Good morning, guys.
Preston Feight: Hey, Chad.
Chad Dillard: So, got a two-part question. Hey, so if you compare the truck industry today to what it was, let's say, five years ago, how has the industry's ability to hold on to price changed? That's the first part. And then second, if it comes to it, is PACCAR willing to seize truck market share if it means holding the line on price?
Preston Feight: That's a great -- I love your first question in there and thinking about the truck market today and the ability. I think that the market has access to great PACCAR products that are providing a lower total cost of ownership today, more than at any point in history. And so these trucks are helping our operators be more successful, our customers be more successful, and I think that's contributing to a structurally stronger PACCAR where we're able to realize better margins cycle over cycle, and we're doing that. And I think the same is true on our transportation solutions and our PACCAR Parts businesses where we're able to get more and more Parts to our customers in the same day which is highly valuable to them which is also helpful to them. So I think that that's why the structurally stronger business is working so well.
Harrie Schippers: The one thing that drives this, Chad, is also the legislation on greenhouse gas reductions. So over the last five, eight years, we've been improving clean air gas emissions, which means fuel economy improvement for our customers. So it means that if you buy a new truck today compared to five years ago, you'll get a truck with 10%, 15% better fuel economy. And that's creating a lot of value for our customers.
Chad Dillard: Got you. And then the second part, I mean, if it comes to it, is PACCAR willing to seize truck at market share with inventory to hold [ph] the line on price?
Preston Feight: Well, what I look at right now is I think the team's done a fantastic job of looking at the share growth that we're realizing right now. I mean, we've gone from 27.7% last year to 31.5% this year and delivered 18% gross margins in the second quarter. I'm really proud of what they're doing in keeping both in balance.
Chad Dillard: Okay, thank you. That's all for me.
Preston Feight: You bet. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Rob Wertheimer: Thank you, Ed. Preston, I wonder if you'd expand [ph] on the comments, the share performance is remarkable. I know there's probably a mixed benefit on vocational versus sleeper cabs or whatever, but it seems like it's probably more than that and more broad based. So I wonder if you just have any comments to help on the sustainability of that or what's driven it aside from DAF [ph] products.
Preston Feight: Sure, I think that over the last few years, as we've shared often with you, we've invested in new product upgrades and we've spent wisely in our research and development efforts. And the trucks out there are performing exceptionally well for our customers. And that's contributing to the share growth. I also think we have a fantastic dealer network who's done a good job of taking care of our customers. And as I just mentioned, the Parts organization is also a fantastic support. And we offer great financial services. I don't think you can say it's one or the other, it's all of them that are structurally helping us. And then the additive to that is, as you said, a strong vocational market where we're the market leader is helpful as well. And we see that also in the medium duty side, right? It's not just the heavy duty side, but we introduced a new product and we've grown significantly with that new product and really supportive of our customers' businesses. And Harrie, anything you'd add?
Harrie Schippers: The last two or three years, I think we were also held back by supplier capacity. And now with the supply base easing up, we get the opportunity to go market share. And that's what we're doing with the great new products.
Rob Wertheimer: Okay, that makes sense. If I may, on the battery JV, it's still a ways out, I know, and the market is still going to develop. But do you have any thoughts on offtake, on ramping offtake of the batteries? I don't know whether it's clear to you, whether that'll be largely medium duty or whether you're still introducing products that will absorb those batteries or just any comments on where the evolution of that is? And I'll stop there. Thank you.
Preston Feight: Great question. I think it's what we're all trying to understand in the future. It's part of the reason we did this in a joint venture is we wanted to develop batteries that were optimized for the commercial vehicle market and had a great cost position for them. So we had the most competitive products out there. So we get scale here, but we also get benefits of cost. The primary applications will start, I think, in return to base. So that could be medium duty or pickup and delivery where trucks' total cost of ownership could be positive with a battery operation, but you can keep your charging in a local area. I think that will be kind of how we thought about the offtake, and it'll take, I think, significantly more time before this would translate into an over-the-road solution. But we can use this battery factory to serve other markets as well. It's not just have to be North America. And I think it was a proven to be a good decision the way we structured it.
Rob Wertheimer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead, your line is now open.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes, thanks for the question, guys. I guess maybe just starting with the 3Q delivery outlook. So I know we've got the usual production shutdown in Europe, which has an impact of a few thousand units. Does that imply that U.S. and Canada is kind of flat to down slightly from a delivery perspective?
Preston Feight: No, I think I would look at it, Nicole, as saying that that's half of the total delivery shift between 2Q and Q3, and then the other is market.
Harrie Schippers: Market in North America…
Preston Feight: Market in North America. And America adjustments that I would say are reflecting in that.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay, got it. That's clear. Thank you. And then, sorry to belabor the point on price. I know you guys have had this question like a million different ways, but is there a risk within the truck segment only that pricing could potentially go negative in the back half, or is that not what you guys would expect to see?
Harrie Schippers: So we get guidance for the third quarter with an excellent 17% gross margin. Fourth quarter, we'll talk about that during the next call, Nicole.
Preston Feight: Yes, I think I would look at it also in saying that while prices is feeling effective in the market, you could also say that costs might have some opportunity, but just not as much as price right now. And so I think, as you said, we talked about the Q3 gets less clear at Q4, but we'll definitely update you in the next call.
Nicole DeBlase: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kyle Menges with Citigroup. Please go ahead, Kyle. Your line is open.
Kyle Menges: All right. Thank you. I just wanted to clarify the Parts growth outlook, 4% in the back half of the year. Should we think about that as a guide for 4% growth in 3Q and then another 4% year-over-year growth in 4Q?
Harrie Schippers: That sounds about right.
Kyle Menges: Okay. And then I'm curious, how much does the opening of some of these distribution centers impact that growth outlook?
Harrie Schippers: They support the growth. It's not, if you add a distribution center that automatically results in Parts growth, but it gives us a proximity and capacity for Parts and better delivery performance that benefits our dealers and customers. So it definitely supports the growth, but it's not the only thing that drives the Parts sales.
Preston Feight: Yes, I think exactly what Harrie said. I'd echo the fact that these investments are strategic and long-term in thinking, right? They just build a better support system for our customers and our ability to get same-day deliveries, which contributes to the long-term success and performance of the Parts team.
Kyle Menges: Great. Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead, Scott. Your line is open.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks, guys. So I think you said you were roughly 50% sold out for fourth quarter. Do you have any just perspective? What's normal at this point of the year? Is that 50% of that right or not? And then as you start at some point, start selling trucks for 25, any directional color on price for the 25 trucks?
Preston Feight: Yes. I mean, 50% full for 4Q this time of year is extremely normal. So if you went back over the longest term, this is right in the wheelhouse of normal. And that's what we see in the market too. We see kind of a very normal, successful market where PACCAR can perform well. And I think that it's too early to talk about 2025 pricing.
Scott Group: Okay. And then just quickly, any color on used truck pricing and how you see that trending in the back half of the year?
Preston Feight: Yes, sure, Harrie.
Harrie Schippers: Used truck prices have come down to more normal levels. And especially in North America with inventories also at normal levels, we expect that to continue in the second half of this year.
Scott Group: Meaning you think that they continue to trend lower or you think they sort of stabilize from here?
Harrie Schippers: I would expect them to stabilize from here for the U.S. and Canada.
Scott Group: Okay. Helpful. Thank you, guys.
Preston Feight: You bet. Have a good day.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Feniger with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead, Michael. Your line is open.
Michael Feniger: Yes. Hi, everyone. Thanks for squeezing me in. Preston, you mentioned obviously rates have been softer on the truckload segment, contract rates are at low levels. It sounds like when you listen to the public players, there's overcapacity there. I'm just curious, do you feel like that can improve in a quarter or two or does that take more time to kind of work through that overcapacity based on your experience with cycles? It sounds like there's confidence on the vocational side into 2025. I'm just curious if we think that softness could kind of bleed into 2025 on that particular side of the market.
Preston Feight: Michael, it's a good question. I think we'll have to watch and see what that is. I think it's obviously not that easy to predict it. There's a lot of factors that go into it. So I think that our focus is on making sure that we gain our share of whatever the market size is, which teams are really demonstrating success in doing with great products. But knowing the cadence for when that might turn, I think you think in a couple of quarters might be a good way to think of it, plus or minus.
Michael Feniger: Fair enough. And Preston, I know there are so many questions on the pre-buy. I mean, you guys are investing and making sure you have capacity will be there. It sounds like others are, too. I'm curious roughly when a customer needs to place in order to secure slots ahead of the EPA 27. Is there just anything we should be aware of out of these emission standards change compared to others, can fleet wait for the second half of 2025 or early 2026 to place an order and secure a truck? Or does that start to cut it too close? I'm just curious how we should kind of think about that in the context of other emission change or changes.
Preston Feight: I would look at it and say that we have a long history in the industry of having these emissions changes. And I think when they bring cost into the market than people want to buy their product sooner. And I think we'll see the same kind of approach here. How far forward that will trend, I think it depends on too many factors to kind of weigh in on it.
Michael Feniger: Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeff Kauffman with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead, Jeff your line is open.
Jeffrey Kauffman: Thank you very much and good afternoon. My questions have been -- a lot of my questions have been asked at this point. So let me dig back into one that Rob Wertheimer asked. The market share gains are fantastic, and you guys have a great product lineup, and I know that's driving it. But out of the 380 basis points of market share that you improved, if you had to guess, I mean, how much of it was -- were dominant in categories that are outgrowing the market versus we've got new product, and we're taking share from other products in the existing market?
Preston Feight: Well, that's a fun question, Jeff. And I wish I knew the answer to it, but I would say that the two you characterized are probably the dominant characteristics of why the share gain is coming great products. And then I think the strong sectors where PACCAR is the leader. So I don't know if it's necessary to kind of put percentages on them. I think we'll just say that it's nice to see both performing so well.
Jeffrey Kauffman: I thought I'd ask if you had a view. Well, congratulations.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Miguel Borrega with BNP Paribas. Please go ahead Miguel, your line is open.
Miguel Borrega: Hi, good afternoon everyone. Thanks for taking my question. The first one, just wondering about the competitive environment in Europe, where the market is obviously weaker. Traditionally, that would lead to some price pressure. Are you seeing any of that today? Are you seeing any attempt of discount in any segment in particular, you see weaker from a pricing perspective? That's my first question.
Harrie Schippers: The market in Europe is down. And you're right, we're seeing some pricing pressure there. But I think the team does a really nice job in keeping the premium position of the new DAF in Europe, and we'll continue to do so.
Miguel Borrega: Thank you. That's very good. And then secondly, just in terms of the mix, can you give us some color whether the mix from a regional perspective was a positive or negative contributor to the margin with Brazil rebounding, Europe substantially down, but U.S. and Canada up. Can you help us understand the different moving parts, some kind of color?
Harrie Schippers: I don't think we -- I don't think the mix, geographical mix has a big impact on our overall margin. I think all the regions are performing really well at this point in the cycle.
Preston Feight: I think one of the things you can see that's really helpful to us is the strength in South America and Brazil specifically, another place where market share has grown significantly. So that's grown with good margin performance also. Obviously not as big as the U.S. and Europe, but it is a contributor in a positive way. So I think as Harrie said, all the teams are doing a good job of keeping the balances right. Pleased with the performance it's delivering.
Miguel Borrega: Thank you very much.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Thein with Raymond James. Please go ahead Tim, your line is open.
Tim Thein: Great. Thank you. Preston, first question I had was just how you're thinking about managing this outlook as you think about a softer -- softening in the back half of this year and potentially that leads [ph] into 2025, who knows. But then looking beyond that, we know at some point, assuming legislations go as planned, we're going to be looking at maybe the largest market ever. So coming off a period where the supply chain has kind of been whipped around and has struggled to ramp up, how do you kind of -- it's not just a PACCAR question, but how does the industry kind of balance those two forces where you have to you have to respond to conditions in the near term, but with also not jeopardizing yours and the supply chain's ability to ultimately then ramp back up? How do you kind of thread that needle?
Preston Feight: Yes, Tim, I think it's a very good question. And you know obviously, PACCAR quite well. And our approach is a long-term strategic view of the market. We're in it for the long-term. We're here to support our customers. We keep making smart investments, which are good for the long-term. And so we aren't quite as concerned about an outlook of what the market might be in a quarter. We're just going to doing the right things and gradually growing our share and increasing the performance of our products for our customers and growing the business. And that's the way it works out for us. And as we started the call with Harrie mentioned making investments in capital and products that support future growth, and we're going to continue doing that in the wisest way possible.
Tim Thein: Got it. Okay. And then the comment earlier just on the -- looking to the order board and specifically in the fourth quarter, that call it 50% full that you mentioned. A lot of airtime here on pricing. But I'm just curious what -- in terms of the composition of the backlog, obviously, that can influence or have an impact on the price realization. And so, and again, not specifically, but in terms of the mix between fleet versus retail, any sense for -- I mean, obviously, a year ago, and you couldn't get trucks now, inventories are a bit heavy. So I'm guessing that has flipped. Is that a factor in this price discussion in terms of just the composition of the orders and who the ultimate end buyers are?
Preston Feight: Well, I think that we've kind of hit that a couple of ways in this call, and I would say that the vocational market is -- continues to be solid. And so with that strength, that's good for us. Our inventory at 3.3 months compared to industry at 3.9 feels quite healthy and appropriate given the share gains we're making, and then I think the mixture of where truck and other things come in is there's some timing associated with that. We're sitting here in late July now. Fleets tend to enter into this a little bit later. Over the next couple of months, they'll get more clarity on what their capital allocation plans are for the next year, and then we'll see what that balance looks like in the fourth quarter.
Tim Thein: Got it. Okay, alright thank you Preston.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Ken Hastings: We'd like to thank everyone for joining the call, and thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's  First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded. 
 [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR's  Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead. 
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Preston Feight, Chief Executive Officer; Harrie Schippers, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Brice Poplawski, Vice President and Controller. 
 As with prior conference calls, we ask that any members of the media on the line participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive considerations that may affect expected results. For additional information, please see our SEC filings and the Investor Relations page of paccar.com. 
 I would now like to introduce Preston Feight. 
R. Feight: Good morning. Harrie, Brice, Ken and I will update you on our excellent first quarter results and business highlights. I'd like to begin by thanking PACCAR's outstanding employees who do a great job providing our customers with the highest quality trucks and transportation solutions in the industry. PACCAR achieved excellent revenues and net income in the first quarter due to the strong performance of its truck aftermarket parts and financial services businesses. 
 PACCAR achieved revenues of $8.74 billion and net income of $1.2 billion. This is comparable to adjusted net income of $1.18 billion in the first quarter of last year. Truck Parts and other gross margins were 19% in the first quarter. PACCAR's margin is benefiting from investments in new truck models, good global performance and PACCAR Parts continued growth. PACCAR Parts achieved record quarterly pretax income of $456 million, 6% higher than the $439 million earned in the first quarter of 2023. 2024 quarterly parts revenues increased to $1.68 billion, and we are pleased with the continued growth at PACCAR Parts after a record-setting 2023. 
 PACCAR Financial had a good quarter, achieving pretax income of $114 million. These results are comparable to the fourth quarter of 2023. Looking at the U.S. economy, GDP is estimated to grow 2.4% this year with a resilient labor market and healthy consumer spending. The vocational sector where Peterbilt and Kenworth are the market leaders remain strong with continued infrastructure investments. The less-than-truckload market is also performing well, while being offset by a softer Truckload segment. Kenworth and Peterbilt share in the first quarter was 30.3%, up from 27% in the same period last year. 
 Overall, we estimate this year's U.S. and Canadian Class 8 market to be in a range of 250,000 to 290,000 trucks. In the medium-duty markets, the new best-in-class Kenworth and Peterbilt models increased their combined first quarter share to 17%. We expect this year's medium-duty market to be around 100,000 units. In Europe, economies and the truck market are softer this year. DAF's premium new trucks provide customers with the latest technology and best operating efficiency. We project the 2024 European above 16-tonne market to be in a range of 260,000 to 300,000 trucks. The South American above 16-tonne truck market is expected to be in the range of 105,000 to 115,000 vehicles this year. 
 In Brazil, DAF achieved a record 10.7% share in the first quarter compared to 8.6% in the same period last year. DAF trucks are highly desired by customers in South America and the region is an important part of PACCAR's growth and success. In the third quarter of last year, PACCAR announced a commercial vehicle battery joint venture. And construction of the 21-gigawatt hour factory located in Mississippi is expected to begin this quarter. 
 PACCAR anticipates investing $600 million to $900 million over the next several years in this factory to create cost-efficient commercial vehicle batteries. PACCAR's industry-leading trucks, expanding Parts business, best-in-class financial services and advanced technology strategy position the company well for an excellent future. Harrie Schippers will now provide an update on truck deliveries, PACCAR Parts, PACCAR Financial Services and other business highlights. Harrie? 
Harrie Schippers: Thanks, Preston. PACCAR delivered 48,100 trucks during the first quarter and anticipate second quarter deliveries to be around 48,000. PACCAR achieved excellent truck parts and other gross margins of 19% in the first quarter. We anticipate second quarter margins to be strong and in the range of 18% to 18.5%. And PACCAR Parts had an outstanding first quarter with price gross margins of 32.5%. We estimate Parts sales to grow by 4% to 6% in the second quarter following last year's record performance. 
 PACCAR Parts' excellent long-term growth reflects the benefits of investments in transportation solutions that increase vehicle uptime and convenience for customers. PACCAR aftermarket Parts business provides strong profitability through all phases of the business cycle. PACCAR Parts has 19 parts distribution centers or PDCs worldwide, and is expanding its global distribution network with the construction of a new PDC in Germany, which will open this year. PACCAR Financial Services benefited in the first quarter from excellent portfolio quality. 
 Pretax income was $114 million. Used truck prices have normalized. With its largest portfolio, and superb credit quality, PACCAR  Financial is having another good year. PACCAR achieved an industry-leading return on invested capital of 28% in the first quarter. 
 In 2024, we're planning capital investments in the range of $700 million to $750 million and R&D expenses in the range of $460 million to $500 million as we continue to invest in key technology and innovation projects. These include clean diesel combustion engines, battery and hydrogen electric powertrains, advanced driver assistance systems and new connected vehicle services. PACCAR  is also investing in manufacturing capacity to support future growth, including expansions at Kenworth, Peterbilt, PACCAR Mexico, and DAF in Brazil and Europe. We're also investing in a new PACCAR engine remanufacturing facility in Columbus, Mississippi and in the new battery joint venture. We expect 2024 to be an excellent year. Thank you. We're pleased to answer your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question for today comes from Tami Zakaria from JPMorgan. 
Tami Zakaria: So my first question is on the deliveries for the second quarter, 48,000 around. Can you provide some color on how to think about deliveries that geography in the second quarter? 
R. Feight: Harrie, do you want to offer any comments? 
Harrie Schippers: Sure. I think, Tami. The spread over the geographies will be very similar to the first quarter. I don't think we expect too many big changes. I think Europe, North America, the rest of the world should be at similar levels, more or less, some variation, of course, but pretty close. 
Tami Zakaria: Got it. So my follow-up is how the dealer inventory looking like in North America, the reason I asked seems like your deliveries in North America was up almost 14% year-over-year in the first quarter, but some industry data vendors suggest that retail sales were down in the quarter. So do you -- can you comment on the health of the inventory in the channel? 
R. Feight: Sure. Happy to do that. First off, if you look at our inventory, it's really less than 3 months of inventory in the Class 8 side of it, when the industry is a little bit higher than us. One of the things to think about when you consider PACCAR's inventories are strong vocational market share. If you think about the fact that a vocational truck takes maybe 6 months longer to put into service, it means there's additional time. So the stronger vocational market has a natural cadence to increasing inventory. But overall, our inventory is in very good shape, and our market share is increasing. So we saw market share growth from 4Q to 1Q. We expect that we have the right mix of build and a healthy inventory. All feels pretty good. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Angel Castillo of Morgan Stanley. 
Angel Castillo Malpica: Congrats on a strong quarter. Just wanted to go back to your comment, I guess, to the prior question. Just in terms of the second quarter level of delivery is being similar to the first quarter, very strong deliveries in North America if we kind of assume similar deliveries in the second quarter were run rating at quite positive rates. So I just wanted to kind of then bridge that to the lowered guide for shipments for the full industry for North America. So can you help us understand what is otherwise a very strong first half, inventories that seem to be kind of at a good level versus an industry view that seems to be little bit more modest? Is it market share? Is it something specific to the second half? Just again, help us bridge that and understand the change. 
R. Feight: Yes, sure, happy to delve in that. First of all, the adjustment is a small adjustment and a midpoint of 270,000, we think, is a great market in North America. But also I think what you're seeing, we're reflecting as PACCAR is that we're continuing to demonstrate that our business is structurally stronger, that the margins are higher, that our market share is increasing in the U.S. and Canada, both in heavy duty and medium duty. 
 And so we feel good about the way the market is going for PACCAR, which is obviously a place we know the most about, and we feel very good about it. 
Angel Castillo Malpica: But maybe just from a broader industry perspective, was there anything in particular that kind of triggered the modest change? 
R. Feight: Yes, I think so. If we look at it and you said, we already mentioned the strong vocational market and the strong LTL market in our comments. And we do see the Truckload segment having continued softness, and you heard that in some of the public companies calls -- think that's balanced against the fact that at some point, they want to stay on their cadence of buying and that cadence is going to need to continue. So that's why we think the market is good for 2024. And then we would expect '25 and '26 to start to look even more positive as we head into the 2027 emission cycle. 
Angel Castillo Malpica: That's helpful. And then just lastly, just on the order books, could you just help us or just remind us where you're at in terms of kind of 2Q order book fill rate, 3Q and 4Q, at least industry data, it seemed like 2Q and 3Q are pretty full. Just help us understand the cadence of what kind of those rates are at now. 
R. Feight: Yes. We have good fill in the second quarter, substantially full through all markets and filling nicely into the third quarter now. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Wertheimer of Melius Research. 
Robert Wertheimer: I had a question just on the interest rate sensitivity where, I guess, historically, trucks have been perceived to be a market that you can stimulate or not with rising lower rates from the Fed. And are you seeing that as rates have risen, has that been a major factor in either new or used purchases? And to your earlier comments, Preston, it seems like vocational is a great setup right now. Is that less sensitive to vagaries of interest rates just because of megaproject demand infrastructure or older fleets. So just maybe any comments you have on that risk. 
Harrie Schippers: Robert, starting on the interest rate. So higher interest rates, of course, make trucks more expensive to lease for many of our customers. So it does have some impact there. But please also bear in mind that customers are buying a new truck today, they replace a 3 or 4 year old truck and that new truck comes with significant better fuel efficiency somewhere in the 7% to 12% range. So that offsets some of those higher interest rate payments. But of course, you're right, our customers would like lower interest rates, they always do. 
R. Feight: But as a percentage of their total just out in what Harrie's saying, it's a percentage of the total business for them, it's not that significant. And I think we also look at it and say, like interest rates are in pretty normal levels from a long-term history standpoint. So with the economy moving along nicely with economic growth expected, we think it should be a good year. 
Robert Wertheimer: Perfect. And then is vocational a different market. And I wonder if you could just comment on -- you mentioned it stronger. It seems obviously stronger. Just any comment on the bifurcation between that and the long-haul segment, how big that is or how wide that is, if it is more resilient given the infrastructure stuff. 
R. Feight: Sure. Great topic for us. And you think about it, we have over 40% share in the vocational market between Kenworth and Peterbilt. It's -- I mean, this is not a perfect number, but it's roughly 25% of the total market. Obviously, it varies plus or minus, and is exceptionally strong right now. Backlog is effectively full for that market through much of the year. We're kind of stacked up at body builders. So that bodes well for Kenworth and Peterbilt for the balance of the year and going forward. And we think just as you look at the infrastructure spending in the country, and that's continuing to happen, and it's going to continue to be strong for us. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Volkmann of Jefferies. 
Stephen Volkmann: I guess we'll get more detail in the queue, but can you just comment on how pricing is looking these days? 
R. Feight: Brice, do you want to share anything price? 
Brice Poplawski: Yes. Our pricing is approximately 3% higher, and that's very much in line with costs, Stephen. 
Stephen Volkmann: Got it. And then I'm curious, Preston, I think you said that you thought '25 and '26 would be improved or I think more positive, I wrote down here. Are you thinking that we will start to see some prebuy as early as '25? I know there's a very big price increase coming here. Just your thoughts about how that plays out. 
R. Feight: Yes, I do. I think, obviously, the future is unknowable caveat that for you. But I would say that when you look at the buying cycle and trucks are being run and the fact that people are sensitive to those emissions changes, that it should help '25 and '26 be very strong years for the industry. And I think the question that everybody is kind of trying to figure out is when will that start and how significant will that initiation point begin. So for right now, what we look at is the trucks we're producing are the best trucks we've ever built. They have great efficiency, and they're not only great new trucks, but they're also great used trucks in a few years. So between that spot, the '25 and '26 strengthening market, I think, all feels really good. 
Operator: Our next question is from Jamie Cook of Truist. 
Jamie Cook: Just on the answer to Steve's question, the 3% price that you said in line with costs. Was that -- can you, I guess, extinguish between truck OE and aftermarket? And then I guess, any commentary on pricing in the remaining 3 quarters. I'm just curious like your truck deliveries in the second quarter are similar to first, but margins are expected to be lower in the second quarter versus the first quarter. So any color on that? 
 And then I guess, follow-up, Preston. Obviously, margins have been very strong. As we're going through the cycle and demand is starting to, I guess, moderate. Any view on structurally how much you think your margins have improved versus potentially having to give a step back on price, just related to the market share and the new truck introduction. Just wondering how you're structurally thinking about margin improvement this cycle. 
R. Feight: You bet, Jamie. There's a lot of questions in there, but it's good to hear you. So I'd say to start with on the truck side, the price versus cost is 3 and 3. And on the Parts side, price is 3 and cost is 2. So that kind of helps you there kind of expect something maybe in a similar range going forward through the course of the year. That all, of course, leads into your questions on margin and I look at the margins. 
 One of the things we're really proud of our people at PACCAR are creating these great trucks, these great parts business systems because it is delivering these structurally stronger margins for everyone. Really happy with how that's going. The fact that we delivered a 19% margin in a time when there's a truckload carriers are a bit softer, feels really positive. And the fact that we shared with you the second quarter looks like 18% and 18.5%, really strong margins for the company, which is showing that we can demonstrate excellent performance through all parts of the business cycle. Really pleased with the team for what they're doing. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chad Dillard from Bernstein. 
Charles Albert Dillard: So I was hoping to get to your thoughts on the shape of the cycle. I think Preston, you mentioned that '25 to '26 would be a better year versus '24. Just want to get a sense for whether you're seeing a bottom in orders, like what gives you that confidence? And then do you think capacity needs to leave the market before you see an order rebound? 
R. Feight: Well, I think that right now, if I get with you, Chad, it's that what we're seeing is truckload sector, people want to keep buying trucks. They're concerned about getting aged inventory. They want to stay on buying cycle. I think that there is capacity out there, obviously. It's a very normal cycle is what it feels like right now, a healthy normal cycle. And their question is, when does this thing turn and when do they need to make sure that they're continuing to get their orders placed. So the conversations are their interest in the future and what's that going to look like? Is it 3 months from now, 6 months from now, a year from now, that they need to make sure they have acquired the capital and the trucks that they need. 
Charles Albert Dillard: Got it. That's helpful. And then just -- I'd like to get a little bit of color on your product strategy as you're pushing the prebuy. I know you guys did a pretty good job in Europe when there's a regulation change and introduced some new products that are real time with that. Just any color on how you're thinking about like the next couple of years on that. 
R. Feight: On our product strategy? Let's share it. First of all, again, a shout out to the team, what they've accomplished. There are a couple of things I'd like to mention on that. One is from a product strategy standpoint, we just introduced the new model 589 at Peterbilt in January, which is a fantastic new truck, an iconic truck. 
 It's doing really well in the market. So it's just part of our continued rollout of new products. The new medium-duty products in North America are doing exceptionally well. We see the market share continuing to grow. End of last year, we're at 14.5%, gone to 17% and medium duty with really strong margin performance. And then if I think more broadly about strategies of product introductions, we're continuing to develop new trucks, new engines, new alternative energy capability so that we have a very capable powertrain portfolio to handle the emissions changes that are coming forward and the uncertainty, frankly, that the industry will experience with regulations. So it feels like PACCAR is very well positioned to handle anything that comes forward at us. 
Harrie Schippers: And if I may add there, Preston, that the 2027 emissions that we will see nationwide, what CARB is doing this year is already very similar in 2024. And we will launch a PACCAR engine in California that meets their requirements this year. So we'll get -- we'll know exactly which technology to apply there. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Raso from Evercore ISI. 
David Raso: I'm curious about Europe. The deliveries for the first half of the year, it looks like you're planning to be down around 31% and the market guide, your midpoint is down 18%. You didn't change the guide for the industry. Just wanted to get your thoughts on, is that level of delivery clearing out inventory? Or just trying to understand your considerations of lowering the European industry guide when you're going through these numbers. Just trying to get a sense of how you view that market the rest of the year. 
R. Feight: Yes, I think I'll start and Harrie can add whatever he'd like to. I would say that the European truck market has seen softening, and that's especially true in Central and Eastern Europe, which are strong markets for DAF. So we've seen those delivery numbers adjust appropriately around that. And we have the build dialed into the delivery schedule. So we think that the new DAF truck continues to deliver for PACCAR great margin performance, which is a pretty important thing for us with this new product, it's delivering great fuel economy for our customers. And so I think that you're just seeing the cadence of the market down and we would expect to see that probably continue throughout the year. Maybe you'd add, Harrie? 
Harrie Schippers: Coming off -- we're also coming off a record quarter in last year. First quarter of 2023 was record quarter for DAF in Europe, and so a lot of that what Preston's talking about the fuel economy benefits and the great performance of the new truck. So the comps are getting a little bit more difficult, too, there. 
David Raso: Yes. I mean the comp does ease in the fourth quarter, too. I'm just trying to get a sense of should we expect deliveries to be that far below your industry outlook for most of the year in Europe. Again, I know the fourth quarter gets easier. And then... 
R. Feight: I wouldn't read in that way, David. 
David Raso: [indiscernible]. 
R. Feight: I wouldn't try to read it for the full year that way. And then I think the U.S. Canada, the delivery schedule seems really solid and stable for us right now. We've again, the thing I would want to remind is a 270,000 truck market at the midpoint, it's a very nice market. And with PACCAR share increasing, that feels positive to us. 
David Raso: Yes. I think we're just trying to figure out if like U.S. Canada first half of the year, deliveries are up 8%, but we're looking for Class 8 as an industry to be down 9% medium is some offset, but we're just trying to get a sense of like the second half of the year, how much does the U.S.-Canada build schedule come down? And that's sort of what we're trying to... 
R. Feight: Well, I think what we shared is we're filling the third quarter right now. And so obviously, you and everyone else is watching the second half of the year to see what happens. And I think it's a little bit too much of a prognostication to guess what Q4 is going to be, but the math says it should be a good year. Our order intake looks like should be a good year. The truck performance is good. The margin performance is good. So we feel like it all adds up to as far as the story can go, really positive outlook. 
David Raso: Yes. At least the mix is favoring you with the vocational strength given your position in that market. 
R. Feight: Yes, David, that's another really good point you brought up. Thanks for bringing that up. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. 
Clay Williams: This is Clay on for Jerry. Our question here is what has been the early feedback from customers on how they're thinking about the higher cost profile, the next-generation trucks? And to what extent do they value the embedded extended warranty? 
R. Feight: Well, I think they're obviously paying attention to what it's going to be. Nobody knows what those new prices are going to be yet. There's lots of speculation out there. It's a bit early for the speculation, I think, other than to know the emission standards are going to be requiring additional aftertreatment changes to the engines and different capabilities on the, and just to manage the aftertreatment. 
 So with those, there's going to be costs and I think at any time, throughout the years the customers pay attention closely to that. So I think as we already shared, they kind of feel like they'd like to get their orders in a steady way and also kind of avoid any kind of point of disruption around the introduction of the new emission cycle. So that's what's going to pull forward the '25 and '26 purchases, I think. 
Clay Williams: And along the same lines as the installed base of those trucks, the '27 emission trucks grows, will your parts market share benefit from the expanded warranty provisions? 
R. Feight: Yes, it will. Frankly, simply, yes, it will. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Kauffman of Vertical Research Partners. 
Jeffrey Kauffman: Congratulations on a solid quarter. A lot of my questions have been asked. So I want to drill down on truck ASP. You mentioned that new truck pricing is up about 3%. But I'm calculating ASP to be closer to up 8%. So I'm assuming the difference between the 3% and the 8% is mostly mix related. Can you help me bridge that gap and help me understand maybe how much of this could be more vocational in the U.S. versus over the road or versus, say, North American sales versus European sales, which is, David Raso, noted are down substantially. Just trying to understand the difference between the 2 numbers. 
R. Feight: Sure, Jeff. Thanks for the opening comment also. You nailed it. I already think as you typically do is like if you look at the vocational markets, the truck prices are high there. And I would also say that the mix between North America to Europe is a contributing factor. 
Jeffrey Kauffman: Okay. So as I think forward for the year, I would probably expect your average reported ASP to be up a little more than your price increases as a result of mix kind of carrying through 2024. Am I thinking about it wrong? 
Harrie Schippers: It could be that's a logical assumption base based on all those things. Yes. 
Jeffrey Kauffman: Okay. Again, congratulations. 
Operator: Thank you. There are no other questions at this time. So I'll hand back to the management team for any further remarks. 
Ken Hastings: We'd like to thank everyone for joining the call, and thank you, operator. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-23 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PACCAR’s Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today’s call is being recorded and if anyone has any objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to hand the call over to Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR’s Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR’s Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Preston Feight, Chief Executive Officer; Harrie Schippers, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Brice Poplawski, Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls, we ask that any members of the media on the line participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. For additional information, please see our SEC filings and the Investor Relations' page of PACCAR. I would now like to introduce Preston Feight.
Preston Feight: Hey. Good morning. Harrie, Bryce, Ken and I will update you on a record fourth quarter and full year 2023 results as well as other business highlights. PACCAR's outstanding employees delivered the excellent results by providing our customers with the highest quality trucks and transportation solutions in the industry. In 2023, PACCAR achieved annual revenues of $35.1 billion, net income of $4.6 billion, and an after-tax return on revenue of 13.1%. All three were records. PACCAR's strong financial performance benefited from record deliveries of DAF, Kenworth, and Peterbilt's innovative trucks, record results in our parts division, and strong financial services performance. PACCAR shareholders and customers benefited from the $7.8 billion invested over the past 10 years in new products, world-class facilities, and state-of-the-art technologies. PACCAR achieved 85 consecutive years of net income and has paid a dividend every year since 1941. In 2023, PACCAR declared a record $4.24 per share in dividends, including an extra cash dividend of $3.20 per share. PACCAR's fourth quarter revenues were $9 billion. Quarterly net income was a record $1.42 billion, which was 54% higher than the prior year. Fourth quarter net income included a $120 million tax provision release in Brazil. PACCAR Parts achieved fourth quarter revenues of $1.61 billion and pre-tax profits of $432 million. In the fourth quarter of 2023, PACCAR delivered 51,000 trucks and for the first quarter of 2024, deliveries are forecast to be around 48,000. Last year, US and Canadian Class 8 truck retail sales were 297,000 units. Kenworth and Peterbilt's full year deliveries increased from 96,000 to 109,000. In 2024, the US economy is projected to expand within the truck sector, the vocational less than truckload and medium-duty segments are experiencing strong demand and customers are benefiting from the superior performance of new Kenworth and Peterbilt truck models. The 2024 US and Canadian Class 8 truck market is forecast to be in a range of 260,000 to 300,000 vehicles. European above 16-tonne truck registrations were 343,000 last year. DAF's 2023 European deliveries increased to a record 63,000 trucks. DAF's customers appreciate the industry-leading fuel efficiency and driver comfort of DAF's premium trucks. These trucks have a unique competitive advantage in the European market due to an innovative aerodynamic design that features the largest and most luxurious cab interior. In 2024, the European economy is forecast to grow modestly. We expect the above 16-tonne truck registrations to be in the range of 260,000 to 300,000. Last year, the South American above 16-tonne truck market was 110,000 vehicles and is expected to be similar this year. In Brazil, DAF achieved a record 10.2% share, up from 6.9% last year. DAF Brazil makes a growing contribution to PACCAR's global success. PACCAR full year truck parts and other gross margins were 19.3% and were 19.4% in the fourth quarter, reflecting strong truck deliveries and excellent parts business. We estimate PACCAR's worldwide first quarter truck and parts gross margins to remain strong and be in the range of 18.5% to 19%. 2023 was another great year for PACCAR with many highlights, including revenue and net income records. PACCAR announced a joint venture to manufacture commercial vehicle batteries. DAF opened a new electric truck assembly plant and earned the Green Truck award as the most fuel-efficient truck in Europe. PACCAR Parts celebrated its 50th anniversary and Kenworth celebrated its 100-year anniversary. We're looking forward to 2024 being another excellent year. Harrie Schippers will now provide an update on PACCAR Parts, PACCAR Financial Services and other business highlights. Harrie?
Harrie Schippers: Thank you, Preston. In 2023, PACCAR Parts set new records for revenues and profits. Annual revenues increased by 11% to $6.4 billion, and pretax profit increased by 18% to $1.7 billion. Parts gross margins climbed to 31.9%, up from 30.4% in the prior year. We estimate part sales to grow by 3% to 5% in the first quarter of this year compared to the record first quarter last year. PACCAR Parts' excellent long-term growth reflects the benefits of investments that increase vehicle uptime and convenience for customers. PACCAR's aftermarket parts and connected services businesses provide strong profitability through all phases of the business cycle. PACCAR parts has 18 Parts Distribution Centers or PDCs worldwide and is expanding its global distribution network with the construction of a new PDC in Masbate Germany, which will open later this year. PACCAR Financial Services achieved a fourth quarter pretax income of $113 million. Annual pretax income was $540 million and portfolio assets increased to $21 billion. The used truck market normalized in 2023. PACCAR continues to experience good sales volumes of its premium used trucks. PACCAR Financial continues to perform well with low past use, the larger portfolio and excellent credit quality. Last year, PACCAR invested $698 million in capital projects and $411 million in research and development. PACCAR's return on invested capital increased to an industry-leading 38%. In 2024, we're planning capital investments in the range of $700 million to $750 million, and R&D expenses in the range of $460 million to $500 million, as we continue to invest in key technology and innovation projects. These include next-generation clean conversion engines, battery and hydrogen electric powertrains, advanced driver assistance systems and new connected vehicle services  PACCAR is also investing in additional manufacturing capacity. To support future growth, including truck factory expansions at PACCAR Mexico and Kenworth Chillicothe, Ohio, a new engine remanufacturing facility in Columbus, Mississippi, and remissions battery cell factory joint venture. We're excited about the new Peterbilt Model 589, which began production this month. PACCAR's independent Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF dealers continue to invest in their businesses, enhancing our industry-leading distribution network and making a significant contribution to PACCAR's long-term success. PACCAR had an outstanding year in 2023 and this year it's off to a very good start. Thank you. We'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Nicole DeBlase from Deutsche Bank. Nicole, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Preston Feight: Good morning, Nicole.
Nicole DeBlase: Maybe just starting with the outlook for 1Q deliveries. Could you just talk a little bit about the implied sequential step down? Is that kind of across all regions? And then I guess is your expectation that 1Q is the high point of the year for build given that we started to see orders fall in December?
Preston Feight: Well, let me take that one for the time being and say that I think what we see is strong global markets, right, Australia is doing really well. Mexico is doing really well. South America is doing really well. North America is steady at very high levels, and we've seen normalization in Europe, which is probably we said the market in 2024 is 260 to 300, which is 15% to 20% lower, and that's kind of what we see in our deliveries in Europe. As far as the slowdown in orders, I'm not sure I can recognize that in our major North American markets, we see good order intake and good visibility.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay. Got it. Thank you. And then just from a pricing perspective, can you guys just talk a little bit about what you're seeing with respect to industry pricing and any expectations for what you guys should realize in price for 2024? Thank you.
Preston Feight: Thanks, Nicole. I mean I think what we have going on is -- and we've shared this many times, but it's worth repeating is, we have refreshed our entire product lineup in the last few years. We have really high-performing products that are delivering excellent results to the customers. And I think that the latest recognition of that is the Green Truck award in Europe, for the new DAF products that were awarded as the most fuel-efficient product in Europe as a result of that kind of performance of product, we're seeing good pricing realization for the trucks around the world for PACCAR.
Nicole DeBlase: Thank you. I’ll pass it on.
Preston Feight: All right.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is from Angel Castillo from Morgan Stanley. Angel, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Angel Castillo: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. And congrats on a strong quarter. So maybe just to dig in a little bit more on kind of the pricing dynamic. I was wondering if you could kind of expand that into more of a price cost and give a sense for how you're kind of thinking about decrementals and just underlying kind of margins for 2024 overall. I think you guided to 18.5% to 19% for the first quarter on gross margins. So maybe if you could again give a little bit more color on the full year and how we should see that progressing?
Preston Feight: Yes. Well, first of all, thanks for the comment on the year. I think our team deserves an incredible amount of credit all around the world for the wonderful performance. And we see that continuing right now. On the price cost level standpoint, Angel, we think that we have good price against cost right now. We expect that to continue as we look forward. Obviously, there's a little bit of normalization in the market sizes. That's really the only thing we see going on, both Europe but Europe, as I mentioned already and North America in the single digits, 5% to 10% lower market size. But we expect see good markets and good price versus cost performance. And as you know, we don't share information on the full year. We'll get to the quarter-by-quarter analysis of things as we get further into the year.
Angel Castillo: Understood. Thank you. And maybe just switching over to parts a little bit. The 3% to 5% that you guided to for 2024. Just curious if you could break that down a little bit more into the pieces of what you're seeing in terms of price, volume kind of assumptions?
Harrie Schippers: Yes, the increase was 3% to 5%. And so we see that mostly around the world. It compares to a record quarter -- first quarter last year. So at parts, we continue to see that strong performance also this year. And for the full year, we're thinking parts would grow 4% to 8% compared to the record year last year. So -- and that also reflects favorable pricing and some cost increases.
Angel Castillo: Very helpful. Thank you.
Harrie Schippers: Thanks a lot, Angel.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is from Tami Zakaria from JPMorgan. Tami, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tami Zakaria: Hi. Thank you so much for taking my question. So my first question is, I think your outlook for Europe is weaker than the U.S. and Canada this year. So can you remind us how is the margin profile for your business in those two regions? Is it weaker Europe negative from a mix perspective, given the last couple of years of DAF model launches?
Preston Feight: Well, I don't think I would characterize it as weaker, Tami. I think I would say that in 2023, Europe was 343,000 units, which was a very, very high year, in fact, a record year for us, right, by a lot. And I think if we estimate the market at a midpoint to be 280,000, that's a nice year. I think that what we see is, obviously, the normalization of sales in that range, but we still have these new products, which are providing great margins for us in the European theater.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. So are the two regions similar in terms of margin profile? That's basically what I'm trying to understand.
Harrie Schippers: Yes, more or less similar. I think Europe is a little softer, so you'd expect some effect from that in Europe. But also in Europe, the new DAF continues its premium position. And as a result, we get excellent margins on those trucks.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. Okay. That's all I had. Thank you.
Preston Feight: Great. Thanks, Tami.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Chad Dillard from AllianceBernstein. Chad, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Chad Dillard: Hey. Good morning, guys. I was hoping you could unpack your gross margin guide of 18.5% to 19%. Maybe give some puts and takes of trucks versus parts. And then as you're thinking about like the full year, it sounds like parts are going to grow by mid-single digits. Should we expect gross margins in that business to continue that upward path?
Preston Feight: Well, I think what we would -- in the unpack, I like your term, what I would share with you is the parts business continues to do really well. Last year was a record, as we mentioned or Harrie mentioned in his comments, and we expect them to have a fantastic year this year as well. So even in truck market sizes that may moderate a little bit, we see the parts business doing a fantastic job. And that's because of the expansion in new PDCs. It's because of the connectivity that we're providing in the trucks. It's because of our great dealer network. And I think all of the benefits we provide to our customers. So I expect parts to continue to hum. And on the truck side, again, great new trucks are providing good margin performance. And obviously, doing a fantastic job for our customers. That's what we see out there. And that's contributing to the strong truck margins.
Chad Dillard: Got it. Okay. And just a second question, just on your SpinCo profitability. Just trying to think through the moving parts in 2024, do you expect that profitability to grow. To what extent are you contemplating any buy downs or any additional reserves given just like the sale truck market?
Harrie Schippers: We saw some more normalized used truck prices in the fourth quarter. And as a result, the good performance of PACCAR Financial at $113 million for the quarter. And if we now look at this year, we expect PACCAR Financial to continue that good performance also in the quarters of this year.
Chad Dillard: Great. Thank you. I'll pass the.
Harrie Schippers: Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is from David Raso from Evercore ISI. David, please go ahead. Your line is open.
David Raso: Hi. Thank you. Kind of looking beyond 2024, the notion of a pre-buy. I'm just curious, conversations you're having today now that we're in 2024. On customers' thoughts of any pulling forward of, say, second half 2026, 2027 into next year. Anything at all about timing of orders to maybe reflect if we do see a pre-buy in 2025. Just trying to get a sense of how you're thinking about that concept moving forward? Thank you.
Preston Feight: Sure, sure. I mean, let me start by saying that it's not just a truckload carrier market out there. And in the LTL, the medium duty and the vocational markets, we're seeing strong performance of the products and strong interest from the customers with good order intake. I'd also say that from an overall PACCAR standpoint, as I mentioned, our global markets are doing quite well for us. but to dial in a little bit to your question, David, what I think is happening is the good operators, the ones that are thinking clearly about long term are continuing to buy trucks. And so they're looking to keep their fleet at a reasonable age and buying trucks and continuing that pattern. And then they're managing that against the fact that contract rates and spot rates are lower than they were and trying to maintain that balance of fleet age with capital spending. And we think that's going to continue. We think that there's an emissions change in 2027 and that the sophisticated buyers are conscious of that and take that into consideration as they make their purchase plans. And that will have an increasing effect as we move forward.
David Raso: But just to be clear on timing, do you think some of that desire to buy in front of that would show up in orders in 2024 at all, or is that a little premature? 
Preston Feight: I think it's fleet dependent. I think it depends on where they're at and what they're hauling, and I think how they're doing and how many trucks they need in their fleet. So I think generalizing that into 2024 might be a little much, but the premise of your conversation or our conversation about does that feature into the -- later this year or next year or the year after? I think there's some truth in that. I think we see positive benefit from that.
David Raso: Okay. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is from Jeff Kauffman from Vertical Research Partners. Jeff, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeff Kauffman: Thank you very much. Well, first of all, congratulations, fantastic year.
Preston Feight: Hey, Jeff, thank you for that. Our team appreciates it.
Jeff Kauffman: You guys crushed it. I want to ask about two, kind of, oddities if I can. I don't want to focus on the tail wagging the dog, but I think they're relevant questions. The first has to do with what's going on with electric vehicles right now. And it seemed like there was this big push for EV, and you're still seeing that in some of the lighter duty models, but a little bit of a pullback on the heavy side. But we are moving forward with the EV plant for batteries and we're moving forward with investment. What is your feeling about the state of the EV market? And is this a surprise at all? Is it expected, how should we be thinking about framing EV demand for commercial vehicles?
Preston Feight: Jeff, I think you nailed it. Actually, I think that there was maybe a lot of enthusiasm, maybe too much enthusiasm. I think it's something that is going to happen. It's going to happen gradually rather than rapidly. There's a lot of things that have to come along with it, energy and infrastructure from a PACCAR standpoint. It's been our approach all along. As we've shared with you over the years, is right. We'd start in the tens, move to the hundreds, go to the thousands, that's the progression we're in. We continue to make prudent investments that will be timed to what we think the adoption rates are going to be. We felt in 2023 was the right time to make sure that looking into the future, we could begin the journey of creating our own batteries, so that we had the most cost-efficient, high-performing batteries when the time was right. So I think as we talked about in the last call, building a battery cell factory in a joint venture manner will give us sufficient volume to supply our needs throughout the rest of the decade as we gradually adopt. And it puts PACCAR in a really good position to offer our customers the best products they can get when they're looking for EVs, and keep up with the regulatory and also take a thoughtful approach to the adoption.
Jeff Kauffman: Okay. Thank you. And then the second one, I'm expecting, kind of, a no comment on this one, but I'm going to ask anyway. The last time we had a certain Republican President, there were some EPA mandates that ended up being canceled and rolled back and who knows what the future holds. But I think there's an industry think that there is a certainty about a massive 2026 pre-buy. And I think everyone is kind of thinking about that. I know it was part of David Raso's question earlier. Do you political people think there's any risk if there's a Republican victory, and we get a certain presidential candidate back that any of these EPA mandates might be at risk or card mandates might be at risk?
Preston Feight: Jeff, I think you nailed it. We have no comment on that. That's all I can say for PACCAR. We feel really good about PACCAR either way.
Jeff Kauffman: Exactly. We're going to drive the road we see in front of us. I get it. Well, again, congratulations and thank you.
Preston Feight: Thanks Jeff.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is from Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. Jerry, please go ahead, your line is open.
Jerry Revich: Yes, thanks. Good morning and -- good afternoon. I'm wondering if you could just talk about the record gross margin performance you folks had in 2023 was despite really significant supply chain disruptions continuing. Can you talk about just directionally where your labor hours per unit today versus their targets? And is there a potential for things like overhead expense, et cetera, to turn to be a tailwind on a year-over-year basis as surety of deliveries ramp up and maybe productivity ramps up?
Preston Feight: Yes. It's a fun conversation to have with you. First of all, our hats off to the supply base. They've done a really good job of trying to work through the challenges. And I think as you note, things have become improved, maybe not perfect, but improved, which is good. We're used to that. And I think as we look at it, smoother factories are more efficient factories. And so as we look into 2024, if we have a smoother supply provided to the factories, we will have benefits in that regard. So, it could be a tailwind as you word it.
Jerry Revich: Very interesting. And another area where you folks have worked through even as you put up record margins is higher warranty costs because of higher per repair cost trends, can you talk about whether you expect to return to that 1.5% warranty accrual rate in 2024 or are there still things that you're working on in terms of per unit repair costs or other moving pieces in the warranty provisions?
Preston Feight: Well, I can say that we have a great group of analysts who understand our business well because I think that your question is salient, it is true. Like we've seen increasing truck complexity over the decades as an industry, with more electronics on them, that contributes to more opportunities. But we do think that the trucks are performing well and we'll be in that kind of normal range again.
Jerry Revich: Okay. Super. And lastly, on parts, really strong performance in the fourth quarter and the outlook for the first quarter is certainly higher than what we had in our model and what we're seeing for other companies. Can you just touch on how you folks have managed the parts delivery time frame in the first quarter of 2023 because I think for most companies, the first quarter is going to be a really tough comp that saw inventory stocking in the first quarter of 2023. It doesn't sound like you folks have face that, but can you just spend a minute just addressing how you folks were able to avoid stocking in the first quarter of last year?
Harrie Schippers: So, you're spot on, Jerry. We've 3% to 5% growth this quarter compared to the record quarter last year, a nice performance. It effect really reflects all the fantastic things our parts team is doing. Focusing on technology that makes it easy to the buyer from us, the e-commerce technology, the MDI, where we manage the dealer's inventory, make sure the parts are available when needed. Our continuous investments in parts distribution centers. The strong performance of the PACCAR engine that provide us more proprietary part. So, it just all adds up, and we've been seeing some nice trends on parts over the years as a result of these and we expect those to continue into this year.
Jerry Revich: Great. I appreciate the discussion. Thank you.
Preston Feight: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Steven Fisher from UBS. Steven, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Good morning. Just as we think about 2024. How much visibility do you have on the truck outlook? Like, how well are you booked into Q1 and Q2? I imagine Q1 is pretty solidly booked and maybe even Q2 at this point, but curious also about the second half. And what are your customers kind of telling you about later in the year?
Preston Feight: Yes, as you know, Q1 is effectively full and Q2 is filling in very nicely. As we look out, there's obviously customers -- lots of customers by full year with spread delivery. So we see some growing backlog in the second half as well, and things feel pretty healthy.
Steven Fisher: Okay. Great. And then can you talk about the cost inflation that you're seeing, both on the direct and the indirect side. Is it safe to assume that, that maybe in line with the overall inflation in the economy, maybe you still have some puts and takes in various directions, but it kind of nets out to the overall level of inflation in the economy. And then, if that's the case, is the pricing strategy to sort of just cover those costs? Or do you have maybe some additional cost reduction programs aimed at sort of trying to preserve margins in 2024. I know you always have some efficiency things that you have going on, but I'm curious if this is a year to sort of step up the cost reductions if you're only able to cover inflation with your pricing.
Preston Feight: You think inflationary we're experiencing is the same things as most people are with inflation as it's moderated some, and we do see inflationary costs. And obviously, we try to acknowledge that in our pricing, and we do focus on reducing cost on the product as a continuous thing we do. And our teams are fully focused on it, and I think we can do a good job on it this year.
Steven Fisher: Okay. Thank you, very much.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tim Thein from Citigroup. Tim, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tim Thein: Hi, good morning. Just one for me and it's just on the truck business and specifically on mix, and there was one asked earlier about geographic mix. But I'm curious about from the standpoint of kind of product and customer from an environment where you're selling more straight trucks which is probably added in, but also medium duty and sleepers. If that -- those become a bigger percentage of the delivery relative to the sleepers, is there a -- is there much of a -- should we think about that as being accretive headwind to margin neutral? Any comment on that? And then I guess just, I guess, part B of that is from a customer standpoint, if you have a dynamic where your larger carriers are representing more of the order board in '24. How too does that -- should we think about that presumably more of a headwind, but any way to kind of think about those two factors? Thank you.
Preston Feight: Thanks, Tim. What I think is going on is we're seeing that over the last couple of years, we've probably been, as an industry not able to supply everyone the trucks they needed. And I think that there's a strong vocational market, a strong LTL market, a strong medium-duty market. So we're now kind of able to build those trucks, and we're seeing that as a different percentage and increased percentage in our backlog. I wouldn't differentiate them in margin. They can both be good margin products for us. On a percentage basis, yes. And then I think that as far as the larger carriers and the impact of it, I think that it's really not that different than many years, right? It's not substantially different. So we don't see anything dramatically affecting our model. We've had some of the biggest carriers ordering a lot of trucks, and we've had some small carriers ordering trucks. But it's all kind of within the normal boundary.
Tim Thein: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is from Matt Elkott from TD Cohen. Matt, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Matt Elkott: Thank you. If I can go back to the order question, the demand question, it seems you guys continue to see stronger demand, stronger orders in North America than the industry orders we see on a monthly basis. Is this still primarily a function of your higher vocational mix? Or are you gaining tractions in other areas that were not super aware of?
Preston Feight: We are the vocational market leader. So there is some benefit in that. And as I mentioned too, I think our teams have done a great job over the last several years developing a new product lineup, which is the newest in the industry, which is helpful to us and I think has given us good backlog. If you think about it at the fundamental level, we tied up in a lot of different things. But at the fundamental level, our goal is to build great trucks for our customers to provide them the lowest total cost of ownership. And when they do that, then they order the trucks. And we think we're doing that well. The products are performing well. They're the best in the industry, and that's contributing to our order visibility.
Matt Elkott: Got it. And just one follow-up question. As we look into a mild decline in production this year. Do you think you'll do more vertical integration of engines to kind of cut costs? Or is that something that is independent of the cycle? 
Harrie Schippers: Yes. With the -- we've built a record number of trucks last year. MX engines that is for North America, Europe worldwide, I would say. Yes, and the investments that we've been continuing to make in our engine manufacturing capacity. We -- that will help us to grow engine penetration in North America this year. That's a very good position to grow that percentage this year.
Matt Elkott: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Scott Group from Wolfe Research. Scott, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks and afternoon. So you talked about used prices normalizing in Q4. I'm just curious your outlook for used prices from here, if you think we're bottoming yet or if you think there's further risk unused.
Preston Feight: Harrie, do you have any thoughts on that?
Harrie Schippers: Used truck prices did come down in North America and Europe during the year. Now I think in the fourth quarter, North America came down low single-digit. And we do see some stabilization happening at these levels. That's why we expect things to continue at a normal level that where used trucks are maybe at breakeven, that kind of level. That's a reasonable projection, I think.
Preston Feight: The only thing I'll add is that volumes continue to be good in that space as well. So we watch both price and volume, and it seems like it's a – it's a big change from what it was, but it's still not at a bad level.
Harrie Schippers: It's more normal now.
Preston Feight: Yes
Scott Group: Okay. And then just more theoretical on this sort of record gross margin, price cost spread. I totally understand what you guys are saying with new products, but it also just strikes me that this is a pretty consolidated market. In an environment like we've seen in the last couple of years with heightened inflation, is it -- is it just that maybe you and others just got enlightened to the fact that you maybe had more pricing power than maybe you previously thought? Is that right? Is that what's happening? And ultimately, is that -- do you think that's sustainable? Is this ultimately just a new range of gross margin?
Preston Feight: My view is that the team of PACCAR, people around the world, whether in the factories or the engineers or the controllers organizations over the last several years have done a fantastic job of building a really robust business. And it's lean, it's efficient and it produces great products for our customers. And I think that's the driving force between the margins that were generated as parts business. It's the truck business. That strength and focus of serving our customers and our shareholders are working really well.
Scott Group: So in your mind, the high teens is the new sort of normal?
Preston Feight: Well, what we shared with you is the first quarter we think is 18.5% to 19%. And -- that's pretty darn good.
Scott Group: Yes, for sure. Okay. All right. Thank you, guys. Appreciate it.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Feniger from Bank of America. Michael, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Michael Feniger: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Obviously, the pricing in 2023 was very impressive. I know you talked a little bit about the used market, I'm curious when we look at the spread between your price increases for 2024 relative to what you're seeing in the used market with trade-in that spread widening? Just any commentary that you're seeing in the used market that kind of informs 2024? Because obviously, the used market was very strong a few years ago. It seems like it's some cooling, but I'm just curious how we think about that spread between the new pricing they use and how to kind of think about that for 2024?
Preston Feight: Well, I think what's -- maybe one of the things you could throw into your factors of consideration is the fact that in those high point markets where contract rates were at all-time high, spot rates were at all-time high. Some people got into the trucking business and some of those people are getting out and that's contributing to the spread between new and used pricing. As you have some of the people exiting the market is normalizing the used truck pricing. So I think there is a bit of a larger differential between new and used, and I think that will reset itself over time.
Michael Feniger: Perfect. And just to follow-up. Another different customers in the transportation market who buy your trucks. You put up excellent truck deliveries in 2023 at a time where spot freight rates were actually falling. And now that we see spot freight rates potentially bottoming and maybe picking up through 2024, how do we kind of think about what happened in 2023 and how that might potentially play out in 2024 and how that kind of translates to demand for your trucks?
Preston Feight: Well, what are the underlying contemplation should be that what's the economy doing? And as we noted in our commentary, we see economic growth in 2024, which we think as the most fundamental principles should be good for the truck market, especially as we continue through the year. And you put that economic growth against that spot rate bottoming that you talked about, and it should set us up for a good year in 2024.
Michael Feniger: Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Guillermo Herrera from Gabelli Funds. Guillermo, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Guillermo Herrera: Hi. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question and congrats on the great quarter.
Preston Feight: Thanks.
Guillermo Herrera: So maybe more of a high-level one here than the ones we've been talking through so far. But -- you've been doing a great job generating cash and there's a sizable cash position on the balance sheet right now. I'm curious, aside from dividend payouts, how should we think about how you might deploy some of that cash? And maybe just to get a little bit more specific here, could you provide us sort of any commentary on the M&A space and whether longer term, you might be considering inorganic growth as part of the growth story.
Preston Feight: Sure thing. We're really pleased with how the company has performed financially. We have a strong history of dividend payouts of around 50% of net income. We continue to do that. We noted in our comments, record dividend payouts in 2023. We think our shareholders are happy with that approach. We'll continue to do that. We do have uses for cash. Obviously, we are doing this joint venture, which will be something we fund out of cash. PACCAR has got a long history of making strategic acquisitions when they make sense, and we continue to make those evaluations at all times. And having the cash gives us that flexibility to build an even more robust company as we move forward into the future.
Guillermo Herrera: Great. Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question today is from Daniel Johansson from Pan Advisors. Daniel, please go ahead. Your line is open. Daniel, please can you check you're not un-muted likely.
Daniel Johansson: Hello? Hello? Can you hear me?
Preston Feight: Yeah, we can, Daniel.
Daniel Johansson: Thank you. Thank very much for taking my question. Sorry, maybe this has already been discussed. And I guess, the question is, has a lot of different levels to think about. But thinking about your cost per unit and how that has been going up a little bit here over the last few years? I mean, there's mix, there is more content per unit, et cetera, et cetera. But how to think about that going forward? And especially so given that you had pretty high capacity utilization last year?
Preston Feight: Well, I think about costs in terms of -- there's the normal inflationary side of it. I think the other side of it to contemplate is we're building trucks that are more efficient than they ever have been for our customers. Sometimes that efficiency comes with higher purchase price, but as a percentage of their total operating costs, the purchase price is not significant compared to the fuel utilization. So it's beneficial to PACCAR in that way and beneficial to our customers to have high-performing products that are very efficient even if that drives up purchase price. And then another element to that is, of course, regulatory. Because as you anticipate future regulatory changes, those typically come with added componentry to meet emission standards, which is also a factor in increasing cost and price. So those are some of the things that go into that cost equation for us. And we've seen price more than keep up with that.
Daniel Johansson: And should we expect cost per unit to continue to go up, you think, even in a very good volume scenario?
Preston Feight: I think they could. It depends on the inflationary state. It depends on the state of competition and whether there's more added content that has to be added to the trucks.
Daniel Johansson: Okay. Thank you very much.
Preston Feight: You bet. Thanks for the question and we appreciate all the questions.
Daniel Johansson: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. This is the end of the Q&A session. So I'd now like to hand back for any further or closing remarks.
Ken Hastings: We'd like to thank everyone for joining the call, and thank you, operator.
Operator: Thank you, everyone, for joining today's call. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a lovely day.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-24 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the call over to Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings : Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Preston Feight, Chief Executive Officer; Harrie Schippers, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Brice Poplawski, Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls, we ask that any members of the media on the line participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. For additional information, please see our SEC filings and the Investor Relations page of PACCAR. I would now like to introduce Preston Feight.
Preston Feight : Good morning. Harrie, Brice, Ken and I will update you on our record third quarter financial results and other business highlights. PACCAR's outstanding employees delivered this excellent performance by providing our customers with the highest quality trucks and transportation solutions in the industry.  PACCAR's third quarter net income increased 60% year-over-year to a record $1.23 billion and revenues increased 23% to $8.7 billion. Truck, Parts and Other gross margins expanded to 19.5% in the third quarter compared to 14.9% in the same period last year. PACCAR's global investments in innovative new DAF, Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks, as well as investments in technology and manufacturing were key elements in delivering this strong performance. PACCAR Parts third quarter revenues increased to $1.58 billion. Parts pretax profits were $412 million or 10% higher than the same period last year. PACCAR Parts provides its customers with industry-leading technology that enhances their uptime. PACCAR Financial earned a strong pretax income of $134 million in the third quarter, reflecting its high-quality portfolio. We estimate this year's U.S. and Canadian Class 8 market to be in a range of 295,000 to 315,000 trucks and next year to be in a range of 260,000 to 300,000 vehicles. Customers are replacing their trucks with the new heavy and medium-duty Peterbilt and Kenworth models that enhance their operational efficiencies, achieve industry-leading fuel economy and attract and retain the best drivers. Demand is strong for Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks with the first quarter of 2024 filling in quickly. In Europe, this year's truck industry registrations in the above 16-tonne segment are estimated to be in a range of 310,000 to 330,000 vehicles. The 2024 market is expected to be in the range of 260,000 to 300,000 trucks. The new DAF trucks have redefined the premium truck segment in Europe and offer superior aerodynamics, award-winning fuel economy and enhanced features that make them the driver's choice. The South American above 16-tonne market is projected to be in a range of 105,000 to 115,000 trucks this year and in a similar range next year. DAF Brazil recently celebrated its 10th anniversary and has increased its greater than 16-tonne share to a record 10%. The DAF lineup of trucks is performing exceptionally well for customers in all Brazilian operating environments. PACCAR recently announced its participation in a new battery cell joint venture. The joint venture will be located in the United States and will manufacture battery cells for use in medium and heavy-duty trucks. PACCAR's proprietary battery cells will create value for our customers, and help them achieve their future operational and environmental goals. PACCAR's employees and dealers are delivering excellent results for our customers, and we're excited about the future.  Thank you. Harrie Schippers will now provide an update on PACCAR Parts, PACCAR Financial Services and other business highlights.
Harrie Schippers : Thanks, Preston. PACCAR delivered 50,100 trucks during the third quarter. We estimate fourth quarter deliveries to be similar and in the range of 48,000 to 51,000 trucks. More production days in the fourth quarter in Europe will be offset by fewer production days due to holidays in North America. The supply base is improving but continues to limit production. Truck parts and other gross margins increased to 19.5% in the third quarter. We anticipate fourth quarter close margins to be around 19%, reflecting the strong performance of our new truck models and PACCAR Parts. PACCAR Parts delivered third quarter gross margins of 31.5%. PACCAR Parts innovative programs such as Advanced Fleet Management Services and Predictive Dealer Inventory Management, helped customers increase vehicle uptime and their financial performance. For the fourth quarter, we expect part sales to be 7% to 9% higher than in the same period of last year. PACCAR Financial Services results in the third quarter benefited from excellent portfolio quality and positive used truck results. Pretax income was $134 million. PACCAR Financial is the market leader supporting the superior Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF products with innovative technologies and a strong global used truck network.  In the last 2 years, DAF, Kenworth and Peterbilt have introduced more new truck models than at any comparable time in the company's history. The pace of these introductions continues with a new flagship Peterbilt's Model 589 that begins production in the first quarter of 2024. PACCAR's capital investments in new and expanded facilities, innovative products and new technologies have created the highest performing trucks and transportation solutions in the industry and will contribute to excellent financial returns for many years. PACCAR's return on invested capital further improved to an industry-leading 35% in the first 9 months of this year. This year's capital expenditures are projected to be between $650 million and $675 million and will increase to $675 million to $725 million next year. Research and development expenses will be $410 million to $420 million this year, and increase to between $470 million and $520 million next year. In addition to the capital and R&D investments, the company will own a 30% share in the battery cell joint venture and expects to invest $600 million to $900 million over the coming 3 years. With the most advanced truck range in the industry, efficient investments, strong aftermarket parts and financial services businesses, and exciting new strategic opportunities, PACCAR is positioned well for the future. Thank you. We would be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Tami Zakaria from JP Morgan.
Tami Zakaria : So my first question is about parts growth. I think in the press release, you said you're opening a PDC in Germany next year. So how should we be thinking about parts growth in 2024 in terms of how long does it take a PDC to sort of ramp and reach run rate capacity? How do we think about growth overall? If you could give some color on that, that would be very helpful.
Preston Feight: Happy to start with that, and Harrie can add anything he wants. I think what Harrie shared with you is that we think parts growth is going to be in the 7% to 9% in the fourth quarter. And to your point, on the effective of PDC, it's almost immediately good for the business, right? What a PDC does is it allows us to have closer points of contact with our customers, get them parts in a more quick way and support their businesses for more same day or next day parts delivery. So it's really quickly beneficial to them, Tami.
Tami Zakaria : Got it. That's very helpful. And then how should we think about decremental margins next year, given you're expecting truck sales down both in Europe and U.S., Canada?
Preston Feight: I think what we've been able to do in the last few years, and we shared this as we've introduced more new products at any time in our history, and we continue to that with the new Peterbilt Model 589. Those products are doing exceptionally well for us in the marketplace. So we're pleased with how they're performing and that means performing for our customers. So they're getting value out of that. And I think we'll watch how the market develops for next year and we have a lot better insights into margin and what's going on as we get into the first quarter for 2024.
Operator: Our next question today is from Steve Volkmann from Jefferies.
Steve Volkmann : Preston, I think it was you who was talking about the launch of the new Peterbilt, I think, in January of '24, you said, sorry if I got that wrong. I'm just curious how big of a launch is that? Okay. Great. How big of a launch is that? How much of your North American revenue could that be? And where I'm trying to go with this is, you guys always seem to engineer in sort of higher margins as you do these changeovers. So I'm trying to figure out how much of a tailwind that might be in 2024.
Preston Feight: Steve, well, first of all, I mean, the thing about it, what we try to engineer in is higher value for our customers. And I think that that's what we've been able to do with these new products. The 589, well, the right word is it's cool. When we did the introduction for it, it was just exciting to see it. It's going to be iconic in the industry. It looks fantastic, and I think it will be a great flagship for the Peterbilt team. As far as percentages, maybe Harrie, you want to --
Harrie Schippers : The 589 Steve will replace the 389. And a good way to think about it, the 389 is now about 20% of Peterbilt's production. So maybe 6%, 7% of PACCAR's total production. And the 589, like I said, will be placed and maybe grow even a little bit more.
Steve Volkmann : Great. Okay. And then my follow-up is on the Financial Services, Harrie. I'm curious, obviously, it was down a little bit year-over-year. How do the higher rates that we're seeing in the market kind of layer in? Because obviously, you get some income, I guess, on your cash balances, which is great, but then there's probably some headwinds in the finance book. And I don't know, just any color you could give us on that would be great.
Harrie Schippers : We -- the portfolio quality, Steve, continues to be very strong. We have a portfolio of almost $20 billion now. with past dues less than 1%. So yes, higher interest rates do drive higher payments for our customers. But with all the new products that we launch that have better fuel efficiency, they do see savings on the fuel bill, that more than offset the higher interest payments in today's environment.
Operator: Our next question is from Chad Dillard from Bernstein.
Chad Dillard : So first question for you is how much visibility do you have into engine rebuilds? And what does it tell you about your engine parts demand or what it could look like more broadly into 2024?
Preston Feight: Well, I think we have pretty good visibility to the life of the engine. So our Parts team does a fantastic job of tracking miles or a lot of our vehicles are connected, so we get to see what miles are accumulating. We obviously manage what's going on from an engine parts utilization standpoint. And then as the population is still reaching a point of maturity, we expect to see the amount of rebuilds increasing over time. So that should be still accretive to the parts business.
Chad Dillard : Got it. That's helpful. And the second question, can you talk about your approach to managing the growth in air pocket in '24, just given that you do have a prebuy ahead of the 27 emission standards that could probably start in 2025 and '26? I just want to get a sense for how you're thinking about labor line rates, maintaining your suppliers, so you can catch the rebound.
Preston Feight: Yes. I think that what we see is right and we've been talking about this for a little while with you guys is our approach has been to spend money in research to make sure we have the right products sitting out there, and we do. So we're really well positioned with the newest product line. That matters a lot. And then I think where we're sitting in time is markets that haven't been able to be fully met for a few years, and now people are starting to think about what the future might be in terms of 2027 emissions, which could make this a stronger for longer kind of a good approach Obviously, your word was air pocket. I got to tell you, I've never heard that word before, but I'll use it with you. And if it's an air pocket next year, we'll see what that looks like as we get into 2024.
Operator: Our next question is from Rob Wertheimer from Melius Research.
Rob Wertheimer : Yes. One market question then hopefully, more interesting strategic. So just on the outlook, is there any material mix shift kind of coming through in your customer conversations or order flow towards vocational? And does that outlook anticipate a decline in sentiment? Or does it sort of follow along with what you've already seen in the customer base?
Preston Feight: Rob, I think you're paying attention to what's going on. I mean we do see a really strong vocational market out there. We see a strong medium-duty market. The LTL market is very strong. And then as we were talking about in the last question from Chad, the idea that I think customers that are sophisticated or paying attention to the next few years and want to keep their fleet age at a low level. So there's a lot of contemplation for them to stay on a smart buying cycle for them. And frankly, as we've said and we keep saying, right, these new trucks are providing good value to them. So there's a reason for them to keep buying trucks. And I think that all factors into where we think the market is going to be looking forward.
Rob Wertheimer : Okay. Perfect. And then another 1 just on the battery investment. This has been the subject of some debate as your future trucks will presumably have higher content with batteries and autonomy and other things, but just sticking with the batteries for the moment. And some question as to whether those batteries would be commodity provided by somebody else or more individually designed for your trucks by you. And this seems to lean in the latter direction. I wonder if you could comment on the proprietary nature of it, the chemistry and what you expect on this investment and the timing of when those trucks might actually start to roll in numbers to market. I'll stop there.
Preston Feight: Yes. There were a lot of questions in there, but let me kind of give you an overview and come back into it if you want to. So what we see is, as we move forward, there's going to be a host of technologies employed for how we use motor power. I think clean diesel is going to be part of it. We obviously think that batteries are going to be part of it as we did this joint venture into proprietary battery cells. And we think that hydrogen can play a role as well, whether that's internal combustion or it could be through fuel cells. But in the case of batteries, when you create a battery electric vehicle, the cost of the vehicle is highly impacted and influenced by the cost of the battery. So having it be more vertically integrated is an advantage, we think, for our customers and gives us an ability to control both the energy in the battery as well as the battery energy management system to the vehicle. So we felt like getting involved in that space was important, and we think that will be a few years before it develops. Obviously, we don't have our regulatory approvals yet. And so we'll give a little bit of caution that we need those approvals for forward-looking, but that feels like it's going in a good direction. And then as I think about the kinds of chemistry you asked about the technology we've chosen is LFP, lithium-iron-phosphate or some derivative of that that we might use. And the benefit of that is it's a safer battery chemistry. It doesn't rely on rare earth minerals. It's more durable, it's faster to charge, and it has a better life capability. So -- and a better cost structure. So all of those factors are the reason we chose that technology and just huge credit to our technology teams who have thought this through for the last several years as they made this decision and got us going on this great path.
Operator: Our next question is from David Raso from Evercore ISI.
David Raso : The comments earlier about the first quarter of '24 are starting to fill up quickly. Can you give us some insight on how the pricing is for those first quarter deliveries? And then maybe a sense of the cadence year-over-year that you expect the U.S./Canada down 8% to play out for the industry?
Preston Feight: Well, I think if you think about pricing, what we did is we shared with you where our vision is best, David, and that's at the fourth quarter. So that's where we gave you a gross margin expectation of around 19%. And as I said, it's filling in quickly. But I think that the key we've been focusing on is making sure that customers do realize the value of the products, they are. That factors into the pricing, obviously. And I'll say it's a competitive world out there. So I think it's -- look forward to having the conversation with you on pricing and what's going on in the marketplace as we get into the earnings in the first quarter there. So that's kind of where that sits. From a secondary question of cadence, I think we're seeing, as I said, the first quarter looks pretty good. And I think that the overall sentiment is while there may be some moderation in truckload, people are trying to figure out how to think about the next 3 years. And so I don't -- I'm not smart enough to know what Q2, Q3, Q4 are going to look like. And we just feel like we'll see some adjustments there from this year, but that it should still stay at like a replacement demand level.
David Raso : That's helpful. The order book right now, how far can the dealers order out to, say, U.S., Canada into '24?
Preston Feight: Looking at the first half.
Operator: Our next question is from Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich : I wonder if you could just talk about the new product portfolio, I mean, in Europe. I think your profitability per truck has doubled with the new product, similar on the medium-duty product lineup. Is it possible, Harrie, for us to have a discussion of what proportion of the portfolio fits this new product paradigm versus the type of rollouts that we have still in front of us over the next couple of years? How far away are we through rolling out this new higher-margin portfolio that seems to be a big step higher for you folks?
Harrie Schippers : And the new DAF is currently a little over 80% of all the trucks that DAF is building. I remember DAF was also building trucks for export outside Europe. But I would say within Europe, almost all the trucks that we're selling are the new DAF with the improved aerodynamics and the better fuel economy because that's what customers want. And then going forward, yes, we're planning to bring that new DAF product also to other markets. And any market where we're currently selling DAF is an opportunity to sell the new DAF in the future.
Jerry Revich : And sorry, Harrie, can we expand that conversation in North America as well? So with the 589 rolling out, what's the remaining opportunity within the book for upgrades that you folks have planned?
Harrie Schippers : Well, like I said, the 589 is -- the 389 is 20% of Peterbilt's production. So it's about 6%, 7% maybe of PACCAR's production. So with the 589 replacing the 389 next year, it will be a similar percentage, I would think as the 389 is today.
Jerry Revich : And there's a pipeline for new products from there, it sounds like?
Preston Feight: Of course, yes, I'll help a little bit here. Like you see what our R&D numbers are for next year. We think there's a ton of great projects that we have out there that provide good value to our customers and shareholders. And so we -- that pipeline is very full.
Jerry Revich : Okay. Super. And can I ask on the battery electric investment, you folks have really good connectivity with your clients on the consultation side. Once you get the plant up and running, how quickly based on your conversations, do you think demand will ramp up? How big are the concerns around the utilities' ability to keep up versus having a product that's going to be producible at scale that you folks are effectively going to be solving for the industry in 2027?
Preston Feight: I think you just captured the issues that are unknowable at this point right now. Regulation is a factor. Energy is a factor. Infrastructure is a factor and the rate of adoption for EVs. Price is a factor as well. But our position is as PACCAR is, we want to make sure that we offer our customers the right solutions, right? So we make the investments now. We're less concerned about whether the adoption curve is rapid in '27 or if it's '28 or whenever it is. We'll have great diesel engines, we have great electric vehicles, great hydrogen vehicles. And that puts us in a position of supporting their needs regardless of the circumstances.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Steven Fisher from UBS.
Steven Fisher : Preston, you gave us some reasons for generally high margins in terms of the investments in technology and manufacturing, but I guess what was so much better than you expected in margins in the quarter at the TPO level? I mean still like 100 basis points above your midpoint. So just curious kind of was there any 1 of those factors or just conservatism that you're now baking into your numbers?
Preston Feight: I think that we -- as we've shared with you, Steven, is that we're looking at the steadiness of supply has been improving, but we certainly had some impacts from that. So that's a factor in there. I think that our rest of world markets are doing exceptionally well for us in addition. So that's a factor in there as well. And we just had a -- we had a smoother set of builds that probably happened for us. And those are probably the biggest things.
Steven Fisher : Okay. That's helpful. And then I'm just curious what indications do you have from your suppliers for costs on 2024. At this point, does it make sense to assume that the costs are generally going to be higher? And do you have an overall sort of cost strategy as you think about framing up 2024 at this point?
Preston Feight: Yes. I think that as you can see, we see various commodities moving in different directions, so moving in a down -- we're positioned some moving up. And obviously, there's some labor pressure. Those are probably the biggest influencers on cost right now. And I think that we'll look at 2024 when we get into January and see how that's looking then.
Steven Fisher : Okay. I just had 1 quick clarification. The cost you mentioned on the R&D -- or sorry, on the new battery plant. How does that flow through the financials? Is that going to be a -- is that part of R&D costs? Or where does that flow through?
Harrie Schippers : That won't show up as R&D, it will show up as an investment as part of our 30% investment in the joint venture.
Operator: Our next question is from Tim Thein from Citigroup.
Tim Thein : The question, I just wanted to come back, maybe press in a little bit higher level thoughts on Parts in '24. If you look back, historically, there has been some relationship when PACCAR's truck volumes declined and industry profitability comes -- or is under pressure, that has weighed on parts sales, obviously not nearly the same kind of magnitude. But just as you -- but we're coming through weird times from inventory stocking levels and -- and I can imagine that maybe there was some restocking that helped Parts growth this year. But as you just kind of weigh this all together in an environment where global truck volumes are declining, and from what we can observe, trucker profitability in developed market's under some pressure. How do you think that all comes together in terms of PACCAR's Part sales in '24? Any just -- I know you're not going to give us for an estimate, but just how you're thinking about that for '24.
Preston Feight: Absolutely, Tim. Fun to talk about it. I think that the overarching view I take of it is our parts team has done a great job of transitioning over the past several years, they're not really parts providers, they're transportation solutions providers, right? So they're thinking about what's valuable to the customer and what's valuable in the engagement with the dealer. And they've done a really good job of that. And I think that's foundationally lifted their performance over time, which goes along to the -- was it roughly 9% per year growth they've had over the past 20 years. So I think that they've done a really nice job of continuing to evolve the business through the application of technology and analytics, and I expect that, that will over the medium term continue and long-term continue. So positive in that regard. I heard everything you said about the sensitivity to market, there's truth in that as well. And that way, we'll just look at what 2024 does. 
Tim Thein : Okay. All right. Fair enough. And maybe one, just from an inventory level at your dealers, both new and used. Just where do we sit there? And I guess, kind of the related question is the appetite for dealers from a stocking perspective in '24. Just where does that sit? I'm sure it varies by geography, but maybe just some thoughts on that.
Preston Feight: Yes. Very good, Tim. You did ask that the first time. Sorry, I missed it. We saw that there was some probably strong interest in having enough inventory when supply was limited. And I think that, that was mitigated for a little bit. And I would say things are more back to normal in terms of overstock, destock and kind of sitting at a level where inventory feels like a rational and healthy level for our dealers now.
Operator: Our next question today is from Nicole DeBlase from Deutsche Bank.
Nicole DeBlase : Maybe just starting on Europe. So obviously, a lot of talk about U.S. and Canada on this call, but what are you guys seeing from an order perspective within Europe that's kind of underpinning a weaker outlook for 2024 relative to the U.S.?
Preston Feight: Yes. I think that what we're seeing in Europe is like we have good fill going into the first quarter. It feels like the general economies over there feel a bit more moderated than they are here. And so there's probably more contemplation going on within the customer base there.
Nicole DeBlase : That makes sense.
Harrie Schippers : No, I think that's absolutely correct. The market is a little bit softer there. And that's why we're forecasting a market between 250,000 and 300,000 for next year. So that's somewhat of a decline compared to this year.
Nicole DeBlase : Understood. And then in the U.S., can you just speak to a little bit of what you're hearing by customer side? So any major divergence in order activity from like small versus medium versus large fleets?
Preston Feight: I think it's kind of interesting is that like we said earlier in the macro scale of it, there's a lot of sectors that are doing exceptionally well right now. The vocational sector is probably just spinning up. It's a very strong sector for PACCAR in North America with Peterbilt and Kenworth having roughly 40% of that market. So that's good. We see some real strength in the LTL market as well, we see real strength in the medium-duty market as well. As I shared earlier, I think that the large truckload carriers are contemplating what they're going to do and thinking about the next 3 years and keeping their fleets at a young spot. And I think for all our customers, there's the advantage of the new truck, right? If the truck is providing a 7% benefit in fuel economy, it's compelling reasons to buy that truck plus the drivers love it. So those things factor in, and it kind of gives you a walk through across the sectors of the market.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt Elkott from Cowen.
Matt Elkott : So your 2024 U.S. and Canada Class 8 forecast, it reflects what seems to be a smaller decline than some may have feared. My question is, given you guys have higher exposure to infrastructure than some of your peers, do you think backlog can do even better than this forecast in the U.S. that is?
Preston Feight: Better than the forecast in terms of?
Matt Elkott: A smaller decline even than the 8% that you're expecting for the industry?
Harrie Schippers : Our strong presence in the vocational segment where we have 40% market share, that strength obviously should translate into PACCAR doing really well next year.
Matt Elkott : Okay. But -- so relative to the industry forecast, do you think you might be able to outperform or you're not ready to say that.
Preston Feight: Well, I think what we did is we gave the forecast with the range because that's what we think the range could be, right? That's why we came out 260 to 300 because that's how we see it.
Matt Elkott : Okay. And then just 1 more follow-up. If you -- if we do have a higher mix of vocation in the next year or 2, can you just talk a bit more about what it could mean for margins and pricing and as well as the kind of fluidity of the manufacturing process?
Preston Feight: Well, our truck plants, and it's a good opportunity, thanks for bringing it up. I mean, the mixture and how that works is our truck plants are just done an absolutely amazing job around the world, managing the last few years, and they are artisans at being able to build the trucks that they need to build. So I couldn't be more proud of them and pleased with the results that they've delivered. And I think that if we see mix shifts from on-highway into the location market, that's very adaptive for us. We can build any truck in our factories that we need to and they're very good at putting those trucks out. So I think that, that will be just fine for us if we see that shift, and it won't -- it will be -- and it will be good for PACCAR and good for our customers.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Kauffman from Vertical Research Partners.
Jeff Kauffman : Congratulations. I want to think a little bit that -- you're welcome. I want to think a little bit about this joint venture. So you said I guess, 2 questions. Number 1 on CapEx. You said $600 million to $900 million. Let's assume that you can get all of the approvals that you need, does that imply when we're thinking about '25, '26 CapEx, we could be looking at $1 billion plus in terms of total firm CapEx? That's question one.
Preston Feight: Let's go for that question, and then you can do for the second one, Harrie, if would take it.
Harrie Schippers : So the $600 million to $900 million investment in the joint venture will be showing up as an investment. It will not show up as our capital investment plan. So the capital numbers we just mentioned for this year and next year are without the joint venture.
Jeff Kauffman : Okay. And then question 2, I'm thinking back to the future here, 21 gigawatts at the factory. But if I want to bring it into something that I can convert into trucks. So if I think of 21 gigawatt and maybe your smaller trucks are 250 to 300-kilowatt hour batteries and your larger trucks are kind of 600, 750-kilowatt hour battery. So I'm just going to take an average of 500. Are we talking about kind of 40,000 to 50,000 vehicles a year that this plant could theoretically battery and then you would have a 30% interest in that, that shows up as other income investment in joint venture?
Preston Feight: Yes, Jeff, that is perfect math. I think you can use that and you probably can go back to the future with that.
Operator: Our last question registered is from Scott Group from Wolfe Research.
Scott Group : So I just wanted to just follow up on 1 of the earlier questions. What percentage of your mix is typically the large truckload? And then within the 2024 trucks, is there any change in mix of sales with the MX versus not? Is that mix going higher or lower?
Preston Feight: On the mix of sales, I mean, I think that you can kind of see variance within the model, right? I think if you're asking is like you could look at fleets and customers in the midsized over-the-road segments being a big part of it, vocational is kind of a part of it, then you put the LTL as a part of it in the greater than 160 Class 8 markets. And I think that they split up is the biggest part of that is the truckload and then obviously the LTL combined, and then you get into the vocational is next behind that. So that's kind of how we think of it, and we don't really worry through what the percentage of each will be because there's such overlap between them.
Scott Group : And then any changes again in the -- of what you're selling for '24 if MX penetration is higher, lower, unchanged?
Preston Feight: Yes. We think the MX engine is going to be doing really well next year, right? It was 43% of our build in the quarter this quarter. And we expect to see that growing. We've been working through supply constraints on it. And as we work through that, we think there's great upside for that next year.
Scott Group : Okay. Any color on how to think about the FinCo margins from here, loss provisions up a little bit. But how do we think about FinCo from here?
Harrie Schippers : Finco should continue to be strong in the fourth quarter and next year. Credit losses were $6 million in the quarter, but that's really a very small number to the total almost $20 billion portfolio. So excellent credit quality. And like I said, we expect the finance company to continue to do well.
Scott Group : Okay. And then if I could just ask 1 more, just big picture. I know there's been a lot of questions about gross margin. But you go back 30 years, it's never -- you've never had a year at over 16%, and this year is going to be over 19%. So it's a lot of what you've been talking about. I guess what do you think is the right -- what's the new range that you would think about through a cycle for PACCAR gross margin going forward?
Preston Feight: Well, I think that the reason we've seen that gross margin is because there is an incredible team of people at PACCAR that are working every day to give our customers great value, and they're succeeding in that. It's a huge part of it. We have a fantastic dealer network. They're doing a great job. And I think our customers are seeing the value in that as well. So that's the overarching things that are driving it up. and we aim to continue to deliver on that. I think predicting the future gets a little risky. And we'll look at how it comes through. It depends on the cycles and everything else, but I can't be more pleased with how PACCAR is positioned for the future and what it will be able to deliver.
Operator: Thank you. This is all the questions we have today. So I'd like to hand back to management for any closing remarks.
Ken Hastings : We'd like to thank everyone for joining the call, and thank you, operator.
Operator: Thank you, everyone, for joining today's call. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a lovely day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-25 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PACCAR’s Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today’s call is being recorded and if anyone has any objection, they can disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR’s Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR’s Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Preston Feight, Chief Executive Officer; Harrie Schippers, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Brice Poplawski, Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls, we ask that any members of the media on the line participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. For additional information, please see our SEC filings and the Investor Relations page at paccar.com. I would now like to introduce Preston Feight.
Preston Feight: Hey, good morning. Harrie Schippers, Brice Poplawski, Ken Hastings, and I will update you on our second quarter financial results and business highlights. I’ll start by saying thank you to PACCAR’s great employees who continue to deliver excellent results and provide our customers with the best trucks and transportation solutions in the world. PACCAR achieved record revenues and net income in the second quarter due to its excellent portfolio of new trucks, robust aftermarket parts business, healthy financial services performance and continued strong market demand. PACCAR’s revenues increased 24% to $8.9 billion. Net income increased 70% to $1.22 billion. PACCAR Parts’ second quarter revenues increased by more than 11% to $1.6 billion. Parts’ pretax profits were $419 million, 19% higher than the second quarter of last year. Truck, parts and other gross margins were excellent in the second quarter at 18.8%, up from 14.4% in the same period last year. PACCAR is delivering structurally higher margins as a result of our investments in the industry-leading new range of premium trucks, our sophisticated and successful aftermarket parts business, and as a result of our overall global growth. PACCAR’s innovative research and development programs and partnerships provide our customers with the right products and technology to help them optimize their operations. During the second quarter, we’re pleased to announce the expansion of our strategic partnership with Toyota to develop and bring to market zero emissions hydrogen fuel cell-powered Peterbilt and Kenworth trucks. PACCAR’s Powertrain portfolio of hydrogen fuel cell, hydrogen combustion, battery electric and clean diesel technologies position the company and our customers for an excellent future. PACCAR Financial also had an excellent quarter, achieving profits of $145 million due to its high-quality portfolio and positive used truck results. Looking at the truck market. Industry build has been gradually increasing this year. And in the US and Canada, we estimate that Class 8 market to be in the range of 290,000 to 320,000 trucks. The 2023 European truck market is expected to be in a range of 300,000 to 330,000 units. We project the South American above 16 tonne truck market to be in a range of 105,000 to 115,000 vehicles this year. South America is an important region for PACCAR’s geographic growth. DAF Brasil has done an excellent job growing market share since we opened the business 10 years ago, achieving a record 9.2% share in the first six months of this year. As we look forward to the rest of this year, and 2024, the truck markets are expected to remain healthy and PACCAR will continue to deliver excellent performance. Harrie Schippers will now provide an update on PACCAR Parts, PACCAR Financial Services and other business highlights.
Harrie Schippers: Thanks, Preston. PACCAR delivered 51,900 trucks during the second quarter. Supply chain is improving, though occasional supplier shortages still limit production. We estimate third quarter deliveries to be in the range of 48,000 to 52,000 trucks. The third quarter delivery estimate reflects the normal summer shutdown in Europe. PACCAR achieved strong truck, parts and other gross margins of 18.8% in the second quarter. We estimate third quarter gross margins to be in the 18% to 19% range, reflecting continued high-level performance of PACCAR’s Truck and Parts business. PACCAR Parts achieved strong second quarter gross margins of 31.6%. The Parts business continued its track record of high sales and profit growth, with quarterly sales growing by 11% and profits by 19% compared to the same period last year. PACCAR Parts is focused on expanding its customer base, and providing a full range of technology-enabled transportation solutions is driving its excellent results. In the last five years, annual Parts sales have grown by 73%, and Parts profits have increased by 136%. The consistent performance of Parts as a high-growth, high-margin business is structurally beneficial to PACCAR. Third quarter Parts sales are expected to increase 6% to 8% compared to the same period last year. PACCAR Parts’ growth is supported by a network of 18 distribution centers, more than 2,000 dealer locations and 250 independent TRP stores, as well as technologies like managed dealer inventory and innovative e-commerce systems. PACCAR Parts continues to expand and will open a new distribution center in Massbach, Germany next year. Each new distribution center increases the number of dealers and customers benefiting from receiving parts on the same or next day. PACCAR Financial Services second quarter pretax income was a solid $145 million. The Financial Services business benefited from excellent portfolio quality and good used truck results. Used truck prices have moderated, but are historically strong. With its larger portfolio and superb credit quality, PACCAR Financial is having another very good year. PACCAR has invested $7.5 billion in new and expanded facilities, innovative products and new technologies during the past decade. These investments have created the newest and most impressive line-up of trucks in the industry and will contribute to excellent performance for many years. PACCAR’s after tax return on invested capital improved to an industry-leading 35% in the first half of the year, up from 22% in the same period last year. Capital expenditures are projected to be $625 million to $675 million this year, and research and development expenses are estimated to be $400 million to $430 million. PACCAR’s industry-leading truck line-up, highly efficient manufacturing operations, best-in-class Parts and Financial Services businesses and the continued development of advanced technologies position the company well for today and for the future. Thank you. We’d be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Steve Volkmann from Jefferies. Steve, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Steve Volkmann: Great. Thank you, guys for the question. Preston, since you brought it up, I’m curious if you might be willing to provide any additional thoughts on 2024 you know being a robust year? Do you guys have orders for ‘24? And you know how much visibility and how much confidence do you have that 2024 you know can be a robust year?
Preston Feight: Well, Steve, it’s good to talk to you. Thanks for the question. I’d start by saying being full for 2023 right now is a great place to be operating from. The markets continue to be healthy for us around the world, and what we see is that we have great conversations going on with our customers, and so we’re having great conversations around what the trucks are going to be and their order needs are going to be for next year. There are some sectors out there that are exceptionally good. That’s LTL, vocational and otherwise, and demand is expected to be strong.
Steve Volkmann: Okay. Maybe I’ll pivot again on ‘24. But if ‘24 were to be a down year in any amount, you talked about sort of structurally higher margins, I’m curious how you guys think the decremental margins would look if there was a decrement?
Preston Feight: Well, Steve, you know we don’t provide 2024 guidance in this call. And I think you do hit up on a really good point, though, which is the structural improvements of PACCAR compared to a few years ago are significant, right. The product investments we’ve made; industry-leading trucks we have in Europe that are significantly outperforming; the growth we have in South America, which is significant; the new medium-duty products in North America; and the fact that PACCAR Parts is doing such a great job with being a high-margin, high-growth, technology-driven transportation solutions provider for our customers, all of those things contribute to a great future.
Steve Volkmann: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Preston Feight: You bet. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tami Zakaria from JPMorgan. Tami, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tami Zakaria: Hi. Good morning. Thank you so much for taking my questions. So my first question is, since your order books are full for this year, like you said, you probably have visibility into fourth quarter deliveries as well. So should the fourth quarter deliveries be sequentially better than the third quarter or possibly the highest delivery quarter of the year? Or how should we think about 4Q versus 3Q?
Preston Feight: Yeah. What I would think about is the second half, Tami, and the second half being a strong second half with the full backlog. You know you have some differences in the markets in Q3 and Q4, and Q3 in Europe has its summer shutdowns so that affects things. In North America in Q4, there’s more holidays as well. But, in general, we will be trying to increase build. We still continue to look at the market as being somewhat constrained in terms of supply base. That periodically affects us and everyone else, and so that may have a pacing item on the deliveries in Q4.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. Thank you. And then, can you comment on what was the price realization for trucks and parts in the second quarter? And do you expect price realization to sequentially decline in the back half?
Preston Feight: I’ll let Harrie kind of talk about that one.
Harrie Schippers: Pricing for trucks in the second quarter was up 15%. We saw significant cost increases still in the order of magnitude of 9% for trucks. And then for parts, cost increases were a little higher, but more than offset by price increases for parts of around 13%.
Tami Zakaria: And any comments –
Harrie Schippers: So with that –
Tami Zakaria: On the back half in pricing outlook?
Harrie Schippers: No, with all the new products and the structural improvements that Preston just explained, I think we’re in a good position to maintain our pricing discipline.
Preston Feight: And I think Harrie shared that you know we expect margins of 18% to 19% in Q3, and I think that’s kind of a testament of how we see the price-cost analysis going.
Tami Zakaria: Perfect. Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Chad Dillard from Bernstein. Chad, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Chad Dillard: Hi, good morning, guys. So as you look – as you think about price-cost over say the next 12 months and also contemplate the pullback we’ve seen in raw material costs, do you think the market is strong enough for you to actually increase that price-cost spread? Or do you think you’ll need to get them back to understand how you’re thinking about you know managing that balance?
Preston Feight: I guess we don’t spend as much time thinking about it in those terms. We continue to think about it in terms of the relationships we have with our customers, the strength of the product performance and the value that provides to the customer. Like as we’ve shared before, the new trucks are providing you know at least 7% improvement in fuel economy, which is bringing thousands and thousands of dollars of benefit to our customers, there’s the trucks that these drivers want. And so I think our customers make a good decision around trying to buy the best product for their operations which are PACCAR’s products, and that gives us a good pricing position as a premium brand in the market. Cost. Well, cost is something that you know you get to follow as much as us, and we look at the world around us and see some movement in costs in positive ways and still labor pressures on the other side of it. So it’s a little bit ambiguous.
Chad Dillard: Got it. Okay. And just second question. So there are some industry forecasts are calling for something on the order of like a 15% cut of production in the coming year, and I’m certainly not you know holding it to that. But, how should we think about your ability to grow your Parts business in such an environment?
Preston Feight: I think the Parts business is growing for several reasons. One is it’s because our ability to get parts to our customers in the same day or next day has changed a lot. So we are the desired place to go for parts for people. I think the application of technology by our team has been an enabler as well, like we make sure that our dealers have the right parts that they need and support. And I think that understanding our customers’ needs is how we think about it. So, Parts is really a transportation solutions provider, which makes them the go-to source for customers. And we think we’re the leader in that space, and that helps us grow the business through all parts of the coming years.
Chad Dillard: Okay, thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rob Wertheimer from Melius Research. Rob, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Rob Wertheimer: Thank you. Good morning, guys.
Preston Feight: Hi, Rob.
Rob Wertheimer: Just a mechanical question on how you typically open orders for the year forward? Are you still holding back at all just on containing other uncertainty? And then a real market-based question on vocational trucks, whether you expect or have already seen some of the strength that may come with the infrastructure bill or general construction appearing there and whether there are any constraints on that market growth from body building or other capacity issues? Thank you.
Preston Feight: Yeah. So the first question on how we think about the order book. And we have close relationships with our customers, and those relationships carry on all the time. So some customers want to place orders already and want multiyear orders, and we deal with those customers on a case-by-case basis. We try not to get ahead of ourselves in general pricing release before we understand what the world is going to look like a little bit in 2024. So the next quarter or so, that will start to free up. In terms of the vocational market, I think about that, it is exceptionally strong right now. There is a limitation on – from the bodybuilder standpoint. They’re trying to build as many bodies as they can. We’re building as many vocational trucks as we can, and we think we’re at the beginning of that. So we think that, that will continue for quite some time as investments into America are continuing.
Rob Wertheimer: Got it. Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today comes from David Raso from Evercore ISI. David, please go ahead. Your line is open.
David Raso: Hi. Thank you for the time. The Parts business, the third quarter, the up 7% midpoint, I’m just trying to get a sense of the volume baked in. The first quarter, right, pricing was up 15% in Parts. You had a little bit of currency drag, so you know volumes were up a little. The second quarter, given that price comment, I’m not sure volume was up at all in Parts. The third quarter, I’m just giving you a sense of the volume. Are the volumes assumed down in the third quarter year-over-year and then you have the price to get back to 7% total?
Harrie Schippers: So the 6% to 8% growth in the third quarter, what you have to take into account, David, is that last year, we saw a very strong growth in Parts, especially in the third quarter. And with this 6% to 8% growth, we expect the year to be 10% to 13% higher than last year, which is excellent and above our long-term average.
David Raso: Okay. So that implies the fourth quarter is up only similar to the third. But again, I know it’s tough comp, just so I kind of understand the volume/price issue. Is the slowdown mostly volume going a bit negative? Or is there something about the pricing? I’m just trying to understand that cadence between volume and price so I can better understand how to model the margins.
Harrie Schippers: I wouldn’t call it a slowdown, David. I think with the Parts business is growing 6% to 8% in the quarter, 10% to 13% for the year. That’s an excellent performance by the entire PACCAR Parts’ team.
David Raso: Yeah, I’m not refuting. I’m just trying to get a sense of the volume versus price that you’re thinking about the rest of the year. That’s all. In the up 7%, is that all price? Or is it volume down and price up to more than negate the volume decline? I’m just trying to get that split.
Harrie Schippers: Sure. Of course, it’s a combination of volume and price.
Preston Feight: Yeah. If you’re trying to get it in the macro, David, maybe you could look at it and say like there was a lot of pent-up pressure for Parts and getting inventories right into people’s businesses, dealerships, customers. And I think some of that has been met on the Parts side of the business, not on the Truck side really. And now that’s kind of the flow that we’re looking at going forward.
David Raso: That’s fair. Okay. So we’re just sort of normalizing the Parts after heavy last year kind of stocking. And then by the end of the year, you’re hopefully balanced here on the Parts? Is that sort of the idea?
Preston Feight: I guess we say it differently and say that as Harrie said, I think aptly that you see the growth being steady growth over the full year with just a 6% to 8% third quarter in it. And then growth again next year. So, the business is doing tremendously well.
David Raso: Okay, thank you. And one follow-up. On the order books for ‘24, are we looking to do that a quarter or six months at a time like we’ve done recently? Or more return to a more traditional you know open up for the full year? Thank you.
Preston Feight: I think what we’ll do is, we’ll look at the first part of the year and decide what the first part of the year looks like and release like that as we get into the general pricing.
David Raso: Okay. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse. Jamie, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jamie Cook: Hi. Good morning. Nice quarter. I guess just two questions. One, I know you’re full on production for 2023, and that’s limited to some degree you know by supply chain constraints still. Can you talk to sort of where delivery for the year or in the back half, if supply chain was back to more normalized levels? I’m wondering you know potentially, is that a tailwind to 2024? You know I mean if markets – if supply chain gets back to normal share, because we’ve underserved the market? And then my second question, can you just give – I know you had some you know nice market share gains in South America. Could you just give you know broad view on what your market share is relative to the order book if it’s improved and sort of what markets potentially next year? And down – assuming the downturn has happened, where would be the biggest opportunity for PACCAR to gain market share? Thank you.
Preston Feight: So the first part of your question, Jamie, good talking with you, is really around – I do think that the supply constraints continue at some modest level, and that modest level does provide a tailwind to the market in 2024. I agree with you. I think on the second side of your question, I don’t know, maybe Harrie has thoughts on it or something like that. But –
Harrie Schippers: Well, I think market share, we’ve been building as many trucks in the first half of this year as we can around the world, and so market share is a result of that. And yeah, we’ve seen strong market share growth in South America. We expect further growth opportunities there. Market shares in North America and Europe have had a slow start of the year. But as we progress during the year, we expect growth opportunities across the world.
Preston Feight: Yeah. To add into it, I would say like you know our build percentage is increasing. And as our build percentage increases, which has been supply-constrained, then our market share grows. And we see nothing but strong demand for the products. So it’s really just about being to associate that demand, and that’s just going to take us some time to get the build out.
Jamie Cook: Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is from Steven Fisher from UBS. Steven, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Steven Fisher: Great, thanks. Good morning. So within your 18% to 19% Q3 gross margin forecast, can you just help us with some of the underlying factors there? I assume the European shutdown will be a headwind. So does that mean kind of mix of Parts versus Trucks is a tailwind that offsets that? Or the mix from new models is still a tailwind? What – or are there other factors to consider? Maybe you could just help us with a little bit of buildup of how that kind of stays in that range.
Preston Feight: You know I think it’s pretty steady performance between Parts and Trucks in Q3 from Q2, I mean which I think kind of lays into what we’re seeing in the market, which is a strong market with strong performance. And that’s happening on the Truck and Parts side, and we see that continuing.
Harrie Schippers: I would echo that. If I look at the third quarter, it’s probably just a continuation of what we’ve seen in the second quarter.
Steven Fisher: Okay, that’s helpful. And then you had in the release about the expansion of Chillicothe. I guess in terms of capacity needs, how are you planning for 2025 and 2026? There’s some talk about this being sort of a record North American up cycle. How are you thinking about that? And how do you think the rest of the supply chain is preparing for this? Are there going to be kind of capacity strength if this demand cycle plays out with that pre-buy as people are thinking?
Preston Feight: Yeah. I would say that what we’re doing in Chillicothe is what we do all the time, which is making investments into our facilities to increase capacity and efficiencies. It’s just a good example of it in Chillicothe, and that 105,000 square foot building expansion we did there just helps us get more product out and even increases the level of high quality to a next level-up. From a build-out standpoint, that’s just what we do. Like I said, we’re doing it there. We’re making investments in Columbus. We’re making investments in Mexico. Really all around the world in South America. So, we see the growth of PACCAR in the long-term, and so we want to make sure that we’re prepared for that with the factories. From a supply base standpoint, we have great suppliers. We work closely with them to make sure that they have the capacity. Obviously, they’ve had unusual circumstances in the past couple of years. I’d expect some normalization there, and we’ll continue to work closely with them to make sure that they can provide the product we need.
Steven Fisher: Okay, thank you very much.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today comes from Tim Thein from Citigroup. Tim, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tim Thein: Great, thank you. Good morning. Yeah, Preston, it’s just, I guess, yet another one on the Parts business, and I think you know this will be a North American focus. But I’m just curious you know if you listen to some of the public truckload companies that have reported. I mean they’ve seen some pretty – you know a lot of pressure just in terms of utilization and pressure on profitability. I’m just curious you know a lot of the discussion was just on the positive messaging that you’re kind of conveying. But any warning signs that you’re seeing or hearing from either your large fleet customers or your dealers in terms of you know sometimes when you get pressure on profitability, you may get some maintenance intervals that get pushed out or a rebuild that get extended or what have you? I’m just curious if there’s been any signs of that? Or is it just, they’re chugging right through that and it’s you know that the business is not feeling that? I’m just curious it’s kind of real time what you’re hearing from the team specific to your truckload customers.
Preston Feight: Sure. Great question. Good to think about it in that broad term. You know I think from a truckload carrier standpoint, you heard their comments in their earnings calls, as have we, and in our relationships with them, and they’ve come through. I think a tough few months for them in terms of utilization and rates, but they also kind of will say that there may be have seen the bottom of it, and things are starting to show signs of improvement in that truckload carrier. But that’s not the whole market. We also see the LTL market continuing to be strong, and we see the vocational market continuing to be strong, as well as medium duty. So, from a total business standpoint, we see this steady, strong position that we’re in, and we expect that to continue. And then that may even be aided as the truckload carriers see improvement in their businesses in the coming quarters.
Tim Thein: Got it, okay. And that makes sense. And then just within your truck order board within the backlog. Is there you know historically, PACCAR, again, more North American-oriented question. But pretty well balanced you know certainly at least against some of your OEM peers across you know small, mid, large-sized fleets. Is the order board and kind of the – how the deliveries have played out, are you seeing more – has that shifted more towards your big large fleets or I guess you know large fleet this year? And what do you think about the investment appetite for your small to mid-sized carriers as you think about ‘24?
Preston Feight: You know I think of it – I think it’s more representative of the first way you kind of came at the market through the vocational and truckload and over-the-road carriers versus vocational rather than the small, mid, large. I think that there’s variance within that small, mid, large sector.
Tim Thein: Got it. Okay.
Preston Feight: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nicole DeBlase from Deutsche Bank. Nicole, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Nicole DeBlase: Yeah, thanks for the question. Maybe just starting with your 3Q delivery outlook, down at the midpoint a little bit Q-on-Q. Is that a 100% driven by European holidays, so you’re effectively projecting US production flat to up in the third quarter?
Harrie Schippers: That is correct, Nicole. And Europe that has a 3-week summer shutdown every year. It takes three weeks of production out. And some of that is offset by higher production in all the parts of the world.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay. Okay, understood. And then you know in the spirit of the expanded relationship with Toyota on the hydrogen fuel cell side, can you just talk a little bit about the level of customer demand that you’re actually hearing for hydrogen fuel cell trucks at this point?
Preston Feight: Yeah. That’s a – it’s a great question. It’s one that the customers are trying to understand the choices out in front of them, right, with the regulations coming, they’d like to know whether they’re going to be using clean diesel, whether hydrogen infrastructure is going to develop, whether they can use hydrogen combustion, hydrogen fuel cells or battery electric. It seems like it will be some combination of both for a while or some all of the above for a while. And so I think there is quite a bit of an interest on behalf of Peterbilt and Kenworth and the Toyota fuel cell project, and we’ve got strong inquiries and orders for that already. And I would expect people will explore that. Obviously, they’re trying to balance this total cost of ownership for all the different technologies and it’s early days, and I think that they’re trying to learn right now more than they’re trying to convert.
Nicole DeBlase: Thanks. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. Jerry, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jerry Revich: Thank you. Good morning and good afternoon. Preston, I wonder if I could ask, you know your profit per truck now stands at $18,000 you know in prior cycles. It hasn’t gotten above $10,000. Can you just talk about what’s driven that acceleration? Because you know you’ve always had the premium brand in the market, it feels like you’re getting a higher return on the incremental fuel efficiency improvements in automation. I’m wondering if you could just maybe help us understand how much of that improvement is those areas versus improved competitive discipline and how are you thinking about opportunities from here on the next set of product development platforms that you folks have set up on the road map?
Preston Feight: Sure. Thanks for the question. I do think that what the investments we’ve made over the past several years are paying off. I mean are paying off in a bunch of different markets. So paying off in the fact that within DAF in Europe, we have the only truck that complies with mass and dimensions is fully compliant with that. It provides great aerodynamic benefit, great driver benefit we’re able to sell it at a higher price and provide better profitability for ourselves, because the customers get a benefit in that fuel economy. Similarly, at Kenworth and Peterbilt, the new T680 and 579 are doing a great job of providing the industry’s leading fuel economy for our customers. And then the new medium-duty products that we launched give us a different level of profitability in the medium-duty space and customer benefits as well. So all of those things kind of are taking our profitability to a structurally-improved level. And South America, I should add, is also a business growth area for us where that’s contributing. So we see that these are sustainable, long-term advantages. And then to the second part of your question about future. Well, we couldn’t be more excited than we are about the investments we have going forward. There’s a whole suite of things that we’re working on right now that I think will just continue to set the standard in terms of premium trucks and transportation solutions.
Jerry Revich: Super. And then you know from an SG&A standpoint, any one-off pieces in the quarter? Really interesting to see SG&A down as much as it was sequentially and flat year-over-year given the top line growth, how should we be thinking about the SG&A leverage off of this 2Q base?
Harrie Schippers: Yeah we continue to control our SG&A expenses very tightly. That’s how we run the business. So we’ve seen some increases here and there, but it’s offset by being more efficient elsewhere and, a very controlled SG&A spending level going forward is what you’re going to expect from us.
Jerry Revich: Thanks, Harrie. And then just last one. In the prepared remarks, you spoke about the new facilities improving, your dealer on-time deliveries and ability to stock. Where do dealer inventories of your, you know A runners stand today versus a year ago? Is it fair to assume service levels are up versus a year ago and inventories are up at your dealers’ level for the high-volume runners?
Preston Feight: Yeah, I think that that’s – it’s a fair observation that a year ago, things were pretty tight and constrained in terms of Parts inventory, and that’s been maybe ameliorated to some percentage. So that’s helping people get their service done in a more quick way which is good for our customers, which is what we’re always out for.
Harrie Schippers: And Parts inventories have gone up, of course, as we sell more. Net-net, inventory turns were at record levels in the second quarter. So continue to have the inventory that we need to satisfy our customers.
Preston Feight: And it’s helped us as we grow our overall share of the Parts business.
Jerry Revich: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Matt Elkott from Cowen & Co. Matt, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Matt Elkott: Good morning and good afternoon and thank you. Just a quick follow-up on Europe. You guys obviously have a technology advantage over the last few quarters there. But is the outlook in Europe primarily driven by technology? Because the European economy does face you know some challenges broadly, and that’s being reflected in freight at times, at least on the intermodal side – on the rail and intermodal side.
Preston Feight: I think is that – I think what you’re saying is that you can imagine the European economy has maybe – has felt like the mouth kilometers are down a little bit year-over-year, and we recognize that. But we do think that the new truck is performing so well that that’s to our advantage in Europe.
Matt Elkott: Okay. And then follow – another follow-up on the hydrogen side with Toyota fuel cell. You guys have been somewhat of the opinion that hydrogen, ICE engines could be you know one of the most viable bridges to whatever technology we coalesce around long-term. Do you still think that? Or is the Toyota fuel cell partnership, you know does it market a change?
Preston Feight: No, I think that we do still think it can be a solution. I think that it depends upon regulatory allowance. Like in Europe, hydrogen ICE is allowed as a zero emissions product. That’s not determined yet in the North American space. It has to be still discussed with the agencies. Again, we think that there is efficiencies of fuel cells and different efficiencies with hydrogen ICE and different ones for battery electric. So I think it’s important that we explore and work through all of those and figure out what the best total cost of ownership is for our customers because that’s really what we’re driving for. And that’s the level of the conversation right now. And we think it’s a bit early to make a call on which one is going to be right. We do think that diesel engines will be a significant part of that for the years to come.
Matt Elkott: Got it. Yeah and just one final clarification. I know supply chain disruptions have eased generally in recent quarters. But is there a way to gauge how far we still are from pre-COVID levels? And if you guys see a line of sight into getting back to those levels you know next year?
Preston Feight: I don’t know if there’s a way to gauge it. I would say the suppliers are doing a pretty good job of trying to work through it as quickly as they can and trying to increase their capacity and meet the – satisfy the market. Nobody wants to do it more than them or us. And so together, we’re working through that. And I keep seeing this improvement. It’s far better than it was a couple of quarters ago, and we expect it will be better in the quarters to come.
Matt Elkott: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jeff Kauffman from Vertical Research Partners. Jeff, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeff Kauffman: Thank you very much. Hi guys. Just wanted to get [technical difficulty] already on one item, and then I want to go back to the zero emission vehicles and a follow-up there. For PACCAR Financial, it looks like the fleet was up about 2%, but assets were up about 6% versus first quarter. Could you help me understand that differential?
Harrie Schippers: The average sales prices of trucks have gone up quite a bit over the last couple of years. We said earlier during the call, in the second quarter, pricing was at 15%. So even with 2% growth in the total fleet for PACCAR Financial, the total assets grow with the higher prices per truck as well, of course.
Jeff Kauffman: All right. Thanks, Harrie. And secondly, talking about the new emission vehicles, I had a chance to see the new truck at ACT Expo. And I was asking, “Well, are people putting in orders? And when would you deliver the market?” And I was told, “Oh, yeah, you can put it in order today, but we’re probably looking at a 2025-ish timeframe.” And I just want to kind of follow-up on that. The electric vehicle push was aggressive. It feels like some folks are pulling back over challenge of the charging infrastructure and what have you. You answered the earlier question what are you seeing on fuel cell. But can you give us an idea of when that truck is likely to be available? And maybe kind of update what’s going on with customers on the battery electric side?
Preston Feight: Well, sure, happy to do that. So 2024 is when we think we’ll be putting fuel cell trucks out there with the Toyota project. So that’s – we’ve already done 11 of them in the market. That was our first fleets that we did last year, and now we’re kind of just finishing up what will be a higher volume run. We expect that to be in the hundreds still. It’s kind of what I would expect on the fuel cell level. Your comments on people pulling back or not, we see still strong interest on EV, battery electric EV, but there is an infrastructure thing that needs to be worked through as a society. What our position is, is PACCAR will have the best products, whether they’re battery electric, diesel, hydrogen fuel cell, hydrogen combustion. We’ll have that entire suite available, and then we’ll be ready for the market. So we work closely with the regulatory agencies to support them and work with our customers to support them and puts us in a great position for the future. We could not be more excited about the kinds of technologies and what that does for PACCAR’s future and how we’ll perform.
Jeff Kauffman: Awesome. Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Feniger from Bank of America. Michael, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Michael Feniger: Thank you. Preston, are you seeing anything in the Truck market in terms of the way freight moves or your customers’ purchasing patterns that maybe suggest a normal traditional replacement cycle? It’s higher than what we’ve observed historically. Are fleet operators trying to keep a younger fleet? Or any other trends that maybe what we normally think is replacement demand if the market returns there is actually higher given some changes in the freight and the transportation market?
Preston Feight: You’re right. I do think it will be higher than maybe people used to think of it. But more importantly to me is the fact that the trucks that are being produced, specifically by PACCAR are providing operating cost advantages, which helps people want to renew their fleet at a sooner level. If you get a 7% benefit in fuel economy from a new Peterbilt or Kenworth or a DAF in Europe, the value is so high that you just want to replace the truck, plus the driver satisfaction is higher, and it’s just a good business decision. So I think we see those turns happening more frequently.
Michael Feniger: Helpful. And you mentioned earlier in the call how used truck values have moderated, yet still high on a historical basis. Do you find the spread between new truck pricing and your used truck pricing wider than normal? Or is the moderation in used truck values more of just a normalization of production? Curious how you’re kind of seeing that used values playing out in the second half of this year?
Harrie Schippers: Talk about normalization of used truck prices. If we compare back to a year ago, used truck prices were extremely high and probably not even healthy for the market. I think in the meantime, used truck prices have come down to very normal levels. And our company, it’s the finance company that sells the used trucks. And we’ve built out a network of 13 used truck centers that help us to sell more used trucks to retail customers at a premium price. So even at a slightly moderated used truck pricing levels, the finance company continues to do well and is able to sell the used trucks that we get back at profit levels.
Michael Feniger: Thank you.
Harrie Schippers: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We have no further questions. I would like to hand back for any closing remarks.
Ken Hastings: We’d like to thank everyone for joining the call, and thank you, operator.
Operator: Thank you, everyone for joining today’s call. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a lovely day.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-25 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Preston Feight, Chief Executive Officer; Harrie Schippers, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Barkley, Senior Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls, we ask that any members of the media on the line participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. For additional information, please see our SEC filings and the Investor Relations page of paccar.com. I would now like to introduce Preston Feight.
Preston Feight: Hi, good morning. Harrie Schippers, Michael Barkley, Ken Hastings and I will update you on our first quarter results and our business highlights. PACCAR achieved record revenues and excellent net income in the first quarter due to continued strong global demand for trucks, aftermarket parts and financial services. PACCAR's revenues increased 31% to $8.47 billion and net income was $734 million, including an after-tax non-recurring charge of $446 million. The charge release to civil claims in Europe was previously reported in an 8-K last week and is the total estimated cost. Excluding the non-recurring charge, first quarter adjusted net income was $1.180 million, up from $600 million in the first quarter of last year. In the first quarter, Truck, Parts and Other gross margins expanded to a record 19.3%, compared to 15.9% in the fourth quarter of last year. PACCAR is benefiting from investments in new truck models, global growth and PACCAR Parts continued expansion. PACCAR Parts first quarter revenues increased by 17% to a record $1.62 billion. Parts pretax profits were a record $439 million or 29% higher than the same period last year. PACCAR Financial had an excellent quarter, achieving pretax income of $149 million, which is similar to the same quarter of last year. I appreciate PACCAR's outstanding employees, who delivered these excellent financial results and the highest quality trucks and transportation solutions in the industry. Their commitment to the company and to our customers is foundational to our success. Looking at the U.S. economy, GDP is estimated to grow modestly. Freight tonnage continues to be good, and customers are updating their vehicles with new, high-performing Peterbilt and Kenworth trucks. This continues to be a favorable operating environment, and we're increasing our forecast for the U.S. and Canadian Class 8 market to 280,000 to 320,000 trucks. European economies are also experiencing modest growth. DAF's excellent new trucks are providing customers with the latest technology and best operating efficiencies. We have raised our 2023 European above 16 tonne market projection to a range of 280,000 to 320,000 trucks. The South American above 16 tonne truck market is expected to be in the range of 115,000 to 125,000 vehicles this year. In Brazil, DAF achieved a record 8.6% share in the first quarter. DAF Brazil is celebrating its 10th year of operations. DAF trucks are highly desired by customers in South America, and the region is an important part of PACCAR's growth and success. PACCAR's industry-leading truck lineup, highly efficient operations, best-in-class parts and financial services companies and the continued development of advanced technologies, position the company well for an excellent year. Harrie Schippers will now provide an update on PACCAR Parts, PACCAR Financial Services and other business highlights. Harrie?
Harrie Schippers: Thanks, Preston. PACCAR delivered 51,000 trucks during the first quarter. The supply chain is improving, but there are some periodic supplier shortages affecting production. In the second quarter of 2023, deliveries are forecast to increase to a range of 51,000 to 54,000 trucks. Truck parts and other gross margins increased to 19.3% in the first quarter. We anticipate second quarter gross margins to be strong and in the range of 18% to 19%. PACCAR Parts had an outstanding first quarter, with Parts gross margins expanding to a record 32.2%. PACCAR Parts business model is based on the application of technology to provide our customers excellent access to high-quality parts. PACCAR Parts is expanding the use of technologies such as e-commerce and leveraging data from PACCAR's connected trucks. PACCAR Parts expanding network of 18 parts distribution centers serves more than 2,000 dealer locations and 250 independent ERP stores, which provides best-in-class uptime for our customers. PACCAR Parts is a high-growth and high-margin recurring revenue business. We estimate part sales to grow by 10% to 12% in the second quarter of this year, compared to the same quarter last year. PACCAR Financial Services benefited in the first quarter from a larger portfolio, excellent portfolio quality and good used truck business. Pretax income improved to $149 million. PACCAR Financials’ 13 used truck facilities worldwide contribute to higher price realization, compared to wholesale channels. Used truck prices have moderated, but remain historically strong. With its larger portfolio and superb credit quality, PACCAR Financial is having another very good year. PACCAR has invested over $4 billion in new and expanded facilities, innovative products and new technologies during the past five years. These investments have created the newest and most impressive lineup of trucks in the industry, as well as highly efficient factories and distribution centers. PACCAR is continuing its investments in clean diesel, zero emissions, autonomy and connected vehicle programs. Capital expenditures are projected to be $600 million to $650 million and research and development expenses are estimated to be $380 million to $420 million this year. Customer demand is strong for PACCAR's industry-leading trucks and transportation solutions in all markets. We expect 2023 to be an excellent year. Thank you.
Preston Feight: So as we complete our comments, I'd like to thank our Senior Vice President and Controller, Michael Barkley, who'll be retiring at the beginning of June after a wonderful 32-year career. Michael has participated in 66 earnings calls over the past 16-years. He's a great Controller. He's an excellent business partner, and he's a true friend. Michael, you are appreciated and you'll be missed. Joining us today and for future calls is Brice Poplawski, our new Vice President and Controller. Brice has been with PACCAR for 25-years. Welcome, Brice. So now we're pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Tami Zakaria with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tami Zakaria: Hi, good morning. Thanks so much for taking my questions. Congrats on the great results. That gross margin number was nothing less than spectacular. So in hindsight, what was the biggest source of the upside versus your original guidance of 16% to 17%, and is the 18% to 19% that you're expecting for 2Q sort of a good run rate for the rest of the year?
Preston Feight: Well, thanks for the question. Good morning. What we saw in the first quarter was we saw very good operating efficiencies and cost increases were less-than-expected. Those are the two contributors to the margin improvement over what we had guided. And then as Harrie shared, 18% to 19% is what we expect in the second quarter. And we think we have a really good year.
Tami Zakaria: Perfect. If I can ask one more question. Sure. Sure, Harrie.
Harrie Schippers: I think the Parts growth of 17% exceeded our projections a quarter ago. And Parts margins were better, too, and that contributes to the 19.3% as well, of course.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. Thank you so much. And if I can ask one more, I think some industry data showed some order slowdown, but my understanding is that PACCAR numbers are not really in that data. And so can you, from your perspective, can you share with us what you're seeing in terms of order activity? How deep into the third or fourth quarter, your order books have opened? Any comments on order trends you're seeing?
Preston Feight: Sure, Tami, glad to. What we've seen is good order intake, continued good order intake and we're substantially full for the year. So third quarter is full, few slots left in the fourth quarter but substantially full.
Q – Tami Zakaria: Great. Thank you so much.
Preston Feight: Sure. You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dillon Cumming with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Dillon Cumming: Great, good morning. Thanks for the question. Just wanted to ask first from a financing perspective. A lot of concern in the market with regards to customers not being able to get financing from smaller to midsized banks. But in terms of what you see on the ground, first of all, has that impacted your, kind of, order intake or kind of customer sentiment? And second of all, has that created an incremental opportunity for PFS to maybe get some more financing business as a result of smaller banks maybe not being able to finance the same number of customers that they're used to?
Harrie Schippers: Yes. I'm not aware of any customers that are not going to get the financing that they need. It's good to have PACCAR Financial, who was able to finance our customers in good times and bad times. PACCAR Financial had a great quarter. We're financing about 25% of the trucks that we sell in some years, that has even grown to 30%. So we're there for any customers that need us.
Dillon Cumming: Got it. And thanks, Harrie. And I'll just ask kind of a longer-term question around pricing sustainability. We're obviously coming off in a couple of years here, a really strong pricing. I'm kind of assuming given the margin performance in the quarter that pricing was also pretty strong as well. Kind of as we think about how the back half of the year develops going into next year, pairing that off with a potential kind of prebuy dynamics from ‘25, ‘26. Can you just give us any flavor or slight color on how you are thinking about pricing, kind of, developing for the rest of the year into next year? If there's kind of scope for it to remain or resilient in the event that ‘24 builds are actually down year-over-year?
Preston Feight: Well, I think that we feel good about 2023, as we said. We think we have an excellent year that we're working on right now. We see continued strong demand for the products. I mean, I think we've reintroduced or introduced new products in North America and Europe and in South America in the last couple of years, and those products are providing great value to the customers. That value to the customers is why they would like to have them. So we're helping their operations, which is good. And as Harrie mentioned, the Parts business continues to perform well. We're utilizing technology in new ways to help improve the value to our customers through the Parts business. They're doing a great job in those things. They contribute to good performance for the company.
Dillon Cumming: Great, very clear. Thanks for the time.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chad Dillard with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Chad Dillard: Hi. Good morning, guys. So my first question is compared to the last cycle. Can you just talk about how much structural uplift in Parts margins do you think you've seen?
Preston Feight: Sure. I think that I would point towards, again, the way I just talked about the scenario and the last question is -- the Parts team has done an excellent job of creating value for the customers. So it's not just providing parts. It's about having the right parts in the right locations, our 18 PDCs located throughout the world, make it easier to have parts available to our customers next day and even same day in many cases. They're also using tools like MDI, managed dealer inventory, so that we work closely with the dealers to make sure that they -- that we know what parts they need, and that's really supportive to the business. And I think that the connected vehicle status is also helping us as well. So those things all help the Parts business. We see the powertrain business, the engine business being a good contributor to the Parts growth. And as we look forward into the future and think about the electric vehicle world, that will also be likely accretive to our business and parts. So we feel like there's a great future for us.
Chad Dillard: That's helpful. And then second question, how should we think about PFS profitability for the balance of the year? And do you think the environment is strong enough for you to maintain the current run rate of loss provisions?
Harrie Schippers: Yes. Like we said PACCAR Financial is having an excellent year. Used truck gains are a little less than what they were a quarter ago or a year ago. But the portfolio is larger with the growing number of trucks in the portfolio and the higher value per truck in the portfolio. In addition, we see a strong portfolio performance with continued low credit losses, low past dues. So we expect the finance company to continue seeing good quarters as we progress during the year.
Chad Dillard: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Rob Wertheimer: Hi, thank you. My question is on supply chain as you, kind of, exit on Q. Industry volumes seem to have improved markedly. You guys obviously had extraordinary [technical difficulty] And so I'm curious, is supplying disruption, direct costs from shipping, et cetera. back to normal? Is there still more improvement to be had there? And how would that, if at all, impact your decision on pricing?
Preston Feight: Sure. We've worked really closely with the supplier partners we have over the past couple of years, and I give them a lot of credit for what they've been able to accomplish in a dynamic world environment. But it's not finished yet. We still do see some constraints in supplier deliveries, and we keep working through those, and they kind of act some ways is the throttle on our build right now, but generally improving circumstances, and we look forward to that even improving further throughout the year.
Rob Wertheimer: Okay, perfect. Thank you. If I ask one other one, when you look at your raised outlook and I guess competitors have done the same. So you guys are seeing definitely strong demand -- and yet there's fears of recession and slowdown out there. Are you seeing any material mix shift within your orders, say, to construction with project activity versus sleeper cab or would you say it's kind of strong throughout? And I'll stop there. Thank you.
Preston Feight: I think you're right on it. I think that what we've seen is strong demand through all parts of the market. But if there's a trimming in the truckload area, then I would say that’s fully offset by the robust vocational markets that we see.
Rob Wertheimer: Great. Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Volkmann with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Steve Volkmann: Great. Good morning, everybody. Thank you for taking the question. I'm wondering if we can go back to the gross margin, and I just want to try to understand some of the drivers because if you have a slightly higher production in the second quarter versus the first, but your gross margin is down, call it, 100 basis points or maybe a little less. I'm just curious what would drive that gross margin down lower sequentially?
Preston Feight: Well, in the first quarter, I just mentioned the supply base has not fully improved. So there still are costs and things that we experienced in terms of deliveries. In fact, in the first quarter, there were some trucks that we didn't finish delivering. So we had better absorption in the first quarter than we might see in the second quarter, which contributes a little bit. And I don't know if there's anything you'd add, Harrie to that, but…
Harrie Schippers: And I would say the trucks production and deliveries increasing to 51,000 to 54,000 trucks will grow a little faster than Parts. So we would see a little bit of an unfavorable truck versus parts mix which is why we get to that 18% to 19% excellent margin for the second quarter.
Steve Volkmann: Yes, still very high, but just wanted to understand the moving parts. And then maybe, Preston, you mentioned this, but supply chain, I guess, we assume that will continue to improve as the year progresses. So if that's the case, would you imagine given the demand environment, would you imagine that you would be able to continue to increase kind of quarterly production rates in the second half as well?
Preston Feight: Well, continue to improve might not be huge changes in production output. So we'll have to see what that looks like, Steve. We're always looking to build those trucks, especially with the backlog we have.
Steve Volkmann: Understood. Thank you, guys.
Preston Feight: You bet and have a good day.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Raso with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Raso: Hi, thank you for the question. So essentially, the sequential margins, right, we've got truck revenues up sequentially, parts revenue down sequentially, so a little weaker mix, and a little less overhead absorption from -- you can kind of see it in the company inventory, right, what didn't ship, but you built. But on price/cost, I'm curious, the rest of the year, how do you see price cost versus what you experienced in the first quarter? I'm also curious, too, if you can help me a little bit with the FIFO, LIFO change a year ago, I know it's only about 40% of the inventory got changed for it. Just curious at all if you could help us, how has that accounting change helped a bit with the margins? And last, I'll throw one in there, if you can answer it. When do you expect to open the order books for ‘24? So again, price cost, LIFO, FIFO - all right, thanks.
Preston Feight: Why don't we take it in reverse order. I would say that we're already having good conversations with some of the customers about their needs in 2024 and there's a strong interest in the truck, that continues to be good. It's early days. We'll see what happens there. Michael, you've got 66 calls under your belt, why don't you do the LIFO, FIFO call?
Michael Barkley: Well, last year, the FIFO difference was about $50 million in cost. This year will probably be something similar to that, so it's really -- it helps a little bit, but it's maybe 0.1% or 0.2%, kind of huge - 
Preston Feight: And then your first question, you asked about price cost. I think we have shared that we had good price to cost realization in the first quarter. We expect that in the second quarter, and we have a good order book for the third and fourth quarter. So it should be pretty good.
David Raso: So the price cost wouldn't be part of why gross margin is down sequentially. It's really more the sequential revenue mix and the reduced overhead absorption. Is that fair?
Harrie Schippers: That's correct.
David Raso: I appreciate it. Alright, thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Jamie Cook: I guess just my first question, back to the margin. Again, your pretax truck margins were, I think, 13.9%, which is a record high. So can you help us understand, sort of, what's structural or related to some of the new product introductions that are more profitable versus, sort of, just deflation, sort of, helping the margin? So I guess that's my first question. And then my second question, when you talk about the order book for 2023 being substantially full, is that across, sort of, all geographies? And what are you telling customers about pricing specifically for 2024 as you're engaging in conversations? Thank you.
Preston Feight: Sure. First of all, I think on the new products and thanks for bringing them up because we've shared that we've invested billions of dollars in these new products. We brought them out in the last couple of years here, but they're fully introduced. And they're providing 7% to 10% better fuel economy, that's just one thing. So that's $15,000 to $20,000 of value for the customer over a few year cycle. It really makes it important for them to replace the trucks they bought even four years ago with these excellent new DAF, Peterbilt and Kenworth trucks. It's important for them to do that, because they get an operating advantage. Never mind the fact that these are the drivers' favorite trucks to drive, and there's a lot of demand to have them. You see them on the road, they're beautiful. It's what people want to be operating in all the markets, so that's really important as well. I think that the other part of it is they're efficient to build for us. So that's also helpful. So I think that new products are good for us. It's not just limited to the traditional markets of Europe and North America. South America is doing excellent as well. The DAF brand is a leading brand there. We're gaining market share quickly. The dealers are doing really well, and South America is a growing part of our performance, which is contributing to our overall margin growth. As far as what we see, it is substantially full in all markets. So that includes South America, Europe, North America, Australia, Mexico, pretty much everywhere. So the demand for PACCAR is great right now. And as far as 2024, well, 2024, it's the early conversations with people as they're, kind of, figuring out what their capital plans will be and how many trucks they'll buy next year. So it's the early conversations.
Jamie Cook: Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher with UBS. Please go ahead.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Good morning, I want to come back to the Parts business. I'm curious what actually drove the faster-than-expected revenue growth in your parts business? The guidance, again, is somewhat similar to what you rolled out for Q1, so curious what was the surprising part to you? I mean it doesn't seem like it was an accelerating freight market since we don't really have that. So I'm curious about that. And maybe just generally how cyclical or really not cyclical you think the Parts revenues might be over the next few years?
Preston Feight: Harrie, do you want to share some thoughts on that?
Harrie Schippers: Sure. I think I want to echo what Preston said that we've invested a lot of new systems to make it easier for our dealers and customers to have the right parts on the shelf when trucks come into workshop. It is the proprietary components, the PACCAR engines, the PACCAR transmission, PACCAR axles, all the new proprietary parts on the new trucks, where customers only can get service at a Kenworth, Peterbilt or DAF dealership. So the trucks come into our workshops. And once it's in the workshop, our teams do a great job to make sure the parts are there that those trucks need and that sells the parts. We've invested in more distribution centers, added a new one in Louisville, Kentucky. So we continue to build out that footprint. I think the first quarter was especially strong in Europe, where we saw Parts growing really strong. It's just a combination of all those efforts that come together and having the parts available, strong performance by the team worldwide.
Preston Feight: And I would add into that, everything -- I'll echo everything Harrie said, but I'll say our dealer has done a really good job of making investments into their workshops, making it more convenient for trucks to come back to them. So that's good for our customers and good for the Parts business. And I also wouldn't lose the idea that truck age is still pretty high. And there's been an undersupply for three years and those older trucks are consuming parts still. So even as freight tonnage may have trimmed a little bit, I'd still say there's a lot of consumption of parts on the trucks out there.
Steven Fisher: Okay. And then just lastly, can you just remind us where you are in that penetration of the new products and how much runway there is still to go?
Harrie Schippers: For DAF, the new DAF is currently about 75%, 80% of the production mix, and you could compare that to around 25% where we were a year ago. So that ramp-up has been really successful, well executed by the operations team in Europe.
Preston Feight: And in the U.S., it's been complete. The transition is complete fully.
Harrie Schippers: For heavy trucks, but also for the new medium-duty truck that went into production, what is it, 1.5 years ago and that's completely changed over now. That new medium-duty truck is made for those customers, Class 6, 7, 8 or low Class 8 provides like the heavy trucks, more value for customers and build in a very efficient way.
Steven Fisher: Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tim Thein with Citi. Please go ahead.
Tim Thein: Yes, thank you. Good morning. Maybe just continuing on the Parts discussion. The full year revenue growth projection at the 8% to 11%, I apologize if I missed that. Are you sticking with that? Or is that -- are you taking that -- do you now see that higher just given what you see in the first half of the year?
Harrie Schippers: We didn't say anything on the full year. We said it would be 10% to 12% for the second quarter after 17% in the first quarter. And at that run rate, you would get somewhere between 10% and 13% for the year maybe.
Tim Thein: Got it. Okay. All right. And then just on the -- you mentioned the supply chain issues that continue -- and as we think about the interplay there with production for the full-year, do you foresee any change in -- to the extent maybe the assumption that the supply chain is getting better maybe in the second-half than the first? Do you foresee much by way of a mix change there in terms of potentially maybe some units that weren't able to get completed, and I'm thinking of a heavy versus medium duty mix. Do you foresee that changing much in an environment where the supply chain is better? Or is that just kind of around the edges? And I'm just wondering if there's been somewhat of an emphasis to maybe get certain units out the door faster. And if that normalizes, could that potentially have some impact on mix in the back half of the year?
Preston Feight: No, I kind of think your words are really good there, Tim. I think it's around the edges right now that, that would be dealt with. I think it's fairly just generally improving and we feel pretty good about the way it's working through. There's just moments. And our teams and suppliers are doing a really good job of solving those moments. And so it feels like we'll just continue to see that trend upward.
Tim Thein: Okay, all right. Thanks for the time.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Joyner with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
John Joyner: Okay, thank you very much. I feel that things are always great at PACCAR. So sorry for another supply chain issue, but maybe I can ask it, I guess, another way. And with all the work to, I guess, help improve available supplies. Are there any areas that are actually maybe better today than prior to COVID? And can you possibly bucket kind of the percentage of areas that are relatively more normal today versus ones that are still constrained?
Preston Feight: Is your question compared to pre-COVID, did you say?
John Joyner: Yes. I'm trying to understand, I mean, I guess that things are improving, but is there -- just given a lot of the work that's been going on to help the supply base to help the kind of velocity within the supply chain? Are there any areas that are actually structurally better. I mean maybe this is a dumb question, but I feel like it could be the case.
Preston Feight: Well, I think that I would give a lot of credit. We built 51,000 trucks in a quarter. That's a lot of output. So the supply base is doing a good job. That's a high number if you wanted to go back to pre-COVID. And our 51,000 to 54,000 in the second quarter is also a high number. So I would say that great suppliers, good partnerships there and they are doing generally a good job. And there's just always opportunities to keep improving. And we do that together with them.
John Joyner: Okay. All right. Thank you very much. And then -- with regard to the CapEx bump that up a little bit this year. What incremental investments are causing the step-up? And do you expect the total to keep progressing higher or maybe in that $600 million to $700 million range for the next few years?
Preston Feight: We think the $600 million to $650 million is the right number. We've got some really fun and exciting projects that we're working on, that are coming along nicely right now, it's the third phase of our battery electric vehicles, it's engine platforms that we're developing is new truck platforms that we're working on. Just a lot of really interesting things, and as long as we can make good progress on them, we'll spend the money and commit to that.
John Joyner: Okay, all right. Excellent. Thank you, Preston.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes, thanks, guys. Good morning to you. Can we just start with South America. I think you tweaked your industry forecast a bit lower there. So would love to hear what you're hearing on the ground in that region.
Preston Feight: Sure. I mean we've had great success so far in South America in the first quarter. What we see is there's pretty high interest rates down there. And I think there's questions about -- from the customers about what might happen with those interest rates. So there's maybe for some parts of the market, a pause in that space. But really, we still have a great backlog there and expect things to keep going. Our build rates have increased there, and we expect them to stay high. And those are the kind of primary things that are happening. So our tweak down is really about that interest rate pause that we've seen in the market a little bit.
Harrie Schippers: Yes, at the same time, Brazil is transitioning from Euro 5 to Euro 6. And we know DAF has an excellent Euro 6 product in the market out there. So a great opportunity for us to grow our market share a little bit further.
Nicole DeBlase: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then second question on the 2Q build guidance. Any thoughts from a regional perspective, like -- is everything kind of flattish sequentially versus the 51,000 in 1Q, everything up slightly? Like just any thoughts by region would be helpful.
Preston Feight: I wouldn't try to differentiate too much between the regions. I think we're going to see good performance in all of the regions for PACCAR.
Nicole DeBlase: Thanks. I'll pass it on.
Preston Feight: All right, you bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jerry Revich: Yes, hi. Good morning, everyone. And Michael and Brice, congratulation.
Preston Feight: Thank you.
Brice Poplawski: Yes, thank you.
Jerry Revich: I'm wondering if you could just talk about the cost performance. So really interesting to see operating cost per truck down about $1,000 sequentially first quarter versus fourth quarter. As we think about potential for continued improved supply chain performance, how should we be thinking about the pricing part of that equation as costs normalize for you folks? Should we think about pricing following suit? Or are we thinking about delinking the two based on the value proposition at this point?
Preston Feight: Our focus is on making sure our customers have the best trucks in the world and we're doing that, and that has a value to them. And so that's kind of where we see ourselves positioned in the market, and that's what we would expect to continue as we look forward.
Jerry Revich: That's clear. And then looking at your pretax profit per truck this quarter, so 17,500 in 2019, pre-COVID, you folks had a high of 10,000. So really outstanding performance. I'm wondering, can we just step through what proportion of that would you attribute to the higher value add of the new products versus a difference in the marketplace and competitive discipline? How would you counsel us to think about the relative sizes of those pieces and any others you would add?
Preston Feight: I would say that 2018, 2019 were very good years as well. So you put them in kind of comparable markets. And then I would say a lot of that value is really because of the investments we made in the products and the trucks. But as we've said earlier in the discussion, it also adds to the outstanding performance of the Parts team and what they're doing. And so it's trucks, the value they create, it's parts, the way they support the customer, and I would add the third leg of stool has really becoming technology and how we're employing technology, which is helping us a lot to provide reasons for people who want to buy the PACCAR premium products.
Jerry Revich: And I'm wondering, can you just expand on that point and in technology? Are we talking about the functionality of the telematics? Or what specific technology? Can you just expand on that last point, if you don't mind?
Preston Feight: Yes, sure. It's the use of telematics, which is also a great opportunity for us, and we announced that we have a partnership, an enhanced partnership with Platform Science, which is a great partner for us in terms of how we can connect the vehicle, bring useful apps to the customers, and that's accretive to their business growth. So we like to be participating in that. I think the other part of it is with the dealer systems. And we mentioned managed dealer inventory a lot over the years, but now it's like in a complete seamless operation with the dealers of them getting the parts based upon the needs as defined by PACCAR Parts. So that's a great way to see the business growth, and we continue to see that expanding over the years.
Jerry Revich: Great. And if I can just sneak one last one in, Harrie. The parts performance, really strong as well in the quarter. Is this the new run rate for parts percent margins? Or as volumes are going to be down seasonally should we think about margins being good, but maybe not as good as 1Q?
Harrie Schippers: We don't guide for parts margins typically in our calls, but 32%, like you said, was really strong in the first quarter. We continue to grow the Parts business. As the Parts business grows, we leverage the cost structure. So there's a good basis for PACCAR Parts to continue that strong margin performance.
Jerry Revich: Appreciate the discussion. Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Elkott with Cowen & Co. Please go ahead.
MattElkott: Good morning. Just one more follow-up on the parts, what you've said on parts already. If you look historically, parts revenue went from 15% of total revenue 10 years ago to 20% in '22. And I think the growth has been around 8% CAGR versus the remainder of the business at 5%, and it's been more linear, less cyclical growth. My question is, do you see this level of outsized growth continuing for Parts revenue at a similar level in -- for the next five years or so? And is there a sweet spot for parts as a percent of the total that you'd like to see longer term?
Preston Feight: I tell you, we don't think of that. We think of value creation for the customer. And I think that the Parts business is doing that. That's why it's picking up share and it's picking up overall share of the Parts business. And I think that the trend is that the world is becoming a little bit more vertical for us with our powertrains but also with technology and those things, both will contribute to further parts growth over the coming years. So I think that the value opportunity for the Parts team continues to be there for us.
MattElkott: Okay. Makes sense. And then just any update that you guys might give us on the infrastructure bill and if there's any kind of demand that can be attributable to that?
Preston Feight: Yes. I think that the amount of spending being done into the economy, whether it's reshoring or infrastructure is really great for PACCAR. We're the vocational market leaders. And so as money is spent in the economy, that will be good for us in the long term as well.
MattElkott: Got it. Thank you very much.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Kauffman with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
JeffKauffman: Thank you very much. Just two questions. You mentioned interest rates and the effect on your South American outlook. Can you talk at all as to your dealers with their floor plans and how interest rates might be affecting your dealer base?
Preston Feight: Let me add for one thing and then see if Harrie has any other thoughts. I'd say that structurally -- in North America, interest rates are still at a reasonable level. So from a historical standpoint, they're very much in the middle of the world right -- or middle of the road of what history has had -- so we're not very worried about interest rates here. And I don't know if Harrie, you'd add anything else.
Harrie Schippers: Brazil is a little different story because rates in Brazil are running at what is 14 kind of percent rate, but that's completely different than what we see in North America or Europe. And -- so it gets a little bit more customer and deal retention in Brazil. But like we said, the new trucks come with a lot better fuel economy. So if you're buying a new truck, the fuel savings for many customers offset the higher interest rate expense.
JeffKauffman: All right. Thank you. And then I just want to pivot to a more forward-looking question. You were talking about the new telematics packages, and I know we don't have autonomous trucks on the road yet, but everywhere I go, there's an Aurora Peterbilt truck on display some place. When do you think we start to see revenue potentially from things like connectivity, things that you're preparing for the customer? And then as we start to see that, does that reported as part of the truck business? Is that a stand-alone business as you think about it? I just kind of want to think forward on maybe some new streams you may generate from these technology additions?
Preston Feight: Sure. I think from a connected vehicle standpoint, we do see revenue, I'd call it indirect revenue and profits that we get. We've been talking a lot about the Parts business. We can talk about the vehicles being connected and what it does for the customers, but it's an indirect play in. So it shows up in parts and it shows up in truck. It even shows up in financial services in terms of how we're able to help customers manage their business. From the autonomy standpoint, Jeff, I'd say that Aurora is a really good partner and we're pleased with the progress they're making with their autonomous driver, and we're pleased with the progress we're making on having an autonomous vehicle platform that operates with that. And together, we're just trying to make sure that we focus on safety being the primary tenet of this. And we'll be on the road with those with drivers now. And I think that we'll just have to wait and see when it will be time for us to go into a revenue-producing autonomy model that doesn't have a driver and that could be a while.
JeffKauffman: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Ken Hastings: We'd like to thank everyone for joining the call, and thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-24 16:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded and if anyone has an objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Preston Feight, Chief Executive Officer; Harrie Schippers, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Barkley, Senior Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls, we ask that any members of the media on the line participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. For additional information, please see our SEC filings and the Investor Relations page of paccar.com. I would now like to introduce Preston Feight.
Preston Feight: Hey, good morning. Harrie Schippers, Michael Barkley and I will update you on our record fourth quarter and full year 2022 results as well as other business highlights. First, I appreciate our outstanding PACCAR employees. They consistently deliver the highest quality trucks and transportation solutions to our customers and excellent financial results for our shareholders. They're truly an impressive team. In 2022, PACCAR achieved record annual revenues of $28.8 billion and record net income of $3.01 billion. PACCAR’s financial performance benefited from strong business growth across all of PACCAR’s major truck markets, and record results in our parts and financial services divisions. PACCAR has achieved 84 consecutive years of net income and has paid a dividend every year since 1941. In 2022, PACCAR declared dividends of $4.19 per share and announced a 50% stock dividend. PACCAR’s fourth quarter revenues were record $8.1 billion and quarterly net income increased from the prior year by 78% to a record $921 million. PACCAR Parts achieved fourth quarter revenues of $1.47 billion and record pretax profits of $380 million, which was 23% increase compared to the same period last year. PACCAR delivered 51,600 trucks during the fourth quarter. This was 7,300 more than the third quarter and was a result of higher truck production, and the completion of nearly all the vehicles that were awaiting components. The supply chain is improving, though there may be some supplier constraints throughout the year. In the first quarter of 2023 deliveries are forecast to be strong and in the range of 49,000 to 53,000. In 2022, U.S. and Canadian Class 8 truck retail sales were 283,500 units. PACCAR’s market share increased to 29.8%. The U.S. economy is projected to expand modestly in 2023. In this truck sector, there's pent-up demand from the prior three years of industry under production, and customers need to replace aging fleets to benefit from the superior performance of the newer Kenworth and Peterbilt models. The 2023 U.S. and Canadian Class 8 truck market deliveries are forecast to be in a range of 270,000 to 310,000 vehicles. European above 16-ton truck registrations were 298,000 last year, and DAF market share increased to a record 17.3% reflecting the success of the new generation of DAF trucks. In 2023, confidence in the European economy is growing and with pent up demand for new trucks we expect the above 16-ton truck registrations to be in the range of 270,000 to 310,000. In 2022, the South American above 16-ton truck market was 138,300. And this year, the South American market is expected to be in the range of 125,000 to 135,000 units. In Brazil, DAF achieved a record 6.9% share in the above 16-ton market, up from 5.7% last year. DAF Brazil has gross steadily since we opened the factory 10 years ago, and makes a healthy contribution to PACCAR’s global success. Truck, Parts and Other gross margins expanded to 15.9% in the fourth quarter, reflecting strong global performance, higher truck deliveries, excellent parts of business and supply chain improvements. We estimate PACCAR’s worldwide first quarter truck and parts gross margins to be in the range of 16% to 17%. In 2022, PACCAR and its customers realize the financial benefits of the new range of heavy and medium duty Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF trucks. These new trucks are successful in the market due to their premium quality, excellent fuel efficiency and low operating costs. Last year, PACCAR earned recognition in several areas. The new DAF XG distribution and vocational truck was named the 2023 International Truck of the Year. Kenworth and Peterbilt earn six manufacturing leadership awards from the National Association of Manufacturers. The reporting firm CDP again recognized PACCAR as an environmental leader with an elite A rating. This rating places PACCAR in the top 1.5% of over 18,000 reporting companies. And PACCAR was recognized as a top place for Women to Work by the Women and Trucking Organization for the fifth consecutive year. Demand is strong in all markets for PACCAR’s industry leading new trucks and transportation solutions. And we look forward to 2023 being another excellent year. Harrie Schippers will now provide an update on PACCAR Parts, PACCAR Financial Services and other business highlights. Harrie?
Harrie Schippers : Thank you, Preston. In 2022, PACCAR Parts set new records for annual revenues and profits. Annual revenues increased by 17% to $5.8 billion and annual pretax profit increased by 30% to $1.45 billion. Annual gross margins expanded to 30.4% from 28.6% in the prior year. PACCAR Parts is a high margin and high growth business. PACCAR Parts expanded its global distribution network in 2022 by opening a new parts distribution center in Louisville, Kentucky, and its 18 PDCs worldwide. We estimate Parts sales to grow by 10% to 13% in the first quarter of this year, compared to the same quarter last year, as high truck utilization contributes to strong global demand for parts. PACCAR Financial Services’ fourth quarter pretax income increased to a record $151 million which is a 12% increase from last year. Annual pretax income increased 35% to a record $589 million. Portfolio assets increased to $17.2 billion. The portfolio continues to perform well with very low past due and low credit losses. PACCAR Financial benefited from strong used truck prices in 2022. Last year, PACCAR Financial opened a new retail used truck center in Madrid, Spain, bringing the total to 13 used truck facilities worldwide. This retail used truck centers contribute to higher price realization compared to wholesale channels. In 2023, we expect used truck prices to moderate but remain historically strong. With its larger portfolio and superb credit quality, PACCAR Financial should have another very good year. In 2022, PACCAR invested $505 million in capital project and see another $41 million in research and development. PACCAR’s return on invested capital improved to an industry leading 35.2%. In 2023, we are planning capital investments in the range of $525 million to $575 million and R&D expenses will be in the range of $360 million to $410 million as we invest in key technology and innovation projects. These include next generation clean diesel and hydrogen conversion engines, battery and hydrogen electric power trains, autonomous driving systems, connected vehicle services, advanced manufacturing and enhanced distribution capabilities. PACCAR’s independent Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF dealers continue to invest in their businesses to provide our customers the highest level of service in the industry. These investments are enhancing our industry leading distribution network, making a significant contribution to PACCAR’s long-term success and supporting the growth of PACCAR Parts and PACCAR Financial Services. PACCAR had an outstanding year in 2022. And we're very positive about 2023. Thank you, we'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from David Raso from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
David Raso: Hi, thank you. My question relates to the gross margin for the first quarter and how do we think about the cadence from there? So for the first quarter, you have deliveries very similar to the fourth quarter, the mix between truck revenues and parts revenues seems like it's pretty similar. So for the stronger gross margin in the first quarter and the fourth quarter, is that essentially that you're shipping less red tag trucks a little more overhead absorption and price cost gets better? And I'm just trying to think about price costs moving forward after the first quarter. Thank you.
Preston Feight: Yes, sure. David, good to talk to you. The way we're looking at it as the offline units that have been limited by supplier constraints have been largely resolved. So it's fairly behind us right now. But there were some of those that were taken care of in the fourth quarter. So when we think about deliveries in the first quarter, that's basically production is good run rates, we would say that our margins are doing well on both the parts side and the truck side. And that's really a factor of all of the new trucks being in the market and pretty much fully released now in Europe and North America. So the customers are getting the benefits of those trucks, as are we. And I would add one more thing, which is the strong global performance of the team, whether it's in Australia, or in South America is going well and that's contributing.
David Raso: So taking that from the first quarter, then if you're pricing your backlog, I assume isn't going to dissipate the next few quarters. I would like to think some costs may be come down as the year progresses. If that's what you're able to do in the first quarter in price costs, maybe gets a little better over the next couple of quarters, not worse. How should we think about the gross margins moving forward after the first quarter?
Preston Feight: Well you know that we guide, we share information and we think the first quarter will be in general, we think 2023 will be a good year.
David Raso: Alright. Thank you, very much.
Preston Feight: You bet, David.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fisher from UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Nice quarter with the better-than-expected deliveries, to what extent are you backfilling that backlog? Or are you perhaps or net just burning that backlog a bit faster than expected? And I guess I'm curious how much visibility you have later in the year and how much you -- how full your backlog is for say Q3 and Q4.
Preston Feight: I mean I think the macro way to think about it is, since 2020, the industry has really been not able to supply all the trucks that have been needed. So there is a strong pent-up demand for the trucks. And in addition to that, obviously, we've launched more new products at any time in our history. So that's contributing, we have excellent visibility looking into the year, we're full through the first-half filling the third quarter nicely. Demand continues to be strong in line with build. And so it's looking like a really good year.
Steven Fisher: Okay. And just in terms of the cost and inflation side of things. I'm curious what you're seeing from your suppliers in terms of prices. Is there sort of a range that you're seeing where some of them are still raising prices? Some are holding or falling? What are you seeing in terms of the net inflation and actions from your suppliers here?
Preston Feight: I think you did a great job of characterizing it. You see some raising some holding some where there's commodity costs where there have been improvements, but it's a mixed bag. Obviously, labor is still a factor as far as our supplier, for our suppliers, and all of those wash into the mix.
Steven Fisher: Okay, thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dillon Cumming from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Dillon Cumming: Great. Good morning, guys. Thanks for the question. Just wanted to ask the first one on the parts growth, 10% to 13% in the first quarter is pretty admirable, just considering some of the rumblings you heard in the channel with regards to truck utilization, maybe being a bit more challenged, but you've obviously been getting the benefit of the MX engine penetration. Can you just maybe pair off those two kinds of headwinds and tailwinds going into the first quarter. How much of that growth is coming from MX engine penetration versus any headwind from truck utilization, maybe moderating a bit.
Preston Feight: Yes, the 10% to 13% growth rate that we expect for the first quarter really reflects all of those things. So we continue to see the PACCAR engine performing really well. That of course, drives incremental part sales. But the parts team is doing an amazing job launching new programs, whether its fleet sales, ecommerce, our MDI system continues to improve. It also means that we continue to grow our share in the parts business. We're announcing our TIP business, adding stores, selling more parts with TIP. So it's a mixture of all of those things that allow us to do really well in the first quarter and so we are well put.
Dillon Cumming: Got you, thanks, Harrie. Then can I just ask a second one on the FinCo, the margin performance in the quarter really strong considering the deceleration we've seen in used truck pricing more recently. Is that just reflective of PACCAR trucks commanding a premium in the market on used basis, or what would you contribute that more recent strength to considering the decline we've seen in used truck prices more recently?
Harrie Schippers : Yes, we continue to see a 10% or 15% premium for Kenworth, Peterbilt used trucks in the marketplace. That's been around for a long time that continues. But we also see more and more benefits of the used truck centers that we have been developing and opening over the recent years, we now have 30 used truck centers worldwide, allows us to sell more used trucks at retail prices instead of wholesale, to all those things have contributed to the finance company. Like we said, the portfolio is in really good shape, past dues are low, less than 0.005%. So, yes, customers continue to pay their bills and the finance company continues to benefit from that.
Dillon Cumming: Got it. Sounds good. Thanks for the time.
Harrie Schippers: You bet. Welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tami Zakaria from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tami Zakaria: Hi, good morning. Thank you so much. So my first question is how should we think about seasonality of bills and delivery in 2023? Is the first quarter delivery number a good run rate for the rest of the year?
Harrie Schippers: Well, Tami, it’s good talk to you, I think what we see is we have had increasingly steady production. And that's why you're seeing this first quarter number be pretty high with without any of the offline issues of last year that are behind us. So it feels pretty steady there. And I think there's opportunity for us in 2023 as we look forward.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. That's super helpful. And then my second question is, how should we think about your market share gain expectation this year. Should share capture, continue at a clip similar to ‘22? Or do you see any reason or chances of that accelerating this year?
Preston Feight: Well, I think that our teams have done a fantastic job around the world of introducing new products over the last year and a half on the truck side. And as Harrie mentioned on the parts side and the financial services side. So the totality of what benefit PACCAR providing to our customers is very high. And I think that that high benefit to them helps us grow our share. And so when our customers are successful, and our dealers are successful, then we're successful. And that's how we think of it.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. Thank you so much.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chad Dillard from Bernstein. Please go ahead. Your line is open. Chad Dillard, your line is open.
Chad Dillard: Hi, good morning, everyone. So I was hoping you could talk about the, your industry view on the first-half versus the second-half like production cadence just given that there are a number of crosscurrents with the car pre buy well -- kind of demand. So there's like how should we think about that production level?
Preston Feight: Well, I think that, again, I'll come back to the, for our sector. We as an industry have not built enough trucks over the past few years. And that combined with excellent new trucks that provide really good operating cost advantage to our customers, is incentive for them to continue to buy trucks. I think that the pre buy for 2024 is a non-issue. It's too limited and really only California. And customers end up benefiting in most cases when we bring in new products because we bring them features and content and advantages that help them run their operations better. But I think that when we think about the year it feels steady and strong throughout.
Chad Dillard: That's helpful. And then just over to your EV offering. Can you just talk about what the composition of production is for this year and then how has the passage of the Inflation Reduction Act just changed like the conversations that you're having with customers? And ultimately, how are you seeing that translate into your demand curve shift in production?
Preston Feight: Yes, I'll take a couple of comments within and Harrie or someone can add in. What we see is I think what we've shared before and it's coming true is that we think that the EV market, the zero-emissions vehicle market will just gradually grow. Customers are experimenting with it now trying to understand it, they're buying chargers putting an infrastructure around it. PACCAR has nine electric vehicle models in production, nine. So our teams have done a fantastic job of putting the products out there for customers to get used to and applications that fit all their needs. And we think it'll grow as we've shared previously; we think it'll be in the hundreds, and it'll stay in the hundreds for a little while. And then as regulations come in, and experiences become more familiar, it'll grow and turn into the 1000s and extend from there. So I think that at the moment, it's in the hundreds, and we're well positioned for that growth. And we have some fantastic vehicles out there that are providing great experiences. Anything to add, Harrie?
Harrie Schippers : No. I think that's spot on.
Chad Dillard: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Wertheimer from Melius Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Rob Wertheimer: Thank you. Preston, you mentioned a couple of times how the industry has been tight. Obviously with COVID over the past couple of years and customers haven't been able to get all the trucks they want. Are you able to split that in North America at all into sort of the straight truck category versus more fleet trucks? Presumably the Infrastructure Act will drive demand for cement and dump and things like that. I don't know if that's happening already. If you're seeing any early orders, or if that's more of a ‘24 effect, and I don't know how the fleet age and tightness on that side of the market compares with the more trade markets.
Preston Feight: Yes, Rob, it is an issue we need to think about it, I think what we've seen is generally strengthen both sides, truck and tractor. Obviously, it's, there's local market impacts there, but the total general statement would be strong demand for trucks and strong demand for tractors.
Harrie Schippers : And I would add, if anything, industry truck segment, PACCAR has a market share of more than 40%. So any growth accelerated growth in that area, Kenworth and Peterbilt will definitely benefit from that.
Rob Wertheimer: Okay, great, thank you. And then you touched on supplier, supplier component inflation or whatever to you earlier. There's a lot of debate or speculation as to whether the logistics fall, logistics costs are falling or will fall materially. Do you have any sense the current trend for PACCAR and how that looks in the early ‘23? And I'll stop there. Thank you.
Preston Feight: I think the logistics costs have been varied. And obviously over last year, they increased and now I think what we're talking about is there's high input costs there. But it's moderating now, and I don't think we're especially concerned about it for 2023.
Rob Wertheimer: Got it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning. Nice quarter. I guess just two questions. One, I was impressed with the incremental margins you guys put up this quarter, I think 35.5%. I don't think I've ever seen you put up incremental margins that high. So can you talk about how we should think about normalized incremental margins going forward just with some of the new product introductions that are seem more favorable to mix versus some things that might be more one time in nature. And then my second question is just a follow up on. I know, you said the order book is that for your backlog through the second quarter building through but starting to build for the third quarter. Is that across the board in North America or Europe? If you could just distinguish between the two? Thank you.
Preston Feight: Sure, I would, when we think about it, the entire part of team of PACCAR is doing a good job. So our margin performance is based upon providing great trucks that are providing value to our customers. They're realizing those benefits at time with those trucks now. And so that is effective for them. And then consequently, effective for PACCAR on the truck side as Harrie did a really nice job of outlining the parts business growth has been strong and continues to be strong, and we predict it will continue to be strong. So that's helpful to our margins. And I also say that to kind of tie in your second question is we've seen strength globally for PACCAR, right, Europe is doing very well for us, the new trucks there, XG, XF, XG product lines are the only trucks in the industry in Europe that are taking advantage of the masses and dimensions regulations which allow a different shape. So that gives us a distinct advantage in Europe. So the European market for PACCAR is strong as is understood by our 17.3% record market share, we enjoyed there. And I would say that Brazil, Australia, North America, all are doing well. So there's not a single market or a single sector right now we've just got a great team of people that have done a good job of giving our customers what they want. And those products are working really well.
Jamie Cook: Okay, thank you. Nice job.
Preston Feight: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nicole DeBlase from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes. Thanks, guys. Maybe just starting with a question on parts. Margins there continued to surprise to the upside, looks really strong, I guess, how do you think about the ability for that business to continue expanding margins into 2023 and beyond?
Preston Feight: Well, Harrie offered some commentary on Q1 growth and said it’s very positive. One of the things that we should highlight, in addition to some of the ongoing initiatives is our continued integration of PACCAR Parts with our customers and our dealers. I think it's a really important growing part of our business, as it adds to recurring revenue strength for the future. So for us, the future looks very bright for the parts team as they bring data and capabilities into the truck into the dealerships and into the customers. So there's a higher degree of connectivity there. And that'll all be helpful to us.
Nicole DeBlase: Got it. Thank you. And then maybe in the shorter-term question. In the outlook for 1Q delivery is of 49,000 to 53,000. Any distinguishing features among the regions like what you’re expecting sequentially for Europe versus North America versus rest of world? Thank you.
Harrie Schippers : If you look at the range for the first quarter, we expect build rates to improve, basically, in all the geographies we're in so Australia, Brazil, Europe, North America, and we're going to be building more trucks and all of those areas. So it's going to be across the board.
Nicole DeBlase: Thanks. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Elkott from Cowen. Please go ahead. Your line open.
Matt Elkott: Good morning and good afternoon. So last year, we saw some big monthly spikes in Class 8 orders as you guys and other OEMs, open more of the order books like in September. Would you say order or logs are open for much of 2023. And that should be in a less erratic order numbers month to month going forward.
Preston Feight: I think that following orders on a month-to-month basis is a risky thing to do and to try to get any guidance out of that. Because sometimes it's fleet buying season. Sometimes there's different OEMs will handle it differently. And for us, we're taking orders in the second-half. They're coming in nicely. And it seems like it'll fill in 2023 well.
Matt Elkott: Got it. And just one more question now, Preston. Any update on the natural gas engine you announced back in August with Cummins. Anything to report on that?
Preston Feight: No, I think nothing else other than to say that we continue to be the leader in the natural gas offerings in North America. And our partnership with Cummins was fantastic. They're doing a really good job. And I think that the development of, the ongoing development of natural gas engines is something that will survey a portion of the market. You can get lower emissions in that. And so that's a part of the total portfolio of PACCAR to give our customers what they need.
Matt Elkott: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Kauffman from Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeff Kauffman: Thank you very much. And I'll echo Jamie's comments. Terrific quarter, two questions. First one focusing on PACCAR Financial. I was just kind of curious just a big jump in assets almost 8% sequentially after assets and kind of been flattish for the previous four to six quarters. I was just wondering kind of what PACCAR Financial percentage of PACCAR aggregate unit sales are if there was a jump in that that accounted for that differential or what would have driven the assets and PFS up so much sequentially.
Harrie Schippers : So the assets of PACCAR Financial Services increase of course benefitted from nice increase dealer flooring towards the end of the year, our share is about 26% to 36% of the trucks that kind of Peterbilt and DAF have sold were financed by Packer Financial Services. That's about the same as it was a year ago. I think the big increase that we see in the asset growth. In fact, our financial is the higher finances for trucks, the trucks are sold at a higher price, and that creates more assets for the finance company. And that's also one of the reasons that we expect the finance company to continue to perform well as we go into 2023.
Jeff Kauffman: Okay, thanks, Harrie. And just real quick. I was at CES and I saw something I didn't expect, which was a fuel cell truck that you are starting to market. I know that's not going to be big numbers anytime soon. But can you talk a little bit about that?
Preston Feight: Sure. When we think about the technologies that will bring us to the future, we think this will be the dominant path forward for the next several years. But we're all trying to understand whether it will be driven by battery electric, hydrogen question or hydrogen fuel cell as the capabilities for zero emissions products and PACCAR has made prudent investments into each of those technologies. So we understand them, so that if one brings a distinct advantage to our customers, we're ready to offer it to them. And as you noted, we had that both trucks, we had a battery electric and hydrogen fuel cell at CES. Because we're working on both of them. And we'll put it on the market with financially.
Jeff Kauffman: And the fuel cell truck, I'm assuming that's Toyota engine with the partnership. But is that a commercial grade engine? Or is that more passenger cells that you're using?
Preston Feight: I think what we're doing is developing a product that's specific for the truck market. And we're doing that in close collaboration with them.
Jeff Kauffman: Okay. Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Group from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks. So if you guys hold this 16%, 17% gross margin for the year, it's, it'll be your best gross margin ever. I guess how should we think about the new range of gross margins through a cycle meaning if in the last decade, it's been 12% to 15% give or take is the right range? What do you think the new range is for gross margin to recycle?
Preston Feight: Well, I think of it is PACCAR has an incredibly capable team of people around the world. And they're doing a fantastic job of giving our customers the trucks and transportation solutions they need. This is a really strong company. It's a growing company in all elements of the business. So we look forward to the future pretty well. And the margins will be good, we think but they'll obviously be what the market is.
Scott Group: Okay, and then is there, I know there is some mix changes with wholesale versus retail on used? Is there any kind of sensitivity you can give us on used prices and the FinCo margins earnings and any help you can help us with?
Harrie Schippers : Yes, used truck prices have come down a little bit from the historical highs earlier last year. But I would say that even at today's valuations, used trucks are a very, very attractive business for the finance company selling used truck and making profits while we do so.
Scott Group: Do you think FinCo is a business that can grow earnings this year?
Harrie Schippers : Well, we don't guide that specifically on the FinCo earnings for the year. But I would say that 2023 will be another excellent year for the finance company.
Scott Group: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Miguel Borrega from BNP Paribas Exane. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Miguel Borrega: Hi, hello, everyone. A couple of questions for me. The first one, just on your market guidance for Europe and North America just wanted to understand why would you not expect more growth from both markets assuming supply chains keep easing. So what could be kind of the headwind on production for 2022? And also, why are you less positive on European markets versus North America given that your exit rates are much stronger in Europe versus the U.S.? Thank you?
Preston Feight: Well, I think we're positive on the European market, positive on the North American market. And I think that we feel good about the year, I think that our production rates are increasing. Obviously, we see that in the fourth quarter first quarter production plans. And though there could still be uncertainties in the supply base and that could have an impact. But right now, it looks pretty good.
Harrie Schippers : Yes, I would like to emphasize too, that the supply base has been improving. But we still see uncertainties in the supply base. And that's why we have the ranges that we have for the first quarter. And for the markets for North America, Europe for the entire year.
Miguel Borrega: Great. And then my second question just on shareholder returns. This is obviously a record net cash position. Can you give us a sense on how much cash you need to run the business? And how are you thinking about capital allocation going forward? Thank you very much.
Preston Feight: Well, we have a very good history of how we allocate capital, and return excellent, returns for our shareholders. As we noted, 70% return last year, we pay dividends every year, that goes well for our shareholders. And we use money in a smart way, make future investments in a way that's also good for our shareholders. So anything you'd add, Harrie?
Harrie Schippers : Of course, it's nice to see that the cash balance increased to more than $6 billion at the end of December. So that's really nice milestone that we that we achieved. And bear in mind we paid a nice yearend dividend, almost $1 billion that we will be paid in January. So we use the cash to make the investments that the Preston mentioned, but also to make a nice return for our shareholders.
Operator: Next question comes from Michael Feniger from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Michael Feniger: Yes. Thanks, everyone. Just two questions, one on a longer term and the shorter term, just first off, is there anything you think the industry, the OEM learned in 2022 that is more sticky, and structural in terms of managing orders, production pricing strategies, even as production bottlenecks ease and normalize? Is there anything that sticks out to you that could be kind of a more structural thing going forward? Maybe pricing discipline with some of these more public players? Love to get any comment on that?
Preston Feight: I think in answer to that I think our teams do a fantastic job of working closely with our customers, to understand what their needs are, and making sure we meet their needs as quickly as possible. I think the teams specially in 2022 did a great job of, our production teams, or purchasing teams or materials teams and our suppliers together, of producing as many trucks as we could for the customers with that strong demand. And I think that PACCAR has a long history of trying to work well in all market conditions. And I think we'll continue with that.
Michael Feniger: Understood. And just for a more shorter-term question, some market participants point to a rollover and freight spot rates and this gap between spot rates and contract rates. I'd love to know how you view that? Is that just a smaller portion of the customer base doesn't really accurately reflect maybe the strength of the freight market or pent-up demand. Just curious how you in your seat, how you view that distinction?
Preston Feight: I think we try to take a broad look at it and think that freight tonnage is up over 3%, 3.7% for the yearend 2022. So that's a good indicator of what's really going on out there. And as I've shared and we've talked a lot about, I think older trucks are more expensive to operate. And with our introduction of new trucks, coupled with strong ton miles being driven, that's good for PACCAR and bodes well for a strong year.
Michael Feniger: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi, and good afternoon, everyone. I just want to go back to the really strong margin performance and the outlook. So when we look back when you were posting anywhere close to this level of margins, your parts’ margins are up significantly from that timeframe. OEM margins are a touch lower than where they were in 2006. And I'm wondering, Preston, just earlier in the conversation, you mentioned that they improved fuel economy and other features. Are we at a point where we can expect new truck margins to also be up versus the last cycle as well as we think about what that looks like over the next couple of quarters?
Preston Feight: What I think I'd point you towards is the good performance of the trucks. Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF have brought out trucks that are really performing well. I mean, they're winning awards. They're the most fuel-efficient trucks in the industry, they are most desired trucks in the industry. And that bodes well for our truck margins.
Jerry Revich: Okay, and then you spoke about a new approach to the telematics part of the business. Can you just talk about the revenue opportunity for PACCAR, if you can charge $20 per month per truck on your field population, that would suggest a pretty healthy subscription opportunity? I'm wondering, what could the economics look like to you folks based on the partnership structure? And how do you think about the cadence of the product rollout?
Preston Feight: We think that there's a growing business in connected vehicles, and it's growing because we have our vehicles connected, there's a lot of interesting and useful data to our customers on the vehicles that we have. We've offered our PACCAR Connect System. And that PACCAR Connect System is now going to be intertwined with platform sciences operating system and application store. So with the combination of those, it gives us an opportunity for further growth. That's one thing. I'd also say that our parts team is working closely with the data that comes from the truck, our financial services team works closely with the data that comes from the truck all to the benefit of our customers and our dealers. And we think that will be a growing opportunity in recurring revenue.
Jerry Revich: And can you just talk about your expected economics? Would you expect to charge for the enhanced features? So for some comparable systems that are available after market they do go as high as at $20 per month, is that feasible for your offering?
Preston Feight: I think it's going to vary depending on the customer and the suite of technologies that they take.
Jerry Revich: Alright. Thanks.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our last question will come from David Raso of Evercore ISI.
David Raso: Hi, I might try to squeeze in two quickly a little longer term and one short term sorry. Longer term, the idea of a pre buy mid-decade, I am curious. If you think about your builds for the industry, yourselves in ‘24 being influenced by an assumed recovery in ‘25 and ’26, the pre buy before the ‘27 models are out in sort of spring of ‘26. Just theoretically, should that provide a higher floor to ‘24 builds? Because of we've seen in the past, obviously some of these pre buys get well ahead of supply. Is that being too cute thinking about ‘24 builds whatever macro view someone may have, that they can be influenced by somewhat assured, some sense of a pre-buy in ‘25 and ’26. And then I'll be quick on the near-term question. But if you can answer that.
Preston Feight: David, I'm going to let you work that, that's not how we are looking at it. We just think about the products we're offering, the benefit to the customers and making sure that we're the leader in the market with those products. So how the market [Multiple Speakers]
David Raso: Other conversation with customers gets though about?
Preston Feight: Oh, yes, of course we do. But the market will be in ’24 and ‘25, I think is beyond this call.
David Raso: Okay. And then real quick on the near term, that the gap between used and new prices on tractor sleepers is getting obviously a lot wider than it was six months ago. How does that usually manifest itself? Is that more about maybe residual values getting marked down a little bit on leases, like how does that usually begin to flow into your business model when you see the gap between your used tractors and the new prices widening the way it's been the last few months?
Harrie Schippers : David, I would say that both on tractors and sleepers. PACCAR Financial does really well selling those trucks at premium pricing. And it's part of the success of the company that we build trucks that get a premium, whether it's in a new truck market or in the used truck market and benefits the finance company and benefits the truck divisions as well.
David Raso: Alright. Thank you very much for the time.
Preston Feight: Hey, you bet.
Operator: There are no other questions in queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Preston Feight: We'd like to thank everyone for joining the call and thank you operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR’s earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-25 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded and if anyone has an objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Preston Feight, Chief Executive Officer; Harrie Schippers, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Barkley, Senior Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls, we ask that any members of the media on the line participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. For additional information, please see our SEC filings and the Investor Relations page of paccar.com. I would now like to introduce Preston Feight.
Preston Feight: Good morning. Harrie Schippers, Michael Barkley and I will update you on our third quarter financial results and other business highlights. I truly appreciate all of PACCAR's outstanding employees who delivered record third quarter results in the highest quality trucks and transportation solutions to our customers around the world. PACCAR's third quarter net income more than doubled to $769 million and revenues increased 37% to $7.06 billion. PACCAR parts pre-tax profits were a record $374 million, 32% higher than the same period last year. Parts third quarter revenues increased to a record $1.47 billion. Truck parts and other gross margins expanded to 14.9% in the third quarter compared to 14.4% in the second quarter. Strong business operating conditions and PACCAR's increased mix of premium new truck models and excellent aftermarket parts business contributed to the higher gross margins. PACCAR financials had a year-over-year pre-tax income increase of 22% to $146 million reflecting a high quality portfolio and robust used truck results. We estimate this year's U.S. and Canadian Class 8 market to be in a range of 265,000 to 285,000 trucks and next year to be in a range of 260,000 to 300,000. Overall, the strong truck market is expected to continue as a result of the solid freight volumes, high customer truck utilization and the increased fleet age. Customers are replacing their trucks with the new Peterbilt and Kenworth models that enhance their operational efficiencies, achieve industry-leading fuel economy, and attract and retain the best drivers. Kenworth and Peterbilt now have a backlog that extends into the second quarter of 2023. In Europe, this year's truck industry registrations in the above 16-tonne segment are estimated to be in a range of 275,000 to 295,000 vehicles. Like in the U.S. freight demand and customer utilization remains high. The 2023 market is expected to be in the range of 260,000 to 300,000 trucks. DAF's year-to-date market share has increased to 17.4% compared to 15.8% a year ago. This growth reflects the exceptional performance of DAF's industry-leading and award-winning new XF and XG trucks that began production at the end of last year. DAF recently introduced a new XD distribution in vocational truck product line. The new DAF XD models earned the 2023 International Truck of the Year award at this year's Truck Show in Germany. The new XD lineup begins production this quarter. The complete new range of DAF trucks offers customers in Europe, the only trucks that utilize the new masses and dimensions regulations, and are differentiated from the competition due to their more aerodynamic design, superior safety features and spaciousness for the driver. These trucks provide our customers the most fuel efficient, driver-friendly, premium trucks in the European market.  The South American above 16-tonne market is projected to be in a range of 125,000 to 135,000 trucks this year and in a similar range next year. In Brazil, DAF's above 16-tonne market share through September was a record 6.9% compared to 5.6% last year. The outstanding PACCAR team and dealers around the world are performing well and delivering excellence to our customers. Thank you. Harrie Schippers will now provide an update on PACCAR Parts, PACCAR Financial Services, and other business highlights. Harrie?
Harrie Schippers: Thanks, Preston. PACCAR delivered 44,400 trucks during the third quarter. We estimate fourth quarter deliveries to increase to a range of 46,000 to 50,000 trucks. This reflects higher build dates, more production days in the fourth quarter, and a gradually improving supply based performance. Truck parts and other gross margins increased to 14.9% in the third quarter. We anticipate fourth quarter gross margins to be in the 15% to 15.5% range, reflecting higher truck deliveries and continued strong performance of PACCAR Parts. PACCAR Parts had an outstanding third quarter with Parts gross margins of 30.4%. Customers high truck utilization and increased average fleet age contributed to PACCAR Parts record results. PACCAR Parts opens a new 260,000 square foot parts distribution center in Louisville, Kentucky in the third quarter to further enhance parts availability for customers and dealers. PACCAR Parts outstanding performance is driven by its networks of 18 distribution centers, 2,300 dealer locations, 250 independent TRP stores, as well as technologies like managed dealer inventory and innovative e-commerce systems. We currently expect fourth quarter parts sales to be 8% to 10% higher than the same period last year. PACCAR Financial Services benefited in the third quarter from high used truck prices and excellent portfolio quality. Pre-tax income was $146 million, 32% higher than last year. The amount continues to be strong for PACCAR pre-owned vehicles as customers appreciate and pay a premium for their superior reliability and durability. PACCAR Financial has been increasing its network of retail used truck samples and opens a new location in Madrid, Spain in the third quarter. We now have 13 centers to sell used trucks at retail prices which enhances profits. PACCAR has invested $7.3 billion in new and expanded facilities, innovative products and new technologies during the past decade. These investments have created the newest and most impressive lineup of trucks in the industry and will contribute to excellent financial returns for many years. PACCAR's return on invested capital further improved to an industry-leading 23% in the first nine months of this year. Capital expenditures are projected to be $475 million to $500 million in 2022 and $525 million to $575 million next year. Research and development expenses are estimated to be $330 million to $340 million this year, and $350 million to $400 million next year. PACCAR's exciting new line of trucks and transportation solutions, efficient R&D and capital investments, strong after-market parts and financial services business and flexible operating structure position the company for a bright future. Thank you. We will be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. You first question today comes from the line of Chad Dillard with Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Chad Dillard: So first question is about stick-your-price in the third quarter. Can you just give us a sense for what to look like on the truck side and then think -- how to think about that going into fourth quarter, any thoughts on just pressing into the 2023 and, it seems like the exit rate of margins are pretty strong. I mean, how -- how much more upside do you think you could generate going into 2023?
Preston Feight: Yes, sure. I think that what you saw in the third quarter is really strong performance from all the divisions of PACCAR. There was price realization for us and cost-rep also but we had a net positive in that and we would expect that to continue in the fourth quarter. And as we've shared with you, and we're thinking that truck part and other gross margins will increase to the 15% to 15.50% range and a really high-level of performance. And we look out in 2023 and think well a really good year in 2023.
Chad Dillard: Great. And just one more question for you. I was hoping you'd give a little more color on your Europe guide just, what you're baking in from a macro perspective, from a freight demand perspective. Just like what's being accounted there?
Preston Feight: Yes. Harrie, do you want to go and then I'll follow-up with anything?
Harrie Schippers: Yes. We see demands for trucks and transportation to continue to be strong in Europe. One of the statistics that we like to follow is the amount, the toll paid in Germany which is at similar level that it was last year. So freight and transportation continues at strong levels. We see the customers loved their new trucks, strong order intake and first quarter they're basically full with orders and we're now starting to fill up the second quarter in Europe. So the outlook for Europe is really good.
Operator: Your next question comes from the like of Felix Boeschen with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Felix Boeschen: Hey, I was hoping we could talk about the parts business. It's obviously been super strong but, I was just curious if you could provide some high-level thoughts on how you think the parts business might hold up if we do see a more pronounced slowing of the freight market or the macro in the U.S. and Europe next year. What I'm really trying to understand is, we can use the industrial recession as a proxy to see how parts kind of did in that scenario, with fleet seem overaged due to more proprietary content on the trucks. So I'm just kind of curious if you could directionally talk about any puts and takes to parts into next year?
Preston Feight: One of the things that's wonderful about the team here is that they've done a great job at developing a very robust part system that serves your customers well. And I think that's one of the key elements describing the performance of the business is having their right systems and capabilities to provide customers' trucks. We've expanded our footprints and distribution centers around the world that enables to be even a better partner with our dealers and our customers so that helps our performance and insulate ourselves a little bit from cyclicality, gives us a strong recurring revenue business. We've seen growth of our engine business around the world over the several past years which also gives us a strong future look into the parts business. And I think that with the elevated fleet age, we're going to continue to see strong truck performance and parts performance for the next while.
Felix Boeschen: Okay. Super helpful. And if I could just have one quick follow-up. You mentioned the new model mix in Europe. Do you have a percentage of what that was out of European builds in the quarter and where you kind of expect it to go into 4Q?
Preston Feight: I think we're getting towards 70% now of the new model mix in Europe, and I expect that in the -- for the fourth quarter -- in the fourth quarter. And then I'll see that increase next year as well. I can just tell you, we're over at that IAA show in September in Hanover in Germany, and the trucks are simply amazing and the customers are really realizing the benefits of their fuel efficiency and driver performance and that's driving a very strong demand for those new products.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tami Zakaria with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Tami Zakaria: Hi, good morning. Thank you so much for taking my questions.
Preston Feight: Okay.
Tami Zakaria: So my first question is -- hi, so my first question is, so you're expecting some growth in North America truck sales next year. Could you help us understand what kind of macro growth assumptions or GDP growth assumptions are embedded in that guide for truck sales?
Preston Feight: Yes. We don't think of it that way, Tami. We think about the truck industry and what's going on within the truck industry that's driving the volumes. And as you can -- as you look at it, right, freight demand is at very high levels. Truck utilization is at a high-level. And the age of the trucks out in the park has increased for the past three years and there continues to be supply based constraints that limit build. And when you put all of that together and combine it with the excellent new products that are delivering like 7% to 10% better fuel economy for our customers, which is thousands of dollars per trucks per year in savings, it points to a really good market for PACCAR next year.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. So it seems like you're saying, even if let's say there's a broader macro recession, the factors you mentioned specific to the truck industry makes you comfortable in guiding to a growth number for next year?
Preston Feight: Well, as we said, we think that it'll be a strong truck market next year as we showed with our industry expectations of 260,000 to 300,000 in both Europe and North America. So that's pretty strong markets.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. That's super helpful. Thank you. And then from a gross margin perspective with commodity prices coming down and you have a pretty decent visibility to truck volumes next year, do you expect gross margin rate improvement to continue next year as well?
Preston Feight: Well, we talk about the fourth quarter in this call and we expect the fourth quarter to increase in the 15% to 15.5% range.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher with UBS. Your line is now open.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Good morning. You gave us the growth and deliveries in Q4 and the steady retail for 2023, and you mentioned Peterbilt and Kenworth backlog are extending through the second quarter of next year. I'm just curious how much of a question mark would you say is the second half of 2023 in your mind at this point? Or are you anticipating still a pretty solid trajectory of orders really for the next few months that would still set up your second half for an extended period of steady production?
Preston Feight: Well, thanks for the question. The way we look at it is that the first quarter is substantially full as Harrie shared. We're taking strong order intake into the second quarter and into the second half as well. So we see nothing that's slowing us down in the year. Obviously, the further it gets out the less clarity there is, but there's a great backlog of orders and it's growing.
Harrie Schippers: Yes. But right now I would say that it's basically the supply base and the availability of components to build trucks, that determines the pace of growth in the fourth quarter and that's probably going to continue as we enter into next year as well. And then we'll see how long that, that that takes.
Steven Fisher: Okay. And then maybe if you could just give us some color on maybe the order activity by customer type. How much of the strength in trucks do you think is large fleets that are trying to take their fleet age down versus more broad strength? Are you seeing smaller and mid-size fleets strong in the ordering as well as the large ones? And how do you expect that to evolve in kind of Q4 and in 2023? I'm guessing that the smaller fleets are maybe a bit more sensitive to the freight market conditions, but I'm curious what you're seeing sort of in the underlying buildup of your book.
Preston Feight: Yes. I think that the -- it's pretty well spread that there's a strong demand out there for trucks. I mean the vocational markets remain very good, 30% of the build. The larger companies are also ordering trucks for the year. And I think it comes back to those fundamentals of great trucks and an undersupplied market for the past few years bodes well for a strong future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Thein with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Tim Thein: Thanks. Good morning. So the first question is just again continuing on what you just mentioned as to the component availability restricting build rates and just overall production. To the extent that and I would presume, and maybe I'm wrong in this, but I would presume that that's led to some -- potentially some kind of prioritization as to what you want to produce. Does that -- to the extent that eases next year, is there -- has there been a kind of a mix benefit that potentially goes the other way? And again, to the extent, you're producing more vehicles, but presumably some that may or may not carry as attractive economics. So effectively has this year led to again stronger mix benefit that potentially becomes less of a tailwind next year if we do start to see some easing in the supply base.
Preston Feight: Maybe Harrie, you want to swing at that?
Harrie Schippers: Yes. To my -- I don't see that we've prioritized certain customers over others to. I think we want to take care of all our customers and by supplying them the trucks they need like Preston said, we've been capacity constrained for the last three years or so. So most customers that I talked to or hear from, they want to have more trucks and they want to have them quicker. And so we try to satisfy everybody more or less proportionally.
Preston Feight: Yes. I think that would be too detailed. I would agree with Harrie just said, I think it's a little bit too detailed to try to think about it in terms of sectors and tailwinds and headwinds of what we're building. We're building all the trucks we can for our customers and we're going to keep doing that.
Tim Thein: Got it. Okay. And then Harrie, maybe back to your old -- in your old shoes branding DAF curious what you're seeing there from a standpoint of -- one of your peers had noted some fairly sizable increase in the energy-related costs and some relief to suppliers. How big if at all been impact has that been to DAF and its operations in Europe?
Harrie Schippers: Well, we do see a Europe that energy costs have gone up and like I think somebody mentioned on the call before, steel and aluminum prices have come down a little bit. So there's a balance there that with higher energy costs and higher labor costs overall cost levels remain elevated. That's also why truck prices have gone up and continue to go up. But I would say that, that in this environment with the new trucks that we just launched, that customers love gives us a really good starting point to sell more trucks and grow market share as we've done. So as DAF team is doing really well in the market we're currently in and taking full benefit of the new truck models that we launched.
Tim Thein: Okay. Okay. And just I guess we'll see it when the Q comes out, but just on that relationship between price and variable costs, was -- did the benefit increase from where it was in the second quarter overall, not just Europe, but overall for the company?
Harrie Schippers: I would say that prices continued and increased to the third quarter compared to the second quarter. And so did cost the price versus cost differential continue to be favorable for the company. That's why gross margins went up.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning, good afternoon depending on where you're, nice quarter. I guess two questions. First, the deliveries. The deliveries were on the lower end of what you guys had forecast for the third quarter, and you obviously have that improving in the third -- in the fourth quarter to the 46,000, 50,000 range. So what's giving you confidence to bring up your delivery forecast and why was the third quarter at the low-end? And then where do you see sort of red tags as we exit the year? And then my second question, I guess the one thing that struck me this quarter was the incremental margins were very strong, I think in the low-20s, which is above average. It's a better incremental margin than PACCAR typically puts up. Your view sort of on the sustainability of that just given the strength that you're seeing in parts and then potentially that the help from the new product launches. Thanks.
Preston Feight: Well, we start with the deliveries one as we guided 44 to 48, we have 44,400. We think about the third quarter. If deliveries are obviously there's fewer trucks built in Europe, there's about 4,000 -- 4,500 trucks less built in Europe. And then we continue as we say to have limitations under build based on the supply base constraints that are happening. So we see that gradually improving, hence our guidance to the fourth quarter plus the no summer shutdown, some more build days. And our red tags are kind of a similar level, as you call them, red tags for the second and third quarter. And we kind of expect that'll improve slightly in the fourth quarter. So from a margins standpoint, your second question, you kind of almost answered it right. We have a great parts performing team and we guided in the fourth quarter that gross margins are going to improve to 15% and 15.5% range. We think that that's going to continue to be strong performance based upon the excellent new products as you mentioned. That's what's going to keep the performance at the very high levels that we're seeing.
Jamie Cook: Okay. So low-20s incrementals is in a bad way to think about your business assuming volumes are there.
Preston Feight: I'll let you think about it that way. We think about it in terms of how the business is running and what we're providing.
Jamie Cook: I just want to know if my thinking is right, but I try. Okay. Thank you. I appreciate it.
Preston Feight: All right. Take care.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Stephen Volkmann: Great. Thank you, guys. Most of my questions have been answered, but I guess maybe a longer-term bigger picture question. You've done a great job growing the parts business including the gross margins kind of through the issues we've had over the last two years or three years, but your truck gross margins are still circa 300 basis points, I think below pre-COVID levels. And I'm just curious how you're thinking about that going forward. Is there anything that would preclude us from getting back to those kind of 2018, 2019 levels of gross margin? And if not, what would be sort of the key levers that that need to be pulled to get back there?
Preston Feight: Well, Harrie you want to?
Harrie Schippers: No, well, Steve our -- our -- as you know, our margins continue to improve and the new products that we launch in North America and Europe have provided good tailwinds. I would say to margin growth. And as you see it now, our margins are the best in the industry and that's our goal to stay the best in the industry and parts plays a key role there and the new trucks and strong margins on those new trucks would be the key element of that as well.
Preston Feight: And I would add, I agree with everything Harrie said, and I would add to that, that our operations teams have done an incredible job around the world of making sure we get as many trucks out as we can and sometimes that's done less efficiently. So if that smooths out, then that will be an upside as well.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay. Yes, and Harrie, we always want more so that, that was the spirit of the question.
Harrie Schippers: We wish we had [ph].
Stephen Volkmann: And then may be -- maybe I can just attach one more here. I was interested; I mean your financial services results were quite good despite kind of lower revenue there. Was that mostly kind of the goodness of used truck sales. And I'm curious if that you're starting to see those prices kind of normalize again or maybe not yet.
Harrie Schippers: It's nice to see how the finance company continues to perform really, really strong. Run at a $46 million in the third quarter, second best quarter ever. So very proud of the team achieving and delivering those results. Business continues to go well. Portfolio quality is excellent. Past dues are like 0.3% kind of range are really, really low. The revenues reflect the fact that our used truck inventories are at low levels, so there's less flow, less sales of used trucks. But the used trucks that we sell. We'd have now 13 used truck centers, a growing portion of it that provides a nice tailwind for the finance company. And I would expect the finance company to continue to do well as we enter the fourth quarter and going into next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Raso with Evercore. Your line is now open.
David Raso: Hi, thank you. For 2023, the order books, can you let us know how far they're open and is that open for national fleets? Is that open for all size customers? Just trying to get a sense of how far out the books are open in North America and in Europe. Thank you.
Preston Feight: Yes. The order books are opens, Dave, it's as we said, substantially full in Q1 filling in well in the second quarter and even through this into the second half as customers look at their full-year delivery plans and allocate their capital for next year. So yes, going well by all segments and really kind of as we would expect it for a strong year.
David Raso: And the pricing that's in the backlog is that notably higher than what was shipping in the third quarter? Just trying to get a sense of sequential pricing from what's already in the book.
Preston Feight: Well, we talked about the margins improvement into the fourth quarter. 14.9% gross from 15% to 15.5%, so that kind of implies that we have confidence in our price versus cost model, and we think we'll have that next year too.
David Raso: And I know you don't divulge truck margins by geography, but when you see what's in the book, you know what the new trucks are doing on your economics, when we think of any margin improvement next year, and at the moment you're not assuming radically different growth rates and even EU versus U.S., Canada. How should we think about the margin improvement geographically? I'm trying to get a sense a bit obviously just cyclically thinking about next year, but structurally, is there something about some geographies it might even be with another geographies just how to think about the margin improvement geographically knowing what the new trucks are doing?
Preston Feight: You know what I think is that the new trucks around the world for PACCAR are doing so well in terms of their operating cost performance to our customers. That is helpful to us in terms of margin. The percent of the product that we changed in Europe is a higher percent than we changed in North America. And so that's really helpful to us in Europe. And I think that our team in South America is doing a great job. In Australia, they're doing a great job and in Mexico they're doing a great job. So I kind of look at it and think that it's happening everywhere for us.
David Raso: Terrific. One last quick one if you don't mind. The used gain on sale, the used trucks in the FinCo, for the third quarter, I was curious, I mean obviously shipments have gotten a little better, but overall the unit delivery wasn't great and obviously we can kind of equate when you're selling more new, it creates more used opportunities regardless of the used truck price. Was the gain on sale in the third quarter similar to the first two quarters that roughly $35 million run rate?
Harrie Schippers: No, I would say it was more or less similar, Dave -- David.
David Raso: Helpful. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Preston Feight: Right. Good day.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Joyner with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
John Joyner: Hey, good morning. I just had one question. So following up on Steve's and Raso's question, with regard to used prices and such I mean so I guess what happens on the other side of this when used prices do moderate to maybe a more normal level? I mean do you tend to put the trucks back through wholesale or I guess how are you thinking about that?
Preston Feight: Well, I think what we think is that if there is going to be a market that is constrained like it has been and truck ages up and freight volumes are up, then that could be some time before we experience that. We know the markets are cyclical. We have a great team in our financial services business. They do a really good job of adjusting to where the market is and maximizing the return on the DAF, Kenworth and Peterbilt products that really get a premium in the marketplace. So regardless of the part of the cycle we operate in, we tend to get that premium. We continue to expand our capability in that area. We've opened up a new used truck center in Madrid. We continue to take advantage of the opportunities of selling more retail and that's helped as a business in the long-term. Is there anything you'd add, Harrie?
Harrie Schippers: No, I think that summarizes it well.
Preston Feight: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes thanks guys. Thanks for taking my questions.
Preston Feight: Sure.
Nicole DeBlase: So maybe just starting with a little bit more on supply chain. So totally understand that there's still a lot of constraints here, but have you guys observed any major signs of improvement? If we just think about like how supply chain is going relative to last quarter and where we were at this time last year?
Preston Feight: I think that compared to year-over-year, it's definitely better. I think that sequentially in the quarters we see different issues that are kind of adjusting. We have really good relationships with our suppliers and we continue to work with them to kind of solve out the issues. I'd say that it has shifted a little bit from being purely semiconductors to maybe being other labor kinds of issues and other material kinds of issues, but they're doing a really good job of helping us get the parts we need. Hence, we see that the production should grow in the fourth quarter.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay. That's really helpful. And you guys have increased your CapEx and R&D in 2023 relative to 2022 as per the new guidance today. I guess what are the big drivers there? I think R&D most people understand where the investment lies, but with respect to CapEx, what is causing that year-on-year step-up?
Preston Feight: Well, we have a lot of really neat projects that we're working on. We have some great clean diesel projects. We have some great zero emissions projects. We continue to make investments into our autonomous vehicle platform, our connected services platforms around the world, and enhancing our production capacity so we can build more trucks and engines and all of that is kind of what's driving those numbers. So it's fun to see those numbers moving just because they pretend a great future for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Your line is now open.
Rob Wertheimer: So I guess my first question or two, one is on Europe, and not so much on the demand side, but just on supply where, there's a lot of unease around energy and shortages and whether that will cause disruptions in the supply chain. And so I guess from your internal point of view, is that something you worry about? Do you see the next three months to six months of being risky? You don't know if a supplier's going to have an issue and shut down or is that something you see as more stable than perhaps I do?
Preston Feight: Well, I think that everybody can read the same headlines. But I would tell you that from inside of our business, we work really closely with our suppliers so that we can understand anything they're dealing with. And so far, it's been pretty good. We look into next year, and everybody is paying attention to it. We'll continue to work as partners to try to make sure we get the parts we need. I think we find ourselves in a pretty good position as we sit today.
Rob Wertheimer: Okay. Thank you. And the other one and I apologize if you answered this in reference to Steve. But when you look at your aftermarket margin, obviously, there's been a lot of effort over a lot of years, and revenues and margin are both increasing. At this point, are you seeing disproportional contribution from proprietary parts as you kind of get that mix-up? Or is there still runway across the aftermarket business on revenue and margin? Thank you. I'll stop there.
Preston Feight: Sure. I don't think it's disproportional. I think a lot of what's going on is the parts team and our dealers are doing a fantastic job of this business growth and creating recurring revenue by serving the customers well and by helping them become more efficient. And I think that's a lot of systems, a lot of e-commerce, a lot of relationship building, and I expect that will continue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Jerry Revich: Preston, wondering if you could talk about as you're having conversations with your customers that are interested in making longer-term plans for electrifying their fleets. How is their approach to procurement different at all in terms of the number of truck OEMs that are looking to use? Or any other differences in the process and the impact that you might have on your opportunity to get potentially better share in medium duty market in an EV environment versus diesel?
Preston Feight: Yes. I think that they use the same kind of analytics they do to make any kind of a buying decision as they're looking for an operating cost advantage, a total cost of ownership equation to work for them. It adds elements now with EVs because they think about charging and infrastructure and return and mileage and route and utilization. So we partner with them at Peterbilt, Kenworth, DAF and parts all partner with them to try to make sure they think about all the input costs that are going into it. And then as well, the incentives that are available to it and use all that together to come up with kind of like when is it time to start into the market, try five or 10 or 20. And then when is the time going to be to move even more quickly. And I think that that's kind of a very active dialogue that depends upon their used case.
Jerry Revich: Okay. And is that conversation any different in terms of number of participants versus diesel purchases? Or are they concentrating those conversations with fewer suppliers than they were in a diesel environment given the complexity?
Preston Feight: No, I think that they have a high trust in PACCAR and our high quality and excellent performance overall. We have that that is kind of the promise we make to them that we want to deliver on, and we'll do that through EVs as well. So I think that makes that we have a seat at the table to work with them and provide a successful solution for them.
Jerry Revich: Okay. Super. And just to shift gears. Harrie, I apologize if I missed this. You talk about in Europe the backlog coverage that you have, how far out the lead times track today. And can you talk about -- so we're in the mid-17s from a market share standpoint in Europe as regulations are implemented. Can you talk about the timeframe and opportunity for market share to continue to potentially move higher once the new regulations that you alluded to in the prepared remarks are implemented?
Harrie Schippers: Yes. The new mass and dimension regulations that we talked about allows for more aerodynamic and more fuel-efficient trucks to be designed if you meet certain criteria. DAF is taking full benefit of that new legislation. So as far as we can tell, DAF was the only truck manufacturer in Europe that has those trucks on the market today. That puts us in a really strong position to grow margins and market share. Like you said, 17.4% share year-to-date, that's a record for DAF. With the new trucks, yes, we're -- we're in an excellent position to grow that market share even further in the coming years.
Jerry Revich: And sorry, Harrie, the lead time part of that question, how far out are you taking orders in Europe?
Harrie Schippers: We -- the first quarter is more or less full today at the current capacity that suppliers are providing us, and then we're filling in the second quarter nicely at this moment in time. So that's a really good balance. It's a nice backlog for us as we enter 2023.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Feniger with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Michael Feniger: Hey, thanks for taking my questions. I know this got asked a little earlier. But just how should investors think about the gap you're seeing between spot freight rates and contract rates right now? How does that dynamic impact your customers' investing decisions going forward? Is that data point that spread you're seeing between the contract and spot rates, is that relevant in terms of how they think about their investment profile and purchasing decisions profile over the next few months?
Preston Feight: Well, I think that when you think the spot rates are a minority of the market, it's 15%, 20% portion of the market, when there's strong contract rates, which there are and when tonnage is at such high levels like it is, then I think there's still plenty of good business for them to have. And I think that they're still oversubscribed in terms of people wanting loads carried as a general statement, which is good for their businesses. And I would expect that that's -- they're being good for their business will be good for our business.
Michael Feniger: Makes sense. And if I look back like nine out of the last 12 years, your gross margins are up Q1 over Q4. So with the 15% to 15.5% guide in Q4, maybe help us understand why wouldn't gross margin increase from that level in the first quarter of next year. Anything we should think about there?
Preston Feight: I don't think we said that they shouldn't. I think we said that we had good gross margins this quarter. We expect them to be very good next quarter and fourth quarter, and that we think 2023 will be a really good year.
Michael Feniger: That's helpful. And just if I could squeeze one more in just on the R&D. I mean you're finishing this year, I think, on an annual basis, up 2% to 5%. Your truck sales are up nearly 30%. You guys did guide for next year. It seems like there's a little bit of a catch-up and R&D spending is going to be up double digits. But how should we think about like going forward into 2024? Is -- should we be looking at R&D as a percent of sales as a metric? Any way to kind of think about some of the investments that you guys are making and how to think about that over the next few years, given your backlog and how you guys are thinking about the truck cycle going forward?
Preston Feight: Sure. I can share with you how we think about it. We think of spending on R&D is that we have good projects that bring value to our customers. We're such a strong financially-positioned company that we spend the money we want to on the products that are going to bring value to our customers, and that's how we define our R&D spending.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Kauffman with Vertical Research Partners. Your line is now open.
Jeff Kauffman: Thank you very much. Well congratulations everybody.
Preston Feight: Thank you.
Jeff Kauffman: Hey, a lot of my questions have been answered, but I wanted to kind of follow-up. I mean things are changing globally, and currency has been one of those things that has changed pretty dramatically. You'd never know it looking at your results. And I was just kind of curious if you could talk a little bit about how currency is impacting, whether it's the revenues or the profits being reported back. And kind of give us an idea of what kind of impact to think about when we're talking about the truck business, whether we're talking about the Parts business, Financial Services business, as we think about moving toward 2023.
Michael Barkley: Jeff, this is Michael. Revenues for Q3 were reduced by $325 million due to currency effects, mostly the euro; some offset with the Brazilian real was stronger. And for the year, it was $740 million. So there's been that effect, and the impact on profit was about -- net profit was about $20 million for Q3 and $50 million for year-to-date.
Jeff Kauffman: Okay. And then just one follow-up. You talked about some of the new investment platforms. And I was just wondering because every time I see one of your trucks out there, there seems to be an Aurora system attached to it these days in terms of just showing what's on the horizon. Can you talk a little bit about your progress there? And you had discussed maybe building some platforms where PACCAR could be a beneficiary of some of the information and data flows on some of these new vehicles for customers that were looking to electrify or go autonomous in a couple of years. Just kind of an update on some of these new platforms.
Preston Feight: Sure. We're really pleased with the progress we're making with our partnerships with Aurora and others, and it's going really well. They're making excellent progress. Together, we are. We are developing as you mentioned, Jeff, we're making this autonomous vehicle platform, which creates a system of redundancy, which makes operating the vehicle feasible. It integrates it into the truck through software as well. And our expertise and their expertise combined is creating, I think, a really neat product for the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Elkott with Cowen and Company. Your line is now open.
Matt Elkott: Thank you. Maybe I'll ask you guys on the cadence of new truck deliveries going forward, given how anomalous this environment has been and how it's pushed off the production cycle. As supply chain disruptions continue to ease and you're able to further optimize your manufacturing processes, could we see a more linear quarterly cadence than historically with deliveries or maybe even like steady, modest quarter-over-quarter increases in deliveries in the next few quarters?
Preston Feight: Well, I think that as the supply base improves, it does make it smoother, as you're right to say that. I think we got to see it get totally smooth before we can take full advantage of that. I think that prediction of when that will be; we don't know how to make that. We just keep building all the trucks we can. And I would expect that, as we said, we expect deliveries increasing in the fourth quarter. And beyond that, we'll watch how the opportunities are. As we think that the demand is strong, we do think that next year still feels like at least the beginning to be supply constrained.
Matt Elkott: Yes. Got it. And then just one last question. If you ask the off-highway equipment manufacturers they're expecting infrastructure-related projects to start hitting their backlog late this year, if we look back historically, can you -- is it easy for you guys to kind of trace some of your business to either residential or non-residential construction activity in the U.S.? Residential is obviously moderating, but there's an expectation that infrastructure projects will start coming in next year.
Preston Feight: And the U.S. markets, Kenworth and Peterbilt are the leaders in the vocational markets for trucks that support those kinds of projects and expect that will continue next year, and we do see strength in those markets. So we would expect that to be good news and a tailwind for 2023.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Group with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Scott Group: Hey thanks. We saw the really strong industry order numbers for September. Any color on October? Are you seeing anything directionally similar with September?
Preston Feight: Yes. We're seeing continued strengthening even so we're seeing that September was strong, and we see October being strong as well.
Scott Group: Okay. On the currency question that Jeff asked, is fourth quarter similar with Q3 in terms of that net $20 million headwind? Or could it be a lot bigger than that?
Preston Feight: Michael?
Michael Barkley: It will be similar to that. The euro had already started to drop last in the fourth quarter of last year so -- but I would expect it to be about a similar number.
Harrie Schippers: Of course, it depends on what the exchange rate are going to be --
Preston Feight: Sure.
Harrie Schippers: Two months still. Yes.
Scott Group: And then just last thing with Nikola acquiring Romeo, does that have any impact on battery suppliers for you? How do you think about that?
Preston Feight: Yes. We have a really good supply base structure with the battery producers in the world and have long-term contracts in place that give us adequate supply.
Scott Group: So Nikola as a competitor acquiring a supplier really doesn't change anything?
Preston Feight: No, impact at all. It's our ability to produce EV vehicles.
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Ken Hastings: We'd like to thank everyone for joining the call. And thank you, operator.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-26 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR’s Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question and answer session. Today’s call is being recorded and if anyone has an objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR’s Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR’s Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Preston Feight, Chief Executive Officer; Harry Schippers, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Barkley, Senior Vice Present and Controller. As with prior conference calls, we ask that any members of the media on the line participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. For additional information, please see our SEC filings and the Investor Relations page of paccar.com. I would now like to introduce Preston Feight.
Preston Feight: Good morning. Harry Schippers, Michael Barkley and I will update you on our second quarter results and business highlights. I truly appreciate PACCAR’s outstanding employees around the world, who continue to deliver excellent results in the highest quality trucks and transportation solutions. PACCAR achieved record revenues and net income in the second quarter. PACCAR’s revenues increased 23% to $7,160,000,000. Net income increased 45% to $720 million. PACCAR Parts second quarter revenues increased by 18% to a record $1.43 billion. Parts pre-tax profits were record $353 million, 32% higher than the same period last year. Truck parts and other gross margins expanded to 14.4% in the second quarter compared to 13.5% in the second quarter of last year. PACCAR’s increased vehicle production, new lineup of premium trucks and strong after-market Parts business drove the higher gross margins. PACCAR financial had an excellent quarter increasing year-over-year pre-tax income by 36% to $144 million due to its high quality portfolio and strong used truck results. PACCAR is an industry leader in diesel and zero emissions powertrains, autonomous trucks and next generation connected services. PACCAR’s best-in-class new trucks, its new clean diesel and electric powertrain lineup, and its ongoing research and development programs provide our customers with the right products and technology to help them optimize their operations. The entire PACCAR team has done an excellent job of working with our suppliers to manage supply base shortages, and we have been able to gradually increase daily truck production. In the U.S. economy, unemployment remains low. GDP is estimated to grow and industrial production is projected to expand. Based on this favorable operating environment, we estimate the U.S. and Canadian Class 8 market to be in the range of 260,000 to 290,000 trucks. The European and U.K. economies are also growing with Euro zone unemployment at low levels. The 2022 European truck market is expected to be in the range of 270,000 to 300,000 trucks. Looking at PACCAR’s operating environment, our new generation of trucks in Europe and North America are providing our customers the benefit of owning the most desirable and most efficient trucks in the industry. Freight tonnage remains at great levels were sold out for the year and the first quarter is beginning to fill-in nicely. With fleet age up and truck utilization high, we anticipate continued strong demand for PACCAR Parts, Trucks and Financial Services. Thank you. Harrie Schippers will now provide an update on PACCAR Parts, PACCAR Financial Services and other business highlights. Harrie.
Harrie Schippers: Thanks, Preston. PACCAR delivered 47,000 trucks during the second quarter and 9% increase over the first quarter. We estimate third quarter deliveries to be in the range of 44,000 to 48,000 trucks. As higher daily build dates will be offset by the normal summer shutdown at DAF in Europe. Truck Parts and other gross margins increased to 14.4% in the second quarter. We anticipate third quarter gross margins to be in the 14.5% to 15% range, reflecting a continued strong performance of PACCAR Parts and a favorable mix of new truck models in production. PACCAR Parts had an outstanding second quarter with Parts gross margins of 30%. Customers increased truck utilization and higher average fleet age have contributed to PACCAR Parts record results. PACCAR Parts outstanding performance is driven by an expanding network of 18 parts distribution centers, 2,200 dealer locations, 250 independent TRP stores. As well as technologies like managed dealer inventory and innovative e-commerce systems. PACCAR is continuing its investments in the Parts business by opening a new distribution center in Louisville, Kentucky this quarter. PACCAR Financial Services benefited in the second quarter from high used truck prices and excellent portfolio quality. Revenues were $373 million in the second quarter. Pre-tax income was $144 million 36% higher than last year. Demand continues to be strong for PACCAR pre-owned vehicles as customers appreciate and are willing to pay a premium for the superior reliability and durability. PACCAR Financial has been increasing its network of retail used truck centers and it’s opening the used truck retail center in Madrid, Spain this year. These facilities sell used trucks at retail prices which contributes to higher profits. PACCAR has invested $7.3 billion in new and expanded facilities, innovative products and new technologies during the past decade. These investments have created the newest and most impressive lineup of trucks in the industry and will contribute to excellent shareholder returns for many years. PACCAR’s after-tax return on invested capital improved to an industry leading 23% in the first half of this year. Capital expenditures are projected to be $425 million to $475 million this year, and research and development expenses are estimated to be $330 million to $350 million. PACCAR’s exciting new line of trucks and transportation solutions, efficient R&D and capital investments, strong after-market parts and financial services business and flexible operating structure position the company for a bright future. Thank you. We will be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We’ll pause just for a moment to allow everyone an opportunity to signal. We’ll take our first question. Caller your line is open if you would please check your mute button.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is Chad Dillard from Bernstein. First question for you, just on your gross margin trajectory, if I look cycle, last time, we had like 1,000 builds versus 2014 and I think you guys are doing around I guess like margins, if we fast forward to where we are today, looks like we’re heading for like a 14.5% run rate, kind of quite a curious about just like the cycle-over-cycle durability. And then secondly, just like how to think about the evolution of margins as we go through the backend of the year and any early comments you can give on your thoughts at least like going to 1Q, given that you are taking orders right now?
Preston Feight: Sure, I’d be happy to take the question. I feel like things are going really well for the company. As we shared in the commentary, the new trucks are performing really well, in the market in Europe and in North America, that performance is helping our customers perform better, finding excellent fuel economy for them. And the result of that is an improvement in margins. That is really the fundamental underlying principle for increase in truck margins. I’ve also shared that our Parts team is doing a great job and set another record in the first quarter. We expect continued strong performance in the second quarter, I should say. We expect continued strong performance throughout the year for them, because fleets of aged and utilizations are at high levels, which is driving Parts performance. So we do expect to see continued improvement in margins for some time.
Unidentified Analyst: And then just second question on Parts. Just how to think about a year-on-year growth, as well as margins on that?
Preston Feight: Harrie you want to offer commentary?
Harrie Schippers: Sure. We expect Parts sales to continue to be strong in the third quarter, probably similar to the second quarter, which would be up 12% to 14% from the third quarter last year.
Operator: We’ll move on to our next question.
Robert Wertheimer: Good morning, everybody. It’s Robert Wertheimer from Melius Research.
Preston Feight: Good Morning.
Robert Wertheimer: Are you guys there? Yes, great.
Preston Feight: We’re here.
Robert Wertheimer: So two quick questions. One is just, could you update, I mean, that the results were great, the margins look very strong obviously some tailwind from Parts as you noted. Could you update us on where you stand on price versus inflation? Is there continued catch up from price? And I don’t know if you make any comments on Truck pricing, how far it was up for you guys in the quarter?
Preston Feight: Michael, you want to share any thoughts on that?
Michael Barkley: Yes, we had good price realization during the quarter that kept pace a little bit more than kept pace with our cost increases.
Robert Wertheimer: And the second one a little bit bigger picture, Europe if you’re a customer in Europe, I suppose you have a lot of different things you could choose to worry about with energy security and so forth. And I’m curious whether knowing maybe your orders are kept by supply chain or whatever just what your mood from your customers in Europe is? And is there any sign of impending downturn there? Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet. Well, our European business is doing fantastic right now. The new trucks that we introduced are really delivering for our customers. They are an increasing percentage of our build. They’re roughly 50% in the second quarter, and the increasing in the third quarter. Demand is exceptionally strong for those products, the only trucks that meet the new masses and dimensions regulations in Europe, which provides great driver comfort. They operate in a premium position in the market. And they’re doing a fantastic job. So I think that what we see is continued strong demand in Europe. Freight is moving effectively, and we think it will continue to do so.
Operator: We’ll move on to our next caller.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning, Jamie Cook. Can you hear me?
Preston Feight: Hey, Jamie, we can hear you.
Jamie Cook: Hi, I guess two questions. First of all, great performance in the quarter. You talked about the new products being about 50% of build in the second quarter, I think that was specific to Europe. Can you comment on where those build rates are in terms of new products for the U.S.? I guess that’s my first question. And then my second question, just given the deflationary pressures that could be facing us in the back half the year into 2023 your confidence level and being able to maintain the pricing levels that you have today just given your new product introductions, do you think you can maintain the list price increases that you have out there?
Preston Feight: Well, let’s start with the first one, which is new, the North American new products, the medium duty product that was on a brand new platform and the heavy duty product for the new 579 and T680. And we’ve completed those transitions in North America now. And you’re right to note that it’s a European product that’s continuing to increase. So that’s good news for all of us, as we’ll take build rates up to the new products continually through being exceptionally well received by our customers. And then as far as commentary and pricing is we feel like because we’ve got the right products in the marketplace, and that the best products delivering thousands of dollars per truck per year and fuel economy savings, that our customers will continue to want to buy those trucks from us. And so we think that the pricing model will stay intact.
Jamie Cook: I guess in a follow up question, if I could, again, just given the new product introductions in, just performance from your perspective, what do we need to see in the market to get your truck gross profit margin sort of back to the pre-sort of COVID, 11% to 12% margin?
Preston Feight: I think every market stands on its own, as you would be well aware and know, and we’ve talked about in the past, right, there have been supply challenges, and we’ve put a priority and making sure that we get the most trucks out for our customers that we could. So that has been a thing that we’ve dealt with really effectively. Great congratulations to our team and our suppliers for working through that and continuing to work through that. But our focus has been on getting the right trucks out to our customers and making the transition to the new products. And we think that looking forward, we’ll see continued growth, as Harrie noted in the comments.
Operator: We’ll take our next question.
Jerry Revich: Yes, hi, good morning and good afternoon. This is Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.
Preston Feight: Hi, Jerry.
Jerry Revich: Hi, your Parts business it’s really interesting, over the past five years, you folks have taken up margins by over a point per year. And I’m wondering as we look at the Parts business over the next couple of years, as your engine field population grows, is that level of margin expansion sustainable two, three, four years out? Can you just talk about the moving pieces in there, if you don’t mind?
Harrie Schippers: Like you said, Jerry, that Parts margins have improved very nicely at record levels of around 30% now. A lot of that is driven by the increasing success of the PACCAR Engine. And as the population grows, and the engines get older and get into more maintenance work, that should be a tailwind for Parts margin in the future as well.
Preston Feight: Yes, I think that’s what Harrie said, it makes complete sense. And I would just add to it, the opportunity of what the Parts team is doing from a technology standpoint and how effective they are at capturing an increasing percentage of the market is also helpful to us improving margins, so the systems that are employing the technology they’re employing, and put us at the top of the class in terms of how we support customers.
Jerry Revich: And then, just to follow up to Jamie’s question in terms of labor hours per unit on trucks, now that you’ve dealt with the toughest part of the supply chain challenges, are you back on trend line levels of labor hours per unit or is there more efficiency gains on that normalization in the next couple of quarters for us to think about?
Preston Feight: I think that it’s a great comment. And I think what we’ve seen is, again, the focus on getting trucks through to our customers. And that continues to be our focus. We are not back to our optimized efficiencies, but very darn efficient, I think from a standpoint of how we’re producing the new trucks and what they’re bringing. We’re going to continue to make sure we build as many trucks as we can and that’s really our first priority.
Jerry Revich: And lastly, obviously Europe is a big region, can you just talk about differences in order trends by your major countries, anything that you would point out in terms of any differences in order intake rates over the past couple of months?
Preston Feight: Yes maybe Harrie, you want to offer something on that?
Harrie Schippers: Yes, sure. As we noted in the in the press release, market share in Europe has grown to 17.5%. A lot of those gains have come out of the let’s say bigger markets like Germany, France and Spain, where we had opportunity to grow. And it’s really, really, really exciting to see that in the first half year those countries came through. And that has done really well in those markets. So that’s been a lot of big part of the success.
Operator: And we’ll move on to our next caller.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Good morning. It’s Steven Fisher from UBS. Curious how you’re thinking about the seasonality, good morning. Curious how you’re thinking about the seasonality of EPS this year typically Q3 would be lower than Q2 due to those European shutdowns and then Q4 picks up again, do you think Q2 was sort of the typical peak of EPS for the year or do you think there’s enough pent-up production and mix benefits and Parts strength that, we could see something even better than this as we get towards the end part of the year?
Preston Feight: Yes, I think that we feel like the business is running really well, the teams have done a great job in the second quarter. We look forward to the third quarter as Harrie talked about, we think Truck, Parts and other margins are going to increase in the third quarter. And you noted the fewer build days in the third quarter in Europe. But all in all, we feel like the business is running quite well and will do so in the third quarter as well.
Steven Fisher: And then looking out to 2023, how are you deciding kind of when to fully open up the order books and how far out are you comfortable with pricing decisions at this point?
Preston Feight: So as you said, and what we what we shared with you, is we have begun to fill our orders for the first quarter of next year. Some of those end up being four-year contracts. We see really strong interest from the customers. And so we’re having good progress in order intake. I’d say that as I think a bit more macroscopically as we shared right fleet ages up 10% or 15%. Truck utilization is very high. Freight tonnage and volumes are very high levels. We think that setup the market for a strong future for truck sales.
Operator: And we’ll move to our next question.
Matt Elkott: Good morning. This is Matt Elkott from Cowen. I think the inventory only grew $10 million sequentially in the quarter, which is way less than the increases of the last few quarters. Is this mainly a result of a lot fewer trucks waiting for parts? And do you think this whole red tag truck issue is largely behind us as the trip footage eases and the supply chain improves?
Preston Feight: Hi Michael, you want to share some thoughts on that?
Michael Barkley: Well, we did experience a reduction in the number of trucks that were offline during the quarter. So we had good sequential improvement in that we also -- the currency weakness also had an impact on reducing our inventories, which, we’ll see how that goes as the year progresses. But there’s that impact as well to think about.
Matt Elkott: And then any supply chain update would be helpful?
Preston Feight: Sure, I’d say, as we mentioned, the supply chain and our team have done a fantastic job really of finding solutions and enabling us to increase our daily build rate through the last quarter. And so while we’re not complete and through the supply chain limitations, we think that that probably actually contributes to a strong truck cycle for a long period of time.
Matt Elkott: Right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Well, we’ll move on to our next question.
Steven Volkmann: Hi. Steve Volkmann from Jefferies.
Preston Feight: Good morning.
Steven Volkmann: Good morning. Good afternoon. So just a couple of quick follow ups, if I may. What was the currency impact on the second quarter maybe on sales?
Harrie Schippers: Yes, the impact on sales was about $270 million negative. And the impact on net income was about $25 million compared to last year for the quarter.
Steven Volkmann: And then maybe similarly, I think, Harrie, you mentioned in your comments that high used truck prices were a benefit for FinCo income, how much was that kind of gain on sale stuff? How much did that contribute?
Harrie Schippers: I don’t have the numbers readily available Steve, but it was a nice benefit to the results of the finance company, both in the first and second quarter. And we expect the used truck market to remain strong and finance company also to perform very, very solid in the third quarter.
Steven Volkmann: I guess where I’m going with that is, at some point, I suppose used truck prices will kind of normalize but at the same time, you guys are doing a lot to improve your used truck marketing and so forth. And I’m just curious, maybe as we think out into ‘23, when and if used truck prices kind of normalize? Would that be a bit of a headwind for you, or do you think you’ll be able to kind of keep this higher level of sales because of the way you’re marketing the used trucks?
Preston Feight: The used truck field facilities that we’ve added Steve will definitely benefit the finance company next years and many years thereafter. It allows us to sell more trucks at retail prices to end customers, which is good for finance company’s profitability.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question.
Dylan Guggenheim: Greg, Good morning, guys. This is Dylan Guggenheim from Morgan Stanley. Just wanted to ask first on R&D, are you guys took that back a bit this quarter, I was just curious if that was more reflective of your ability to actually spend the money in terms of any kind of supply chain issues, if that was a more conscious pullback on your side?
Harrie Schippers: No, it’s not necessarily a pullback on the R&D. If you look at the second quarter, the lower R&D, I would say that the majority of that is, again, due to currency, a weaker euro. Our outlook for the year means that we’re going to be spending R&D at record levels. So we feel very good about the money we’re spending the projects we’re developing and the technologies that will be coming to customers.
Dylan Guggenheim: Got it, thanks, Harrie, then maybe it’s one on the battery electric side. I mean, you guys have been planning to take up production as you’re kind of progressed. I’m just be curious if you can kind of give an update around the supply chain situation on the battery side, and whether or not, procurement of pack sells, et cetera, as kind of improved for the year, or is any kind of color you can give on how that build rates path has progressed?
Harrie Schippers: You bet. I think that where we sit with that, as we have seven truck models in production now around the world that are battery electric and zero emissions, product lines, which is fantastic. We’ve secured supply for the batteries and systems we need, batteries specifically for the coming years. And we continue to work with our partners as we ramp up our production. So we’re seeing that growth quarter-over-quarter. And as we’ve shared a few times, we expect that this year will be in the hundreds of units and then over the coming years that have grown to the thousands of units and we see just a steady progression there as our technology comes to market.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, hi, this is [Indiscernible] from Bank of America. Just two quick questions, on your Investor Day you flagged we should expect order rates to be constrained over the next few months as OEMs are managing production closely. And the old rule-of-thumb is a 250K, is kind of like the replacement level of demand for trucks. And that’s kind of where orders have been if we looked the last 12 months. Do you think orders would get weaker in the next few months before they get stronger? And in that rule-of-thumb, that replacement level demand, do you feel like that added date? Do you think that’s maybe now higher than it was in the past?
Preston Feight: Well, first I think this has been an uncommon couple of years and I think trying to put too much math into order intakes is a difficult thing to get accurate. What I would talk about is that the year sold out there was obviously some pause for everyone in terms of strong order intake, because everyone wanted to see what the market was going to be and what the supply of capabilities were going to be. We’ve now are closer to 2023. And so we’re taking, we’ve open new order books to more fully, and we’re taking orders and demand is strong for that. I would expect to see order intake increase now for the coming time.
Unidentified Analyst: And I recognize that the spot market is not the entire freight market. If there are worries with spot freight rate down on a year-over-year basis because of impact on future trucker profitability on that, how should we view that weakness in spot? Is that not an accurate portrayal of the U.S. Truck market in your view? Do you feel like it’s misleading given the strength you pointed to an other data points, just love to get PACCAR’s view on how we should kind of interpret some of the weakness in the last few months on the spot freight market? Thank you.
Preston Feight: Sure, great question. I think that we probably overemphasize the significance of the spot market, its 10% to 20% of the total market in range. And it’s really the part that deals with the tips of anything. It’s a good leading indicator maybe, but what I would suggest is that spot contracts are quite robust. Spot rates are down from extremely high levels. And normal contracts, truckload contracts and other are doing very well and that rates are actually increase in that area. Combine all those factors the strong freight tonnage and you should expect to see a good Truck market for some time.
Operator: We’ll move on to our next question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, thanks. It’s [Indiscernible] from Wolfe Research. A couple things just want to follow up on. It wasn’t clear to me if you feel like you still need to be limiting orders for ‘23? And then you had a comment that your used truck is still really good and don’t expect any impact on FinCo results? Are you not seeing any sort of pressure in used truck like the overall market is starting to see the last couple of months, you wouldn’t expect to see any sort of sequential drop-off?
Preston Feight: Yes, we didsee that used truck prices came down a little bit in the second quarter compared to the first quarter in North America that is. But used truck prices are still up more than 60% compared to the same quarter of the last year. So that’s what we call a really strong used truck market for us. And did you have a first question?
Nicole DeBlase: Yes, hi, guys, Nicole DeBlase from Deutsche Bank.
Preston Feight: Hi, Nicole.
Nicole DeBlase: Maybe just going back to the question asked earlier on the red tagged inventory it’s a kind of tie things up there. I think last quarter, when we were on this earnings call, you guys said that red tagged trucks were kind of 3,000 range. When we talk about sequential improvement, like to what extent have they improved, like how close are we to getting that number towards zero?
Preston Feight: Good question. And the number will never go to zero because there’s always trucks that are being final delivery, I would say so we’ve never looked for the number to be zero. But what we have seen is an improvement from the low 3,000s into the high 2,000s. And so we see that sequential improvement and we hope that that sequential improvement will continue.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay, got it. That’s helpful. And then we’ve gotten through a lot of the questions here talked a lot about the U.S. and Europe. But I guess what are you seeing with respect to order rates in the rest of world any change in the trend that you had been seeing things kind of pretty strong over the past few quarters?
Preston Feight: Quite sure that if you look at South America team done, there’s been a really great job in South America and specifically in Brazil, we’ve grown market share considerably. We’ve had strong order intake, the trucks are performing very well for the customers. We’ve established ourselves as a premium brand in Brazil, and feels like a great market for us. And in Mexico, we’re doing well also. So Europe, North America, South America, Australia is doing well. We are having a fantastic year there as well.
Operator: Thank you. And we’ll go to our next question.
Jeff Kauffman: Hi, everybody. It’s Jeff Kauffman at Vertical Research Partners. Good afternoon.
Preston Feight: Hello Jeff.
Jeff Kauffman: Quick question on raw materials and raw material costs, pretty inflated in the second quarter is still somewhat inflated, but steel, aluminum, almost any raw material you look at, it’s been coming down pretty sharp over the last four to six weeks. Could you remind us kind of how long it takes raw materials to work through inventory and become part of the P&L? And I guess kind of the cost you running through your P&L, when were those raw materials acquired. And what we’re seeing now in terms of the change in the markets is that something that’s going to be more of an early ‘23 change in cost of goods sold is it probably a little later this year. I just love a little insight on that?
Preston Feight: Well, we don’t really break the model out that way to think about it in terms of sequential timing of that, it obviously depends on which materials and the trucks, you bring up, the comment of which is, we have seen in the last several weeks, some softening and materials prices, but from very, very high levels. And so we continue to include that in our conversations with customers, as we price the trucks. It’s one of the elements that goes into the cost of a truck like labor is and efficiency is and the new truck models are. So it’s there’s many elements that go into the pricing for trucks.
Jeff Kauffman: So I should think about it is the pricing will follow the cost?
Preston Feight: That’s a good general rule. We agree.
Jeff Kauffman: In general. Wonderful. That’s my question. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And we’ll move to our next question.
Tami Zakaria: Hi, thank you so much. This is Tami Zakaria from JPMorgan. Thanks for taking my questions. I have a couple of quick ones. So my first question is, is there any risk to production in the third or fourth quarter given what we’re hearing about a potential gas shortage in Europe? Are you preparing for any disruptions should there be any?
Preston Feight: Well, on that topic, Tami, I would say that those conversations are always ongoing. What we’ve seen in the last five months since the Ukraine conflict started, is that the countries have done a great job of continuing to have supply. PACCAR has done very well in that timeframe. And we think that will continue to do well as we look forward.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. Super helpful. And so, this is my second question is more of a macro questions. I think, Preston you just mentioned, contract freight market is actually increasing. But what we’re hearing from retailers that there’s an inventory overhang and slowing consumer demand. So what do you think is really driving the contract freight market that it’s going up now?
Preston Feight: I think is the most fundamental thing is the economy is very large, and at a very large level, and is probably going to continue to be. So I think that anything that 75% of what gets delivered in this country is done through trucks and ours are the most desirable trucks. So I kind of expect that as car market is strong, as housing as strong, as consumer goods, even if it moderates is at high levels, then there’s a lot of freight that’s going to need to be hauled. And so that creates a strong market dynamic for us.
Operator: We’ll take our next question. Caller your line is open, please check your mute button.
Tim Thein: Sorry, Tim Thein here from Citi. Sorry about the foreign exchange. The first question I had was just with respect from a truck perspective, the margins, and we talked a lot about price versus material costs. But is there a way to quantify what sort of impact you’ve experienced just from the standpoint of from factory efficiency or I guess in this case inefficiencies over the last several quarters from more of a stop/start or and/or a slower than normal build rate? Is there a way to kind of quantify what that drag has been? And then, presumably that becomes a more of a tailwind in ‘23?
Preston Feight: Well, I think, no, there’s not really an easy way to do that or necessary way to do that. I think what we look at is the improvement in margins that we’ve realized year-over-year and sequentially and the continued improvement in margin that we’re forecasting out into the future. And think that that kind of takes the whole macro picture of pricing cost and efficiency into play, and shows you that we see things going in the right direction.
Tim Thein: All right. And then back to the comment on foreign exchange if we just use where the dollar settled at that the start of the quarter, is there a way maybe Michael can help just a ballpark figure? I know there’s multiple cross currency impacts, but just dollar, euro or what we should think about from the standpoint of a second half headwind either top end or bottom line, just if the dollar stayed at current levels?
Michael Barkley: Yes, I mean, I think what happened in Q2 is probably it would be a similar effect that what you’d see in Q3 and Q4, kind of last year’s currency was already dropping in Q3 and Q4 last year. So there’s multiple cross currency there, but directionally, it would be similar probably to Q2.
Operator: We’ll take our next question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is [Indiscernible] with the Bank of Montreal. And maybe you’ve touched on this already, but you’ve done an excellent job of controlling, I guess, equipment related SG&A dollars, particularly in light of the strong sales. So I guess what has been driving your success here?
Preston Feight: Well, I have to give all the credit in the world to the entire team and PACCAR. And we have a focus on excellence and a focus on efficiency and operating well, and they have delivered fantastic performance in that area.
Unidentified Analyst: And then just one more on your outlook, kind of maybe if you can talk about beyond this year or at least give some, at least directionally in terms of capital expenditures I mean do you anticipate those picking up or staying at similar levels or maybe even declining from here, I mean I would assume that you would be continually investing back into the businesses in particular with new technologies and such. But if you can give any color there, that would be helpful?
Preston Feight: Sure. Obviously last year and to the start of this year been introducing new products at the same time, we’re working on some really exciting new technology projects in both the battery electric space, hydrogen fuel cell space, connected vehicle space, and autonomous space. So we see that we have a great future in set of product portfolios that we’re working on, that’ll deliver continued great results for the future.
Operator: Okay, our next question.
Felix Boeschen: Hey, this is Felix Boeschen from Raymond James.
Preston Feight: Hi, Felix.
Felix Boeschen: I just have one question, I guess two parts. But you mentioned earlier in the call that the new model transition in North America is largely complete. I’m curious if you could talk about the uptake on the PACCAR transmission for the medium duty lineup, maybe what percent of builds have them? And then similarly, if you could update us on what percent of your heavy duty builds in North America now carried MX engine that’s really it for me.
Preston Feight: As we think about it, we have been able to grow over the years our proprietary powertrain that continues to grow. Our MX engine performance or percentages in the U.S. is now right around 40%. In the low 40% is what we’d expect to see through the year. And the transmission that we introduced in the medium duty, the automated PACCAR transmission has done a great job. I don’t have the numbers in front of me in terms of percentages, but it is definitely growing.
Operator: We’ll move on to our next caller.
David Raso: David Raso from Evercore ISI. I was curious with the new models and assume the majority of Europe is new model. What is the margin differential with the new models out in the U.S., Canada versus your European business? Thank you.
Harrie Schippers: Hi, David, we don’t break that out. We think that what we’ve been able to do is transition the DAF, Kenworth and Peterbilt brands to these new models. And we definitely see that as an advantage for our customers. As we said, each truck can save them several thousand dollars per year in operating cost. And then of course, as we’ve mentioned, that’s really good for the company. But we haven’t differentiated those margins.
David Raso: Could you at least answer has the gap changed with the new models?
Harrie Schippers: Well, I mean, I think yes, it has right. We’ve seen improved margin from them because they’re delivering benefit to our customers. And so it’s a win-win situation.
David Raso: The gap between U.S., Canada and Europe has it changed with the new models out?
Harrie Schippers: I think that there’s a several factors that go into that, and one of those market strengths. And we have seen increasingly strength, increasingly strong markets in Europe. So that’s to an advantage. And then the new trucks are definitely performing really well. So I would directionally the margin question of Europe improving? Yes, great margins in Europe.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We’ll take our next question.
Unidentified Analyst: [Indiscernible] from Wolfe again. I don’t know what happened. Can you guys hear me now?
Preston Feight: We sure can.
Unidentified Analyst: So I had one of my follow up was just, it wasn’t clear to me if you guys are still in a place where you need to be limiting orders for ‘23?
Preston Feight: No, I wouldn’t think of us as being limiting orders for 2023. I think that there’s a normal cadence to how fleets buy and how the market goes. So it’s really just the start of that season. And that’s what you’re kind of seeing is an uptick in order intake as we move through the calendar year.
Unidentified Analyst: And then I just want to ask a bigger picture question. So you guys are talking about gross margins of 14.5% to 15%. We haven’t been above 15% since 2016. So as you think about price and costs and units and just your crystal balls, does this third quarter feel like it’s about as good as it gets from a gross margin standpoint or would do you think you could build on that into next year?
Preston Feight: I would say that we’ve had a fantastic team of people working really hard around the business to deliver the great results, as we shared, we think that third quarter looks fantastic as well. And we think that there’s a great business going forward.
Unidentified Analyst: And then if I can just one last just follow up with that. And so the last time you guys were high 14% kind of gross margins. Margins for Truck were right around 11%, next time you get back to a high teens sorry high 14%, 15% gross margin, do you think that the operating margins EBIT margins should be better, worse similar with that 11% that you had last time?
Harrie Schippers: Yes, we will continue to deliver good margins. I think the outlook for the company is excellent. Demand is strong, the new products are doing well. And we’re in a excellent position to deliver this very, very good margin for next quarter and going forward.
Operator: There are no further questions. I’ll turn it back to our presenters for any additional or closing comments.
Michael Barkley: I’d like to thank everyone for joining the call. And thank you operator.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR’s earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-26 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded and if anyone has an objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Preston Feight, Chief Executive Officer; Harry Schippers, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Barkley, Senior Vice Present and Controller. As with prior conference calls, we ask that any members of the media on the line participate in a listen-only mode.  Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. For additional information, please see our SEC filings and the Investor Relations page of paccar.com. I would now like to introduce Preston Feight.
Preston Feight: Good morning. Harry Schippers, Michael Barkley and I will update you on our first quarter results and business highlights. PACCAR achieved excellent revenues and net income in the first quarter. PACCAR sales and financial services revenues increased 11% to $6.470 billion. Net income increased 28% to $601 million. PACCAR Parts first quarter revenues increased by 20% to a record $1.39 billion. Parts, pretax profits were a record $340 million, 35% higher than the same period last year. Truck, Parts and Other gross margins expanded to 13.4% in the first quarter compared to 11.6% in the fourth quarter of last year.  PACCAR Financial had a record quarter, increasing pretax income by 92% to $147 million due to healthy new business volume and strong used truck results. I appreciate PACCAR's outstanding employees, who delivered the excellent financial results and the highest quality trucks and transportation solutions in the industry. Last year, PACCAR introduced a complete, new product lineup of Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF heavy and medium-duty trucks. This was a record number of new product introductions and these investments are generating excellent results for the company.  Our customers are benefiting from the industry-leading fuel efficiency, while drivers love the new digital instrumentation, luxurious interiors, stylish LED headlights and beautiful exterior styling. The new trucks and growth in PACCAR's aftermarket business contributed to the increased gross margins this quarter. We expect gross margins to continue increasing this year as the new trucks become a higher percentage of the build.  Looking at the economy, US GDP is estimated to grow 3.2% and industrial production is projected to expand 4.4% this year, which continues to provide a favorable operating environment for PACCAR and its customers. We estimate the US and Canadian Class 8 market to be in the range of 260,000 to 290,000 trucks. The European and UK economies are also experiencing good economic growth. Economists project UK GDP to increase 4% and European GDP to increase by 3.2%.  The 2022 European truck market is expected to be in a range of 270,000 to 300,000 trucks. We expect truck markets to remain strong. PACCAR's industry-leading new truck lineup, highly efficient factories, best-in-class parts and Financial Services business and the continued development of advanced technologies are creating an exciting future. Harrie Schippers, will now provide an update on PACCAR Parts, PACCAR Financial Services and other business highlights.
Harrie Schippers: Thanks, Preston. PACCAR delivered 43,000 trucks during the first quarter. We're focused on increasing production in our factories, and estimate second quarter deliveries to be in the range of 44,000 to 48,000 trucks. Truck, Parts and Other gross margins increased to 13.4% in the first quarter. With higher production; and a more favorable mix of new model trucks to be delivered, we anticipate second quarter gross margins to increase and be in the range of 13.5% to 14%. Many customers are operating their trucks longer than they normally would, which has increased the fleet age. Truck utilization is very high due to the strong economy and freight activity. As Preston shared, PACCAR Parts had an outstanding first quarter with Parts gross margins growing to a record 30.1%. PACCAR Parts business model, which is based on convenience and technology, contributes to our customers' success. PACCAR is best-in-class at maximizing uptime for customers by having high-quality parts conveniently available when needed. The success of PACCAR Parts is driven by an expanding network of 18 parts distribution centers and 2,200 dealer locations, 250 independent TRP stores as well as technologies like managed dealer inventory and innovative e-commerce systems. PACCAR is continuing its investments by opening a new distribution center in Louisville, Kentucky this quarter. PACCAR Financial Services benefited in the first quarter from strong new loan and lease business, high used truck prices and excellent portfolio quality. Revenues were $366 million in the first quarter. Pre-tax income was a record $147 million, 92% higher than last year. The silver lining to the industry-wide undersupply of semiconductors is continued strong demand for PACCAR pre-owned vehicles. Customers appreciate their superior reliability and durability and a premium. PACCAR Financial has been increasing its retail used trucks sales capacity, and now it's 12 facilities worldwide. These facilities sell used trucks at retail prices, which contributes to higher profits. PACCAR Financial is opening another used truck retail center in Madrid, Spain this year. PACCAR has invested $7.3 billion in new and expense facilities, innovative products and new technologies during the past decade. These investments have created the newest and most impressive lineup of trucks in the industry. Capital expenditures are projected to be $425 million to $475 million and research and development expenses are estimated to be $350 million to $400 million. PACCAR is continuing its investments in clean combustion, zero emissions, autonomy and connected vehicle programs. Thank you. We'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from the line of Tami Zakaria with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Tami Zakaria: Hi everyone. Thanks and congrats on the solid results. A couple of questions from me today. First, can you update us on any red tag units in inventory end of the quarter? And what kind of cost absorption impact it had in 2Q? And if you expect any remnant impact in the second quarter as well?
Preston Feight: Sure thing. Good to talk to you. Well, I'd say on the red tags, we are in roughly the same spot now as we were at the end of the year. So, we have a managed number of offline and our team is doing a really fantastic job of working through a global issue and getting trucks to our customers. As it relates to cost, our price cost was roughly even with each other in the first quarter on a year-over-year basis.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. Thank you. And a second one from me. Do you expect chip availability challenges to creep up this year as certain automotive production restarts, or do you expect gradual improvement throughout the rest of the year?
Preston Feight: I think that as Harrie announced, right, we expect our build to increase. So, we do anticipate some improvement. Having said that, I would tell you that our chips have become less of the issue and more there's general supply challenges in terms of getting all the materials we need into the plants at any given time. And again, our suppliers, our teams, our purchasing teams, the ops teams are all doing a really good job of working through that.
Tami Zakaria: Understood. Thank you so much.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Steven Fisher with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Fisher: Thanks very much. I wonder if I'd just ask you to maybe quantify the numbers on those partly completed trucks. I think you said it's about the same spot as in Q1. Does that mean -- you had about 3,000 left, I think, coming into the quarter. Did those all get shipped and then you kind of came out with 3,000 new ones? How do we think about -- maybe a little more quantification there, if we could?
Preston Feight: Sure. Fair question enough. Easy enough to answer, is -- we did have, like you said, 3,000 at the end of the year. And that number is in the low 3,000s right now, and it is definitely different trucks. So, we get the parts in, we work through them. The teams get them to our customers who really need trucks right now. And then some other issue might come up, and we work on getting that resolved.
Steven Fisher: Okay, fair enough. And then just relative to the parts business, just curious what was better than expected in the quarter and the growth rate was about double what you were looking for? And how much was that pricing versus volume? And if you have any particular expectations for Q2 and the full year on growth rates? Thank you.
Preston Feight: Well, I'll share a couple comments and maybe Harrie has some, too. But I would say that one of the big things in the parts business that's driving growth is an excellent team of people that are doing a really good job of getting our systems connected to our dealers and customers, which is bringing a high degree of stickiness to our business, and we reason great technology to ensure that they -- their first look and last look is at PACCAR for where they get their parts. Another factor is over the years, we've increased the proprietary content of our trucks and engines, which is helping to grow that business, and we think that has sustainable legs to it. And I think the other part is, obviously, there's a lot of freight business out there. So, people are running trucks and trucks that are running consume parts, which is good for us. Harrie, anything you'd add?
Harrie Schippers: Those are the main items. The average age of the trucks is going up. They consume more parts. It also means – there's going to be a strong market for trucks for probably a longer period of time. The strong demand for parts we’ve seen especially in North America, where we have the PACCAR engine successfully growing and contributing to that parts growth.
Steven Fisher: And you could think – we could continue to see kind of upwards of this 10% to 20% growth rate for the rest of the year in parts?
Harrie Schippers: We expect the second quarter part sales and results to be very similar to the first quarter. So – yeah, we'll continue to perform very strongly in the parts sector.
Steven Fisher: Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Tim Thein with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Tim Thein: Great. Excuse me, thank you, and good morning. Just a follow-up. Preston, on the comments earlier on the – the gross margins for the – your expectations for the second quarter. So just as it relates to price cost, so if that was roughly in line in the first quarter as you roll through more and you get more of the 2022 pricing, presumably more of those are starting to flow through the P&L, how should we be thinking about the interplay between price versus the variable costs here in the second quarter?
Preston Feight: Great question, good conversation to have with you. I'd say that, we should expect that we should see some improvement as we continue on, in part just because of what you mentioned. But I'll also make the mention of these fantastic new trucks in Europe and North America, being a contributor to that. So as they grow in percentage of build, that's helpful. So those are the positives to it. And obviously, there's the base issue of making sure we build as many trucks as we can and sometimes that's less efficient than we'd like it to be, but we want to satisfy the customers demand. So that's the balance to it.
Tim Thein: Got it. Okay. And maybe, Preston, if we could – obviously, a very healthy market as you hear commentary from your larger over-the-road customers, at least from the public guys in North America. Maybe they don't obviously represent the entire market. So – and there's been a number of new entrants in North America that have come into the market in the last year or two, and you're facing some rather significant increase in operating costs and the prospect of higher rates. Just maybe what are you hearing as you kind of talk to dealers, again, a bit more in the over-the-road side in North America and Europe? Again, we can all see the headlines and commentary from the large public TL players, but just across the customer base, just kind of what's the tone and sentiment?
Preston Feight: I would – I understand where we're coming from, and I would say that the customers we have are extremely good at operating their businesses are doing a great job. They have a lot of freight to be hauled right now. And they have a lot of requests for our fantastic new trucks. So that's putting – that's creating a market environment or an environment – business environment for us, which should make it strong for a long period of time. As you mentioned, there have been some new entrants, but I think they operate really on the fringe of it. Maybe they're contributors to some of the used truck pricing we see. But I don't think it's really material to the strength of the market.
Tim Thein: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Preston Feight: Okay.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Jamie Cook: Hi. Good morning. Nice quarter. I guess, first, can you just help us understand sort of what percent of build was your new product launches in the first quarter and how we expect that the new trucks as a percent of bill to play out in the second, third and fourth quarter? So I guess that's my first question. And then can you help us understand sort of how far your backlogs out and what your market share is trending within backlog, given what I see some of the success with some of these season trucks, I mean, it looks like you're Europe market share went up as well. So I'm just trying to get a sense for backlog and market share trends as we exit 2022? Thanks.
Preston Feight: Sure thing. As a percent -- first part of your question was as a percentage of the new build...
Jamie Cook: For the first quarter. Yes, and then how we think about the rest of the year?
Preston Feight: Right, right. So the first quarter it was roughly 1/3 of our build in Europe of the new product, and that will increase in the second quarter, maybe we'll get to the halfway point or 50% of our build as we get into the second quarter and then increase from there in the third and fourth. And in North America, the new Peterbilt Model 579, the Kenworth T680 are roughly, again, 1/3 of our build in North America, and those models have transitioned now.  I mean, our new medium duty product, which we build is probably less than 50% yet transition to the new model and it will grow through the year. So that kind of covers that. As far as the backlog look, our backlog is really solid. We're substantially full for the year in Europe and North America. As we adjust build rates, we can create some openings if we can get the parts for that. So, there's some positive area there, but a strong backlog.  All conversations with the customers are that they really need trucks and continue to do so. So the backlog feels solid. And then as far as our market share trends, as you know, like in Europe, in our first quarter, we're at 17% market share in Europe, which is a really strong market share. And for North America, we've grown from 24% to 28% quarter -- for the first quarter of 2021 to the first quarter of 2022, so year-over-year growth. And we'd expect to be in that 30%, 31% range on the full year.
Jamie Cook: Well, okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Steven Volkmann with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question. 
Steven Volkmann: Hi, good morning, everybody. Maybe just a quick follow-on to Jamie's question. Preston, by 2023, should we assume that pretty much all of production is these new products or does it still -- do you still continue to offer the older stuff as well?
Preston Feight: So a fair question. And we'll continue to offer some of the other products as well into 2023, but there's a transition going on there.
Steven Volkmann: Okay. Thanks. And then can you talk a little bit about Europe specifically? I mean it seems like there's a number of raw materials and energy costs and freight and so forth, have all kind of inflected quite a bit higher over the past few weeks in connection with what going on in Eastern Europe. And I assume that's a bit of a headwind for you guys at some point. But how should we think about that? Does it take a while to flow into your cost structure? Do you think you can kind of cover it with pricing on real time? Just how does that dynamic work in Europe specifically?
Preston Feight: And maybe Harry can offer some comments on that?
Harrie Schippers: Steve, our cost situation in Europe has not been so much different from North America. So, we've seen direct material cost increases and price increases, which have been similar. We're not exposed too much as far as we can tell right now to the situation in Ukraine and Russia. So, our parts availability and the ability to produce trucks has been good. I think the economy and customer demand is very similar to what Preston just mentioned. Customers want to have their trucks. They want to have more trucks; they want to have them faster. So really strong market this year. That's also why we increased the range of our outlook for Europe a little bit this time. And we think it will be a strong month, strong market going forward. So very, very similar to what we see in North America.
Stephen Volkmann: Great. Thank you guys.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of David Raso with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
David Raso: Hi, good morning. When I think about 2023 and around the industry currently, the orders are being a bit suppressed. When you open your order book for 2023, and maybe it's a statement for the industry as well, what you're hearing from your customers? Do you expect orders to reaccelerate given their suppressed today? And then I'm curious your view about demand for 2023 if you think they're going to accelerate once those books are open.
Preston Feight: Sure, David. Thanks for the question. We do. We do expect that 2023 should be a good year for several reasons really. We expect that our new trucks, as I said, will be a growing percentage of the build. Those trucks, the fuel economy they provide is compelling for people to want to get the new trucks into their fleet, which is going to be really good for their operating costs. So we expect that will drive demand. And so as 2023 gets closer to us and we start taking substantial number of more orders, we'll see that to be a -- we predict that will be good order intake.
David Raso: So no dampening in your review of 2023 with any of the macro developments since last quarter. Is that a fair general assumption to…?
Preston Feight: There is that view out there, I guess. But as we look at it also, the other view is that the economy is growing, and we expect the GDP growth is positive, that freight volumes stay at a high level, that truck age is up 10% to 15%, and then we have fantastic new trucks. All of those for PACCAR are good news in terms of what we expect the future to look like.
David Raso: Thank you. Then on the deliveries for 2Q versus 1Q, midpoint up about 7%. Can you take us through the geographies with a little bit of help on each one sequentially, US, Canada, Europe and other? Thank you.
Preston Feight: I think I'll offer a couple of comments. Harry can add anything he wants to, anyone else. But I would say that we do expect volumes to grow in each of the regions in the second quarter and contribution to that 44,000 to 48,000 units. And then specifically inside of that, it's harder to tell because the supply base issues can be unique month-by-month.
Harrie Schippers: Europe typically has fewer working days in the second quarter, a little bit more national holidays in different countries at different moments in time. So that would be an offset maybe a little bit, but we've also seen that the material availability in Europe is good with increasing production there. So overall, I would think that all regions would make a contribution to the higher production in the second quarter.
David Raso: All right. Thank you very much.
Harrie Schippers: You bet.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of John Joyner with BMO. Please proceed with your question.
John Joyner: Hey, thank you for taking my questions. So I guess, first -- and you gave some color in your release, but is there anything else that you can offer on the performance of the Financial Services business? I mean, if I go back, say, 35 years, which is for back as the model goes, the profitability has never been this impressive. So if you can add anything else to that? And do you anticipate this continuing for the rest of the year?
Harrie Schippers: The finance company results were excellent in the first quarter. I think the team has done an amazing job creating a strong book of business, with strong A and B credits. Past dues are less than 0.5%, so customers are paying their bills on time. Like we said in the press release, used truck business continues to be very strong. I think a big difference maybe compared 20 or 30 years ago is the retail used truck centers that the finance company has established. We have 12 of those now that allows us to sell a bigger portion of our used trucks directly to end customers, and that helps profitability. So we expect the finance company to do well for the remainder of this year, although, the supply of used trucks could be a little less in the second and the third quarter, because customers hold on to their trucks, because they're waiting for new trucks. And again, underlines how strong the demand for the new trucks is going to be.
John Joyner: Okay. Okay. That's great. And then maybe just following up on that, the -- when you mentioned the used truck centers, I mean, I guess, how much is left to go there with building those out? And then I guess the same question on the parts business in terms of geographic -- how much geographic build-out remains for that business, both TRP stores as well as the distribution centers?
Harrie Schippers: So on the used truck centers, we've added a couple of used truck centers and I think per year in the last couple of years, made some updates, adding another one this year. There's definitely opportunity to add a few more. I would say that, it's still a minority of the trucks we sell through the used truck centers. So there's still room of opportunity to grow in that area. And on the parts, Preston?
Preston Feight: Yes, I think on the parts side of it, if you think about that, I'd say that the parts team is doing -- has the opportunity of continued growth. We've built out distribution centers. We'll continue to do that. That puts distribution centers closer to our dealers, closer to our customers, which gets an increased percentage of same-day delivery. But equally important, if not more so, is the kinds of systems we're implementing and the capability to connect with the customers directly and make sure that their trucks are operating the way they want them to and get them trucks and parts that they need every single day. So we use data analytics. We have connected systems with our dealers, and we think that has a great sustained future.
John Joyner: Okay. Excellent. Thank you so much.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes. Thanks guys. Good morning.
Preston Feight: Good morning.
Nicole DeBlase: Or good afternoon, whatever it is.
Preston Feight: Yes.
Nicole DeBlase: I guess, a lot’s been covered here, but can we talk a little bit about inventory? I think if you look at the ACT data, just truck inventory at the dealers has begun to tick up a bit. What is PACCAR seeing with respect to inventory in the channel?
Preston Feight: Yes. I mean, inventory is still at pretty low levels. If you look at, it was like 2.3 months of retail sales in March compared to 1.9 a year ago. And for PACCAR, we're less than that slightly. So there's still not a lot of inventory sitting out there, and it's really just about the ability to get the trucks from production into the customers' hands as quickly as we can.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay, understood. Thanks. And just a follow-up on the discussion around supply chain. So, I guess, like -- I know you guys are embedding a little bit of an improvement as the year goes on. What did you see in the first quarter? I mean, there's a lot of noise with respect to geopolitical risk. Like, did supply chain get more challenging, or is it kind of more of the same that you've been seeing for the past several quarters?
Preston Feight: I think that what we've seen is that, maybe we've gotten through some of the earliest semiconductor issues, and those have not become the most dominant side of it. So other little issues come up now. They could be labor related. They could be geopolitically related. They could be shipping related. And so, some of them are temporary. And I think that what's going on now is, we have really strong communication between us and our supply base. And so our ability to manage that is maybe improving. And we hope, overall, the situation is improving, which is leading us to see that we think we can deliver some more trucks in the second quarter and on out.
Nicole DeBlase: Got it. Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Preston Feight: All right.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Robert Wertheimer with Melius Research. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Wertheimer: Good morning everybody.
Preston Feight: Good morning Rob.
Robert Wertheimer: Harrie, I'm sorry -- the results were great. I'm sorry to ask a couple of accounting questions in the midst of that. But I noted you switched from LIFO to FIFO for US inventory accounting. When I read that I assumed that was just to be more comparable European/global peers. I wonder if you had any other thought process around that. And I wonder will it have any material sort of cash tax impact?
Michael Barkley: Its Michael. That's one of the reasons why we switched to become more comparable with the European peers who use IFRS and don't have LIFO. We also wanted to have better matching of our revenues and costs as inflation creeps up, you end up accelerating cost realization when you honor LIFO, which we don't think provides very good matching. For years, LIFO has been fairly benign and not much of an impact. And with the inflation creeping up the way that it is, it's become more of a thing and distorts the numbers unnecessarily. So, better comparability, better revenue recognition, we thought it was the right thing to do at this time.
Robert Wertheimer: And is there any cash tax impact that we should care about? And then I have one more question from me.
Michael Barkley: Yes, we're going to -- our LIFO reserve is about $200 million, we're going to end up paying about $50 million in taxes, which is -- we're happy to do.
Robert Wertheimer: Okay, perfect. And then on the final subs to your questions and answers earlier, I'm not quite sure if it works this way, but as trucks come off lease, I mean, do you make more of a profit just because you own them and you sell them into a strong market, or was that a material at this quarter or for the year? I will stop there. Thank you.
Harrie Schippers: Yes. Of course, the trucks that come off lease that our trucks, that's a good business for us right now. Those trucks come back in a very favorable market for used trucks, and that's definitely a good thing for the finance company.
Robert Wertheimer: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Jerry Revich: Yes, good morning everyone. I wonder if you could just talk about the supply base for you folks in Europe. A couple of your competitors had down days because of supply base issues from Eastern Europe in the quarter and doesn't look like you folks had any issues. Is that a function of you folks using multiple suppliers or a different supply base? Can you just talk about how nimble you folks had to be in the quarter in flexing, if at all, given the geopolitical issues? Thanks.
Preston Feight: Well, we've noted the same thing with them, we just haven’t been affected that way. We've had good supplier. Ability to provide us the parts we need in Europe and we've looked out into the future and tried to forecast where that might be, and we'll have to watch and see how it is. But right now, there's nothing showing us that we aren't going to get the parts. And we continue to work closely with all the suppliers that have facilities in Eastern Europe to make sure that we're on top of it.
Harrie Schippers: Yes, we're one of the few truck manufacturers that doesn't have a factory in Russia. And so our exposure to Russia and the Ukraine has been a lot less than what you may have seen somewhere else.
Jerry Revich: And Harrie earlier you mentioned the strength of the business in Europe, I'm wondering if you could just expand on that. Did bookings exceed shipments in the quarter? Can you comment on that?
Harrie Schippers: Yeah. Order bookings, I think it's, again, the same approach in North America, as we've seen in Europe. The amount is very, very strong, and we manage order bookings a little bit with lead times. And we see there are some inflation and cost increases, and we want to manage that just very carefully. So I think in today's environment, we could easily get more order bookings than we need but it's a function of, well, filling the backlog with strong business and not getting exposed out to 2023, where we don't know exactly what costs are going to be.
Preston Feight: And I would add that it really -- it's hard to appreciate how phenomenal the new dock truck is. I mean, it's the only drug that meets all the new masses and dimensions regulations. It's providing a 10% better fuel efficiency, so several thousand dollars a year per truck in operating cost advantage. It's a truck that meets the upcoming new direct vision requirements in Europe. It's really a game changing product, and it's got a lot more proprietary content on it and the drivers love it. So there's a lot of reasons that we see strong demand for that for our European market right now.
Jerry Revich: Okay, super. And lastly, I'm wondering if you can just comment about the evolution of demand for your electric vehicles. How has that evolved over the past quarter or two? And where are you folks expecting to ship them geographically? Is it still predominantly in Europe where you're seeing demand?
Preston Feight: Sure. We are seeing increasing order intake for those vehicles. I think we talked even a year ago when we said we start in the tens and grow to the hundreds and then get to the thousands. And this year already, we expect that we'll deliver in the hundreds of vehicles, and take lots more orders than that for the vehicles. And we're having customers putting them into service and seeing how they work out for them, five or 10 at a time, typically, and then enjoying the benefits of what PACCAR quality looks like in a zero emissions vehicle. So we kind of see that as a growing opportunity, and we continue to refine our technology on those vehicles, feel like we want to stay at the leading edge of technology, and it's nice to be actually delivering zero-emissions vehicles to our customers.
Jerry Revich: Okay. Appreciate the discussion. Thanks.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Chad Dillard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Chad Dillard: Hi, good morning guys.
Preston Feight: Good morning.
Chad Dillard: How much room do you have to raise price on parts? And can you just talk a little bit more about just your philosophy on pricing? I mean, are you guys -- can you potentially raise price to cover, let's say, like airfreight, for example? And then maybe you can break down the outperformance of over parts business. I mean, how much is coming from just better growth on the agent side versus rest of truck. And then lastly, Harry, if you could just clarify your comment about parts demand being similar in 2Q versus 1Q? Are you talking about dollar-wise or percent growth year-on-year?
Preston Feight: Well, I mean, obviously, it's a competitive market out there. We've done a team has done a really good job of increasing the prices as costs have gone up, and we've had some good realization over the few quarters here, largely is driven by the need for these parts and the fact that we are connected with the customer numbers more and more, right? Trucks are getting complicated. We have sophisticated customers and the interaction between PACCAR, our dealers and our customers is a real contributor to growth, as well as more proprietary content like engines like our PACCAR transmissions, PACCAR axles. All of this is just helping us flow through a connected position to our customers. So that will continue, and that's great for the future.
Chad Dillard: And can you just clarify the parts guidance commentary, you're talking about dollar-wise versus percent-wise growth? And then just a separate question, just on just how you guys are thinking about how much pent-up demand there is in the industry today?
Harrie Schippers: To go back to the parts comment, the parts comment was on revenues. We expect parts revenue in the second quarter to be similar to parts revenue in the first quarter. Parts pricing has been strong. To go back to the first quarter, first quarter pricing was slightly over 10% up compared to the first quarter of 2021. So that just shows you that -- it's an environment where cost increases are translated into price increases as well. And the second question you had was?
Chad Dillard: Just how to think about just how much pent-up demand there is either in the industry or if you can talk about PACCAR more specifically?
Preston Feight: Sure. I'll take that one and just kind of think of it this way, we've just come through a couple of years where we've not been able to build the number of trucks we need as an industry. We've had really strong freight volumes. People are running their trucks out there, putting miles on them. They have an operating model, which says they either want their fleet age to be two years or three years or whatever it is. And they've exceeded that by 10% or 15%. And they're probably not going to adjust that business model, which is successful for them. So they're going to want to draw down that age of fleet as they can, and that's going to take some time. As the supply base remains constrained, we expect to see these improvements in our deliveries, but they're not going to be just for a quarter. We expect to see this to be a good period of time for PACCAR in the industry.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Ross Gilardi with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question. 
Ross Gilardi: Good morning. I'm not sure if you guys replied to this a similar question earlier. But what do you make of the erosion in spot rates? And clearly, PACCAR is very positive. But why isn't that an indication that excess capacity is creeping into the freight markets and the demand is ultimately softening? And why would those reaccelerate in 2023 as spot rates are falling? Thanks. 
Preston Feight: Yes. Sure, Ross. I mean, I think that it's a fair question. If you think of spot rates, they're really the fringe of the business. They're not the foundation of the business. And so, I think people may want to use them as a leading indicator, but they shouldn't think of them as systemically covering what freight is doing out there. And so, since there is strong business out there, even if spot rates decline a little bit, they're still present and the fixed contracts are still really strong. So as long as that continues, it bodes well for the market.
Ross Gilardi: Okay. Got it. Thanks Preston. And then I haven't asked you a consolidation question in a while. And clearly, PACCAR has gone on it organically, very successfully for a very, very long time. But – just was curious on your general view. I mean, do you see a heightened need for increased consolidation in the commercial vehicle space in light of all the inflationary pressures, just need for perhaps greater localization supply chain for just greater overall scale? And do you think regulators would allow a combination of any of the top 6 or 7 -- I mean some of the European names have really been bruised and battered in the aftermath of Russia and so forth, could PACCAR potentially play a role as an industry consolidator in the next couple of years?
Preston Feight: Well, it's funny that you haven't asked that question a while. I would simply say, the way we look at it is the business is doing fantastic. PACCAR continues to grow. We expect to keep growing, and we always are looking around the world for the best things for our shareholders. And I think that's as much as we can say right now.
Ross Gilardi: Thanks a lot.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jeff Kauffman with Vertical Research. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff Kauffman: Thank you, very much and congratulations. Just a quick question on timing and then another one on numbers. You reiterated the R&D range for the year, but R&D came in, I think, a lot lower than that trend this quarter. I’m assuming that's just a timing issue, but could you talk a little bit about that?
Preston Feight: Sure. I think you nailed it. It's a timing issue in the year. So we still hold that $350 million to $400 million in the full year with $78 million in the in the first quarter. So it's a run rate for new technologies, some pretty fun projects that we have that we're spinning up that will help us in the future.
Jeff Kauffman: Okay. So just for modeling, should we think of that more as a back half a year impact as we catch up?
Harrie Schippers: Pretty gradual increase during the year, I would model.
Jeff Kauffman: Okay. Thank you. And then a lot of detail on new unit sales, but I know you've had a couple of questions about this. What do used unit sales look like on a year-on-year basis?
Preston Feight: I mean, as a general sense, you can say that they've declined, right? We had -- about a year ago, we were coming into the strong used truck market. So there was used inventory out there. And obviously now with the strong freight demand, people are holding on to those units, so they're just not coming into the inventory of our dealers or our used truck centers. So it's at a lower level. And that's likely to continue for a while. So as far as a specific number to think of it in terms of months and still think of it as less than two months of inventory out there.
Jeff Kauffman: All right. And that's consistent with the commentary you made about 2Q, 3Q. So any benefit that we're seeing on used vehicle impact to financial services is entirely used vehicle price at this point, correct?
Harrie Schippers: That's probably the biggest variable in-depth profit number, yes.
Jeff Kauffman: Okay. That’s all I have. Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Felix Boeschen with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Felix Boeschen: Hey good morning everybody.
Preston Feight: Good morning.
Felix Boeschen: Preston, I just have one. You mentioned earlier in the call average truck age is up 10% to 15%. Can you clarify that comment a little bit? Is that a North American number, a year-over-year number? And I'm really curious, just big picture versus different cycles, say, going back a couple of years, maybe industrial recession levels. How has the average age of the North American fleet changed over time versus where it is today?
Preston Feight: Yes. I would think of it, if you're saying macroscopic, I would think of it in terms of each year is its own circumstance and that the model can be disrupted by any number of factors. But I don't think that the general expectation of the fleet is changing much. They want to maintain a fleet age at a certain level. And when they get beyond that, then they want to replace it. Obviously, there's slight nuances to cycle timing, but they're their freight volume is strong. And the easiest way for -- as we think about it, as their freight volume is strong and they look at the opportunity of owning the great new Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF Trucks and the fact that those are going to yield thousands of dollars per unit in savings, we see no reason that won't continue. Nuances beyond that seem less significant.
Harrie Schippers: And I would say that's more or less around the globe. We -- every market of us had COVID related shutdowns and underproduction in 2020. We -- every market had chip shortages in 2021. So we underproduced customer demand for almost two years or a big chunk of those two years. And yes, that means there's a lot of pent up demand that we're trying to recover now, but it's probably going to -- it's going to take longer than just this year before we get there.
Felix Boeschen: Right. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line Courtney Yakavonis with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Courtney Yakavonis: Hi. Good morning, guys. So I guess I just wanted to first just get a check on the quarter. Obviously, you guys came in smack in the middle of your delivery guidance, but I think Europe was a little higher than we were expecting. US was – North America was a little bit lower. So just wanted to get how it came in versus your expectation on a geographic level, I think you – you mentioned that you're expecting shipments to increase for all geographies heading into next quarter. And then just more broadly on the industry outlook, it sounds like supply chain issues are getting a little bit better. So very positive about end market demand. So you raised the low end of your there was no adjustment to the top end.
Preston Feight: Sure. As we looked at the segment deliveries, geographic deliveries, I would say that North America, we just saw that we had in the medium-duty market, actually some impact to the supply base there, which kind of constrained North American medium-duty deliveries and that was probably what weighed in the first quarter. And hope we'll see some reconciliation there in the second quarter of that. And I'd say from an industry standpoint, our guidance is just we tightened it up a little bit and we tightened it up to move the midpoint up because the market still feels really strong to us. So in that view is where we saw ourselves sitting.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay. Great. And then you made some comments earlier just about the positive mix improvement as new trucks become a higher percentage of the build. And I think you gave us some color on how that mix should improve through the year. But can you just help us understand what the margin differential is between that new product line in North America and Europe versus last year's? And how big of a gap is it mostly just in pricing, or is the cost structure significantly better?
Harrie Schippers: Yeah, the margin opportunity for the new models is, of course, excellent. The 7% fuel economy improvement we saw for the Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks. That just puts them best-in-class in the industry in terms of fuel efficiency, with the new DAF with a 10% fuel economy improvement. That's class leading in Europe and being able to create so much value for our customers, that's, of course, also going to be a good thing for PACCAR.
Preston Feight: And the only add to what I'd give is if these trucks are not just good for their pocketbook, but their drivers, which is such a key element of their business right now. There's no truck they'd rather be in than the new DAF, the new Peterbilt, the new Kenworth. I was at a truck stop a week ago and at the fuel island talking somebody who had a new PACCAR product and they were just beside themselves with the way this truck looks and drives down think it's important to realize that the drivers have a big play here and PACCAR products are where people want to be.
Courtney Yakavonis: Well, I guess my question was more in relation to your cost structure as opposed to the customers.
Preston Feight: Sure. Understood. And when we make investments and big capital investments, we do it to be more efficient and we strive for that. So yeah, there's some of that in there as well.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Matt Elkott with Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Elkott: Thank you. Good morning. Could you guys update us on your view on a possible 2023 pre-buy and how material it could be? And if you couple that with your view that orders could accelerate, again, are we looking at another solid delivery growth year in North America in 2023?
Preston Feight: Well, I would say -- let me take the back half of your question. So -- yeah, we think 2023 could be a good year. It's pretty far out, but we think it could be a really good year. As far as comments on pre-buy, we think that conversation is overdone. I think that there's a lot of great new products in the market out there. There's not a substantial change going into the general US market in terms of technologies. There will be some improvements in CO2 reductions or fuel economy again, which can cause some people to want to buy earlier some people don't want to wait for those improvements. So, I think that it's really mostly California impact in terms of what might happen in terms of real tech change. So, I wouldn't overweight that in my thoughts of 2023.
Matt Elkott: Okay. That's helpful. And Preston, can you maybe provide some more insight on how manufacturing lead times for Class 8 trucks have changed over the last few quarters? And where they are for orders placed today and could longer lead times be contributing to the moderation in orders?
Preston Feight: Well, what I would think of it as is we have a strong order backlog to substantially full. So if you place an order for a truck today, you might be able to get it in the fourth quarter, but it's starting to slide out and that's why the orders have been limited is because we're not ready to open up fully the 2023 order board because of the uncertainties of what the parts supply is going to be and the cost structure is going to be. And so that's how we look at it.
Matt Elkott: Got it. So the order moderation could be related to 2023 book not being opened yet and not necessarily a function of underlying demand for trucks?
Preston Feight: You're absolutely right that in fact, is what's happening.
Matt Elkott: Thank you very much.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Your final question in queue is a follow-up from David Raso with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
David Raso: Hi. Thank you. Just wanted some clarification on the sequential build in Europe. I mean even if they're just flat, that's up 37% year-over-year. And I'm just trying to understand, it's not necessarily a terribly easy comp that's driving it. Is this that much share gain from the new truck? Is it an understanding that dealers want a little pipeline fill, if available? I'm just trying to understand the magnitude of the growth in Europe we just saw and the implied for 2Q? Thank you.
Preston Feight: Harrie?
Harrie Schippers: No, the demand for the new truck has been excellent. And I would say that also in Europe, DAF is doing an excellent job building as many trucks as we can. So build rates continue to go up. And even with the lower number of working days in the second quarter, we expect that second quarter production would be the same or slightly up.
David Raso: From 1Q? Okay.
Harrie Schippers: From Q1.
David Raso: From Q1, exactly. And year-over-year, that's up 37-plus percent year-over-year. So -- just wanted to clarify that. And lastly, June 1, the upcoming meeting, anything you want to provide for us in this platform to mull over as we think about the main takeaways we should be getting out of that meeting?
Preston Feight: Well, we look forward to seeing you in person. That's going to be fun. And I think it's going to be a little bit more information about how the business is doing, what the future looks like for us and the strength of PACCAR going forward and how that's going to just accelerate. So we look forward to seeing everybody there.
David Raso: All right. I'll be there. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Preston Feight: All right.
Harrie Schippers: Okay. Look forward to see you there.
Operator: There are no other questions in queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Ken Hastings: We'd like to thank everyone for joining the call, and thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-25 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today’s call is being recorded. And if anyone has any objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Preston Feight, Chief Executive Officer; Harrie Schippers, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Barkley, Senior Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls, we ask that any members of the press on the line participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. For additional information, please see our SEC filings and Investor Relations page of paccar.com. I would now like to introduce Preston Feight.
Preston Feight: Hi, good morning. Harrie Schippers, Michael Barkley and I will update you on a very good fourth quarter and full year 2021 results as well as other business highlights. First, I really appreciate our outstanding PACCAR employees. They deliver the highest quality trucks and transportation solutions to our customers and focus on the safety and health of each other. They are truly an impressive team. In 2021, PACCAR achieved annual revenues of $23.5 billion and very good net income of $1.85 billion. PACCAR's financial performance benefited from record results in our Parts and Financial Services divisions. PACCAR achieved 83 consecutive years of net income and has paid a dividend every year since 1941. In 2021, PACCAR occurred dividends of $2.84 a share. PACCAR's fourth quarter revenues were $6.7 billion, and fourth quarter net income increased from the prior year by 26% to $511 million. PACCAR Parts achieved record fourth quarter revenues of $1.3 billion and record pre-tax profits of $306 million, which was a 38% increase compared to the same period last year. PACCAR delivered 47,600 trucks during the fourth quarter, 45% higher than the third quarter. This included delivering 7,000 trucks that were awaiting components. In the first quarter of 2022, deliveries are forecast to be in the range of 41,000 to 45,000, a number that is limited by the global supply of semiconductors. In 2021, US and Canadian Class 8 truck retail sales were 250,000 units. In 2022, the US economy and industrial production are projected to expand by about 4%. The 2022 US and Canadian Class 8 truck market deliveries are forecast to increase to a range of 250,000 to 290,000 vehicles as the global supply chain gradually improves throughout the year. European above 16-tonne truck registrations were 278,000 units in 2021. In 2022, the European economies are projected to continue growing, and we expect the above 16-tonne truck registrations to be in a range of 260,000 to 300,000 trucks. In 2021, the South American above 16-tonne truck industry registrations were 127,000, and in 2022, the South American market is expected to be in the range of 125,000 to 135,000. The growing global economies, robust freight activity and strong customer demand for DAF, Peterbilt and Kenworth trucks has resulted in a substantial order backlog in all markets. Truck and parts gross margins were 11.4% in the fourth quarter, reflecting higher labor and materials costs associated with the completion of off-line trucks and the resulting increased mix of trucks versus parts. We estimate first quarter truck and parts gross margins to increase and be in the range of 13% to 13.5% as we ramp up production of our new products and realize production efficiencies. In 2021, PACCAR introduced exciting, new heavy and medium-duty Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF trucks, which are proving to be very successful in the market. PACCAR also delivered many important technology and innovation milestones such as a strategic partnership to develop and sell autonomous trucks, production of zero-emissions vehicles, and we launched PACCAR's proprietary global connected service offerings. The new DAF lineup launched in 2021 earned the prestigious International Truck of the Year Award and the innovative DAF XF hydrogen internal combustion technology vehicle on the Truck Innovation Award. Kenworth and Peterbilt each - Kenworth and Peterbilt earned five manufacturing leadership awards from the National Association of Manufacturers and DAF Brazil was awarded the Truck Brand of the Year for the fourth time. Last year, PACCAR was again recognized as a global leader in environmental practices by the reporting firm, CDP. PACCAR achieved an Elite A rating, which places the company in the top 200 of over 13,000 reporting companies. In 2021, PACCAR was recognized as a top place for women to work by the women and trucking organization for the fourth consecutive year. The truck market is strong and demand is high for PACCAR's excellent new trucks and transportation solutions. We look forward to 2022 being a very good year. Harrie Schippers will now provide an update on PACCAR Parts, PACCAR Financial Services and other business highlights. Harrie?
Harrie Schippers: Thank you, Preston. In 2021, PACCAR Parts had new quarterly and annual records for revenues and profits. Annual revenues were $4.9 billion, and annual pretax profit increased by 38% to $1.1 billion. This is an outstanding performance by the Global Parts team, and it really highlights the fact that PACCAR Parts is a high-margin growth business. PACCAR Parts has expanded its global network to 18 distribution centers and we'll open another facility in Louisville, Kentucky later this year. We estimate parts sales to grow by over 10% in the first quarter of this year compared to the same quarter last year, as we continue to see strong demand for parts worldwide and especially for our outstanding e-commerce business. PACCAR Financial Services fourth quarter pretax finance income increased to a record $135 million. Annual revenues grew to $1.7 billion in 2021. And annual pretax income increased to $438 million, nearly double the profit earned in 2020. Portfolio assets were $15.4 billion. The portfolio continues to perform well with very low pass juice and low credit losses. PACCAR Financial benefited from strong used truck pricing in 2021. PACCAR Financial increased the sales volume in its retail used truck centers, which has contributed to higher used truck price realization. PACCAR Financial has 12 used truck facilities worldwide, and in 2022, we'll open another used truck center in Madrid, Spain. We expect PACCAR Financials' strong performance to continue this year. In 2021, invested $512 million in capital projects and $324 million in R&D as we launched the largest number of new truck models in our history. In 2022, we're planning capital investments in the range of $425 million to $475 million. And R&D expenses will increase and be in the range of $350 million to $400 million as we accelerate our investments in clean combustion, zero emissions, autonomy and connected vehicle programs. PACCAR's independent, Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF dealers continue to invest in their businesses to provide our customers the highest level of service in the industry. These investments make a significant contribution to PACCAR's long-term success and support the growth of PACCAR Part's and PACCAR Financial Services. PACCAR had an year in 2021 and we're enthusiastic about the future. Thank you. We'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from Chad Dillard with Bernstein.
Chad Dillard: So I was wondering if you could talk about just your gross margins and the quarter which seemed a bit white just given the revenue that you did? And just how should we think about the breakdown between the absorption versus price/cost mix? And then as we kind of think through the evolution from 1Q, like what's the trajectory from here for the year?
Preston Feight: Sure. Happy to do that. So if you think about the fourth quarter, our teams did a fantastic job of identifying the chips they needed through engineering efforts through finding broker parts or partnering with our suppliers to come up with what they need to deliver the offline trucks. And so they did deliver the higher volume of trucks. Those trucks have been absorbed in the third quarter. And so just a huge shout out to everybody that was part of that effort. I would say, looking forward, we see improvement in production steadiness. It's not completely solved, but our team has done a good job of creating a more steady production outlook for us. And so we're getting the production efficiencies associated and hence, we show you 13% to 13.5% in Q1. And then I guess I'd add to that and say that if we see that the market continues to gradually improve, we should see improvement from there.
Chad Dillard: Got it. That's super helpful. And then can you talk about your backlog market share versus retail sales market share? Are you seeing any gains from new product intros or anything like that?
Preston Feight: If I think what's happening with our backlog right now is the new trucks we launched in 2021 are just ramping up and especially in Europe, which was launched in kind of the October time frame and customers in North America for the new medium-duty level, for the new Kenworth and Peterbilt, are just enjoying the benefits of the 7% improvement in fuel economy. In Europe, up to 10% improvement in fuel economy and the fact that the new European truck, the XF, XG, XG+, those are the only trucks in the market that meet the new mass and dimensions regulations. So we have a great advantage there for those trucks, and they're performing really well. That's leading to a strong backlog for us. So we have about six months plus of backlog, and that's kind of measured by what we can build. So as we get more parts and availability, we'll probably be able to take some additional orders and build more, but really strong backlog right now.
Operator: Your next question will come from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook: Just digging in first on - I know you talked about margins for the first quarter and for the year. Axing out benefits from the new products? How do we think about sort of what your assumptions are for price cost for the year, given some of the list increases out there? Do we think we can be neutral? I guess that's my first question.
Preston Feight: Yes, we do. I mean we've gotten a little bit more stability than we had last year. And so I think we expect to have price/cost realization as we go through the year.
Jamie Cook: Okay. That's helpful. And then I guess my second question, just your sort of view on the cycle with the supply chain potentially easing. How are you thinking about sort of 2023 and what it could mean with the 2024 carbon-emission standards? Do you think the production forecasts out there are correct? And how are you thinking about the incremental cost on the truck? Thank you.
Preston Feight: I think the first thing to start with is our customers are doing really well. There's a lot of freight to be hauled out in the market. That doesn't seem like that's a short-term thing. That's a long-term demand thing. So I would expect that to continue, obviously, subject to any interruptions. But if that continues well, then I would expect 2022, 2023, beyond should be good. I mean if you think about 2024, while it's an emissions change, that emission change brings fuel economy, which should be good for our customers as well. So I think we're in the beginning of a good study, strong market.
Operator: Your next question is from Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies.
Stephen Volkmann: I want to ask Jamie's question just slightly differently. I know given the backlogs that you guys have - and everyone across the industry, I guess I might have thought that price cost could be positive this year, given the demand drivers, would you disagree with that? Or is there some other offset?
Preston Feight: No, I completely agree with you. I think the price cost should be positive for the year.
Stephen Volkmann: Got it. Okay. Maybe I misunderstood that answer. And can you also update us maybe a little bit, Preston, you mentioned the big new product or maybe Harry did the big new product rollout that you guys have this year. And I know you guys always sort of target margin expansion when you do these big model changeovers. And so I guess, as you're rolling through that process, any updates on how you're thinking about the impact that, that new model rollout will have on margins?
Harrie Schippers: The new DAF, Steve has been extremely well received in the market by customers, dealers that press everybody, the fuel economy improvement, the right and drive of the vehicle, the performance, the technology. And I think Preston said it, it's the first and only truck in the market right now that makes use of those new masses and dimensions regulations in Europe. So it really puts up in a class of its own. And it's a premium bar. So yes, that's going to be very good for our market share growth, margin, everything. And customers benefit from it most.
Operator: Your next question will come from Tami Zakaria with JPMorgan.
Tami Zakaria: Thanks for taking my questions. I have a couple of quick ones. So the first question I have is, what's your outlook for the parts business after a record year? I know you're guiding to 10% growth in the first quarter. But beyond that, is the current fleet age conducive to the Parts business as you look through the next few quarters?
Preston Feight: That's great question, Tami. I'd say that indeed we said 10% year-over-year and strong in the first quarter like it was in the fourth quarter. And we see that the structure being used out there which as they get used means they consume parts. So that's one thing that bodes well for the year 2022. And I would also point to the fact that our team - our global team has done a great job of launching things like e-commerce and bringing that to our customer which makes it easier to - for them to buy from PACCAR than anyone else. And that contributes to the long-term success and growth of the business. So we expect 2022 to be great parts here.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. Thank you so much. Another quick one. I think you noted about 10,000 red tag - parked trucks end of last quarter. Any updates on that front as you exited the fourth quarter?
Preston Feight: Sure, Tami. We in the fourth quarter were able to deliver about 7,000 offline trucks because of the great work of the teams and so that number has been reduced dramatically. And it's one of the reasons we think that production is getting a little more stable is because we had good supply and good partnership work going on.
Operator: Your next question will come from David Raso with Evercore.
David Raso: You noted in the press release the supply chain improvement, but then on your comments, you're a little more cautious about the supply chain improving. Can you just square up - tell me you didn't raise your unit forecasts at all for 2022 from three months ago. So should we take it as you were able to ship a bit better in the fourth quarter, but there has not been an improvement in supply chain just trying to square that up and then I have a quick follow-up on the backlog? 
Preston Feight: Sure. Let's do that first. If I think about it supply chain has improved compared to what we experienced in 3Q and 4Q is definitely improved, but improved is different than being fully resolved. And so I think we're sitting in between improved and resolved, David just kind of give you some boxes for that. So I would…
David Raso: Okay. So no change the forecast though, but that improvement hasn't been baked into any updating forecasts is out there…
Preston Feight: Look at it, I think that we have a 250,000 to 290,000 unit range at the - tie-side of the range. 290 is a pretty significant improvement above the 250 market in 2021. And I think that as we watch the year progress, we'll get better clarity for how supply base continues. And as it continues to improve we'll make adjustments appropriately.
David Raso: And then on the backlog how it relates to price costs in a full year gross margin comments, how much of the backlog already has the pricing locked in and your cost structure generally locked in on what we control of course? And then how much is still out there, say for the second half of the year on your cost? Where maybe you know you can get some help on some of the cost relief maybe we're seeing in some of the materials. Just trying to think that through what's in the backlog and what's sort of, you know, left open a little bit for later in the year to see how the gross margins play out.
Preston Feight: Yes, I think of it a little bit like there are some of the trucks that have - some of the bigger customers have their backlog price and out there and then some of the stock units and smaller fleets maybe don't. And it kind of depends, right? So it's a mixed bag and every truck order stands on its own. It obviously, the further out you go, get out of a quarter or two, it becomes less of it is certain. And so that gives us more flexibility as we move out a quarter or two, but I think in general, we see this improvement come sequentially through the quarters.
David Raso: Well, just to clarify, I'll hop off. We know from - in the channel, like not all orders have a price yet with it. But it was interesting you commented on flexibility left in price for some orders, but how much of your cost have you locked in yet, meaning steel and things you can kind of look out and maybe lock in a bit for most of the year? Thank you.
Preston Feight: Sure. We do that. Yes, we do that, David. We have long-term contracts with our suppliers in many cases. We hedge in many cases. And so together, that gives us some control over of our cost structure for materials.
Ken Hastings: Operator, do we have a caller?
Operator: Hello. Steven, your line is…
Ken Hastings: Is that Steve Fisher from UBS.
Steve Fisher: Okay. Sorry.
Operator: UBS. Please proceed.
Steve Fisher: Sorry, my line cut out there. So, it sounds like you still have a few thousand red tags. Does your 41,000 to 45,000 delivery number assume you get through all those in the quarter? And then once you do get through those, what’s the underlying or sort of normalized margin once you're just sort of producing and delivering at the same pace?
Preston Feight: We've had a variety of chip supplies have come in and out. And so I'm hesitant to give you an absolute answer on what Q1 will be in terms of number of off-line units that might still remain. We see improvement through the quarter. But it's every day the team is working together with supply base to work through that. So some portion may remain as off-line, but it's decreasing. And then I would say, as far as underlying assumptions, we feel good about the margins looking forward into the year and seeing them grow into our a higher range.
Steve Fisher: Okay. And then there were some big industry cancellations in the fourth quarter. Can you just talk about your experience with cancellations and how scrubbed your backlog is? I'm wondering whether those cancellations were more proactive or sort of reactive.
Preston Feight: Yes. From a customer standpoint, we have not had customers who don't want their trucks. That is not something that we've experienced. I can't speak to anybody else, but I can tell you that all the customers I talk to and the teams are working with see just a strong demand for as many trucks as we can get them.
Operator: Your next question will come from Robert Wertheimer with Melius Research.
Robert Wertheimer: So obviously, delivering trucks that were nonstandard production, just waiting on the components is an expensive thing. I'm pretty sure your 1Q gross margin guide indicates this, but will you kind of already there in 4Q on cost, if you sort of take those trucks out, you're up to a pretty healthy gross margin already? Or is there a bunch you have to do to get the 1Q goal if you see what I mean?
Preston Feight: Yes. I would say that if you think about the cost of the delivery and the things we had to incur in labor and materials for those 4Q units, that was - that's a big portion of the difference. And then obviously, that as we look forward, and we've had a chance to react to last year's cost increases, we've been able to price that in more and more effectively and that’s how you see the trend developing.
Robert Wertheimer: Perfect, all right. That's pretty clear, I guess. And then the other - or one of the other uncertainties overlaying the market is just Omicron and sick outs, and hopefully, it's obviously less severe, but people might be out. So do you have a sense on whether that's disruptive to 1Q at this point and whether it's cresting or not on your own work absences?
Preston Feight: Sure. I can comment to that and say that if I look at the plans around PACCAR facilities, the people are doing such a fantastic job. I mean, probably should park on that for a little bit for just what a tremendous job that people are doing in terms of getting to work and getting the trucks built and delivered. And I've just couldn't be more pleased with people all around PACCAR. So we see that having some limited effects on us in the immediacy right now, but moderating as time passes. And then of course, with this latest two-year period, who knows what three months from now might bring.
Operator: Your next question will come from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: Can we talk about the factory overhead call that you folks have been reporting with, obviously, all of the supply chain goodness going on over the past couple of quarters that's been running in the $70 million to $100 million range per quarter. How did that trend in the fourth quarter and really nice to see that improvement in the first quarter guide. How much of an overhang does the range, let's say, at the midpoint, anticipate from that $70 million to $100 million run rate that we've been at continuing into the first quarter.
Preston Feight: Thanks, Jerry. We'll let Michael answer that one for you.
Michael Barkley: I would just say that our factory overhead costs were increased partly due to get those trucks out that we've been talking about and also due to higher volume. We see them more normalizing as the year progresses into 2022.
Jerry Revich: And Michael, can you comment on the first quarter? Or does that embed something like $30 million, $40 million headwind? Is that ballpark? Or can you just help us with how much of an overhang is baked into that first quarter guide?
Michael Barkley: I can't comment on that specificity.
Jerry Revich: Okay. And separately, I'm wondering if you could talk about, as you folks are getting electric vehicle orders, what’s the add-on that you’re seeing - and I would refer to your dealers next, next you folks have opportunities to participate on the charging infrastructures and other add-ons that obviously you wouldn't get with diesel truck orders, is there a per ticket item that you can talk about or a take rate from any participation you have in contributing to building out the charging infrastructure with the trucks on those initial orders you booked so far over the past year?
Preston Feight: Yes. Its early days, but I think it's an interesting thing to think about in terms of the zero-emissions vehicle programs, battery electric trucks. We've now got - we built over 100 units. We've taken orders for over 100 vehicle chargers, battery electric chargers at this point as well. So that's kind of an add-on incremental business opportunity for us. And then when you get into that, as you match a charger in a vehicle, the opportunity to software for charging optimization and battery energy management of the vehicle is something that PACCAR has expertise in, and that will benefit our customers. So that's an add-on opportunity as well. So as that market begins to develop zero-emission market begins to develop, those should be good opportunities for PACCAR.
Operator: Your next question will come from Ross Gilardi from Bank of America.
Ross Gilardi: Preston, when you think about normalized North American Class 8 truck demand. I mean the number that's commonly thrown out forever is like 250,000 units, although obviously, it's rare that we actually see a year where it's - it's not materially above or below that number. And I'm just curious do you think that figure is still directionally accurate? Or do you think normalized demand for Class 8 vehicles is now much higher than what you would have thought of a few years ago, just due to the continued explosion of e-commerce and just a variety of other factors?
Preston Feight: Ross, I think you paused it out a good question, and I think that, that 250,000 might be a bit dated. It's hard to know what the number is, but the trucking delivered 72% of the business around freight demand, and that's not decreasing, that's increasing. E-commerce contributes to that speed of delivery that people are looking forward to contribute to that. The efficiency of trucks has grown so much, especially our PACCAR trucks where the fuel efficiencies are so much higher. And so, I think that you're on to something there that it could be a little bit higher than that.
Ross Gilardi: Okay. Interesting. And then can you talk a little bit about that the hydrogen ICE vehicle that you've got that you recently received an award on? And what kind of reception is hydrogen internal combustion engine getting from regulators on that engine type is a true zero-emission solution. And how does it - how do you think it stacks up on the vehicle performance versus hydrogen fuel cell vehicle?
Preston Feight: Well, what we're trying to do is PACCAR makes sure that we pay attention to all the different opportunities out there. And then we'll let the market - we like the market to decide which is the right ones. Right now, we have great success with our battery electric vehicles, obviously a leader in the hydrogen fuel cell area. And the team over at DAF led this hydrogen combustion engine development program, which we won the Innovation Truck award for. And so that has nearly zero CO2 output. It's really just some trace CO2 from the lube oil stuff. And I think we want that out there as an opportunity so that we can work with the governments and see what's going to be acceptable and what's going to provide our customers the right benefits. We think it's early days and preselecting the right answer is not necessary. So we'll just continue to leverage our strong partnerships, our technologies and bring the right solutions to our customers.
Operator: Your next question will come from Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank.
Nicole DeBlase: Maybe just a question on Europe. So what are you guys seeing there from an order perspective? I'm just kind of surprised that it looks like you're forecasting deliveries more flattish in 2022, especially since you've talked about improvement in supply chain.
Harrie Schippers: So the order situation in Europe has been very strong and much in line with what Preston just commented on the US and the rest of the world for PACCAR. I think a market between 260,000 and 300,000 again, is a pretty wide range. And it shows that there is still quite some uncertainty with maybe COVID-related stuff, chip situation. But whatever the market does with our new trucks, the new DAF truck models, we're in a very good position to grow market share in wherever the market size will be, so that bode well self-production and DAF volumes.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay. Got it. Understood. And then just a follow-up on dealer inventory. So I suspect that they're probably still very low, but just wanted to get an update there and if you guys see the potential for some restocking to help volumes as we move into the second half of the year.
Preston Feight: I'd say inventories are lower than we'd wish them ideally to be, but that's obviously a result of the supply-based situations, and that does give us a strong confidence that we'll be able to build every truck that we can get the parts for this year, which should create a really good year. So we'll see inventory react as we can build enough trucks.
Operator: Your next question will come from Courtney Yakavonis with Morgan Stanley.
Courtney Yakavonis: Maybe if we can just go back to the question on Europe, and I think that was where you saw the biggest sequential step-up in deliveries this quarter. So, is it the right way to understand that was where most of those red tag trucks were? And how should we be thinking about the remaining couple of thousand? Are those in Europe? Are those in North America? And then, if you could also just comment on the FinCo. I think you had very strong margins this quarter. Harry commented on the higher used pricing. But how should we think about that business going forward? If there's any guide reals you can give us aside from just continued strength?
Preston Feight: Sure. Courtney, how about I start off on the European deliveries and then Harrie can pick up and add anything he wants to and talk about the FinCo. There were three things I would think, weigh into the different sequential in deliveries. And one of them is seasonality. One of them is build rate increases that we've had. And then the other is really probably tied to the off-line reduction that we had. So those three things kind of changed the $10,000 to the 18,000. And Harrie, anything you'd add on that?
Harrie Schippers: I think the off-line truck reduction was proportional. Is similar than the other brands. And the seasonality is a big impact if you compare the third to the fourth quarter. The third quarter has typically the summer shutdown with fewer production days in the third quarter. And those things combined explain the increases together with an increased build rate and that's always nice to see. And for the finance company, yes, great results in the fourth quarter. We've seen the used truck market improved by a lot. PACCAR Financial has expanded its used truck center and sales capability over the years. And this is really a year that starts to pay dividends. And looking into next year, I would say the outlook for the next couple of quarters is really good, and we expect PACCAR Financials’ strong performance to continue.
Operator: Your next question will come from Matt Elkott with Cowen.
Matt Elkott: So as you guys continue to tackle supply chain issues this year, is part of the solution using more engines from your suppliers as opposed to in-house, so you can focus on other parts of the supply chain?
Preston Feight: That's not quite how it really works, Matt. We have - each chip is funny. - each chip kind of goes to a component, and you can't really know how that's going to shake out. They're not the same chips each place. So the teams have done a really good job, say, again, figuring out how to reengineer in different chips to be used in our engines and combines the same as a good partner. And we've also been able to kind of go back and track similar types of chips and find ways to use them. So I think that's independent of the engine, independent of the component really. It's just a great team effort by Ronan PACCAR and our suppliers, and we would expect to see the MX share in North America go up significantly in 2022.
Matt Elkott: Got it. And just one more question on the outlook for the Class 8 build next year. We had the disruptions pushing out some deliveries this year and last year. And then there could be a potential prebuy in 2023. So could 2023 be materially up from this year? Or do you guys not think there will be a meaningful prebuy ahead of 2024?
Preston Feight: I think there's a lot of variables between now and the end of 2023. And I think in general, it feels like the market is going to be really good this year and it seems likely it will be very good next year as well.
Operator: Your next question will come from Jeff Kauffman with Vertical Research.
Jeff Kauffman: Thank you very much. I wanted to ask a question on production rates. When we were down in the third quarter, approximately what was the trucks per day production that you were seeing across the network? And then where are we exiting the fourth quarter? And where do you believe that number could go by the middle of 2022?
Preston Feight: I would ask - I would answer it this, we don't really provide our build rates. So I'd just simply say is that we have seen build rate increases through the fourth quarter into now, and we would anticipate being able to or hoping to take additional build rate increases as we can get the components we need to build the trucks.
Jeff Kauffman: Okay. But is there any metric is about where you are now versus where you were during the peak of the crisis and chips and parts and things like that? Just to get an idea how much production scaled up.
Harrie Schippers: We were 45% higher than the third quarter. So quite a step up. If that answers your question?
Preston Feight: Yes, what Harry is saying. I think right now maybe of a 10% to 20% increase from what we've had in production deliveries and the continuing growth in that area is what it feels like.
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Preston Feight: We'd like to thank everyone for joining the call, and thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-26 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Preston Feight, Chief Executive Officer; Harrie Schippers, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Barkley, Senior Vice President and Controller.  As with prior conference calls, we ask that any members of the media on the line participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. For additional information, please see our SEC filings and the Investor Relations page of paccar.com. I would now like to introduce Preston Feight.
Preston Feight: Good morning. Thank you all for joining the call. Harrie Schippers, Michael Barkley and I will update you on our good third quarter results and business highlights. I appreciate our outstanding employees around the world, who are managing through the supply-based constraints to deliver the highest quality trucks, parts and financial services solutions to our customers. And I'd also like to thank PACCAR's dealers and suppliers for their contributions and support during these dynamic times. PACCAR's good quarterly revenues and net income in the third quarter reflects sales and profit records at PACCAR Parts and PACCAR Financial Services. The economies and freight markets continue to be robust in all of PACCAR's geographic markets. PACCAR is having a tremendous year of new product introductions and demand for the new Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF trucks is excellent. PACCAR's third quarter sales and Financial Services revenues were $5.2 billion, and third quarter net income was $378 million. PACCAR Parts achieved record quarterly revenues of $1.26 billion and record pretax profits of $281 million. PACCAR Financial achieved record pretax income of $120 million. The record-setting Parts and Financial Services results illustrate the strength of PACCAR's businesses. With the strong order backlog, growth in the truck divisions will accelerate as the supply of semiconductors improves. We estimate Class 8 industry retail sales in the U.S. and Canada to be in a range of 230,000 to 250,000 trucks this year. Peterbilt and Kenworth have achieved 29.6% market share through September. Although build is still expected to be limited by semiconductor supply in the fourth quarter, the good news is that we're starting to see improvements in the supply chain. We forecast the 2022 U.S. and Canadian Class 8 truck market to be in the range of 250,000 to 290,000 vehicles. In Europe, this year's truck industry registrations in the above 16-tonne market are estimated to be in a range of 260,000 to 280,000 vehicles. DAF's year-to-date market share is 15.8%. The 2022 market is expected to be in the range of 260,000 to 300,000 trucks. The South American above 16-tonne market is projected to be in the range of 120,000 to 130,000 trucks this year. DAF Brazil's above 16-tonne market share through September was 5.6%. The South American above 16-tonne truck market is estimated to be in a range of 130,000 to 140,000 trucks next year. The new Kenworth T680 and Peterbilt 579 trucks that began production in the third quarter are being well received by our customers. These trucks feature new styling, configurable digital instrumentation, advanced aerodynamics, distinctive LED forward lighting and they provide up to 7% greater fuel efficiency. The new Kenworth and Peterbilt medium-duty trucks that also began production in the third quarter, provide features that customers appreciate such as a wider cab with 3-person seating, lower cap heights for easier entry and new digital instrumentation. The exciting new DAF XF, XG and XG+ lineup feature luxurious interiors and beautiful exteriors that provide 10% greater fuel efficiency. The new DAF offers unsurpassed performance and value. DAF is the first truck manufacturer in the industry to have taken full advantage of Europe's new regulations governing truck design. And the new DAF trucks began production earlier this month. All of these new trucks position PACCAR very well for the future. PACCAR leads the industry with 7 battery electric vehicle models now available. Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF have orders for several hundred zero-emissions vehicles and have 90 trucks operating with customers. These include Kenworth T680 fuel cell trucks, Peterbilt battery electric model 579s and DAF medium-duty battery electric trucks. PACCAR has advanced its autonomous truck program by working with its partners, Aurora and FedEx, to launch a commercial pilot of autonomous vehicles into linehaul operations. The PACCAR trucks are operating autonomously with a backup driver for safety as they haul freight on 500-mile route between Dallas and Houston. PACCAR has launched an advanced global connected truck platform. Customers will benefit from the systems enhanced truck data security, advanced over-the-air software updates, elimination of the need for third-party hardware modules and an open platform that supports existing fleet management systems. PACCAR's new proprietary connect system increases customer value, increases PACCAR's recurring revenue and as part of PACCAR's digital transformation. We're pleased to share that PACCAR was recently recognized as a 2021 top company for women to work for in transportation by the Women in Trucking Association. We were honored for our excellent working environment and company culture that supports gender diversity. PACCAR is committed to hiring and promoting the most talented people in the world, and we know that the best people represent the diversity present in the global community. PACCAR continues to be an environmental leader. PACCAR is working with the science-based targets initiative and is committed to 2030 carbon reduction goals. PACCAR earned a CDP Climate Change score of A minus, placing PACCAR in the top 15% of over 9,500 companies that publish reports to the CDP. 100% of PACCAR's manufacturing locations globally have environmental management programs certified under ISO 14001. Harrie Schippers will now provide an update on PACCAR Parts, PACCAR Financial Services and other business highlights. Thank you. Harrie, over to you.
Harrie Schippers: Thanks, Preston. Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF delivered 32,800 trucks in the third quarter, with truck, Parts and other gross margins of 11.8%. Third quarter volumes and margins reflect manufacturing inefficiencies associated with limited microchip supplies. Depending on the supply of materials, fourth quarter PACCAR global truck deliveries should increase into the low 40,000s with gross margins improving to approximately 12.5%. Customer demand is strong and DAF, Kenworth and Peterbilt are well positioned for sales growth and margin expansion as the new truck models are now in production, and when semiconductor vendor supply issues are resolved. PACCAR Parts had another outstanding quarter, achieving record revenues of $1.26 billion up 24% compared to the third quarter of last year. Parts pretax profits were a record $281 million, up 34% from last year. PACCAR Parts benefited from strong freight demand and truck utilization, world-class supply chain management and logistics, and increased distribution capacity. In the first 9 months of this year, overall part sales increased 28% with e-commerce parts sales increasing 37%. PACCAR continues to invest in its Parts business, and is building a new distribution center in Louisville, Kentucky that will open next year. We currently expect fourth quarter part sales to be similar to the strong third quarter. PACCAR Financial Services earned record pretax income of $120 million, reflecting strong portfolio performance, a robust used truck demand. We expect fourth quarter PACCAR Financial results to be in line with the excellent third quarter. PACCAR Financial is increasing its retail used truck center capacity worldwide, which enhances used truck margins. The latest PACCAR Financial used truck facility is under construction in Madrid, Spain. Kenworth and Peterbilt truck resale values deliver a 10% to 20% premium over competitive strikes. PACCAR has invested $7.3 billion in new vehicle programs, enhanced facilities and new technologies during the past decade. This includes the investment of $1 billion for the new DAF truck range and its expanded factories. Capital expenditures for 2021 are projected to be $525 million to $550 million. Next year, we plan to invest $425 million to $475 million in capital projects as we've just completed the launch of our exciting new truck platforms. Research and development expenses are estimated to be $320 million to $330 million this year, an increase to $350 million to $400 million next year. Next year's increased R&D spending will support our clean diesel, zero- emissions, autonomous and connected truck programs. These programs, along with the strong performance of Parts and Financial Services, will ensure PACCAR's ongoing success. Thank you. We'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question will come from Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies.
Stephen Volkmann: I'm hoping to talk a little bit about just the kind of impact of the quarter. I guess the preannouncement that you put out a few weeks ago talked about 7,000 trucks that you were unable to ship. I assume that means those trucks are largely completed and awaiting whatever part would allow you to ship them. Is that correct?
Preston Feight : That's partially correct is what I'd say, Stephen. The way I'd look at it is, through the course of the third quarter, supplier constraints remained, that caused us to have 7,000 fewer deliveries from us. That was a combination of build rate adjustments as well as trucks that are almost complete, as you referenced them. So that's what put us in that position. So right now, with the 32,800 trucks in the third quarter, there's about 10,000 trucks offline. And that's how you match that up.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay. And then I assume as we go forward, and ultimately, you will ship those trucks when the parts are available, in whatever quarter that happens, then you'll have much better absorption, in fact, better than normal absorption, I guess, and your margin should be kind of higher than normal. Am I thinking about that right?
Preston Feight: I think about it this way, is that what we think is with the trucks that are offline, those are just missing a component or 2 or 3. And so as those trucks deliver, that's going to be good for us in terms of getting the truck to the customer. That's the most important thing and that’s where our focus really was in the third quarter is to get as many trucks prepared as we could. So we'll see that improve market share positions, et cetera, around the world. We also think that as we get additional supply of semiconductors, then that will allow us to go up in build rate. And we think those things will happen concurrent with one another, so…
Stephen Volkmann: But there's not a big absorption impact 1 way or the other from building but not shipping?
Harrie Schippers: No, as Preston mentioned, Steve, those trucks were largely completed in prior quarters. So that's why we incurred overhead and labor and the absorption as well. So once those trucks get delivered, we'll record the margin on the truck, but not the absorption anymore.
Stephen Volkmann: Understood. Okay. And then the final one, I'll pass it on. Just was -- given all of your product launches here, heavy-duty, medium-duty, DAF, does that sort of imply there was more than normal start-up costs associated with these launches in the quarter?
Preston Feight : It does. Yes. In the course of the third quarter, there was more than normal start-up and that's a percentage of what was going on as well. And I think that what we're seeing now is those new 579, new T680 and medium-duty products starting to see them on the road. And we're hearing a lot of positive feedback from our customers. So the team did a great job on those. The new DAF just went into production. And it's just fantastic.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Ann Duignan: Maybe just a few. As we think about gross margins going into 2022 on the back of kind of Steve's question, I totally appreciate that you've built the trucks that are offline. You got the absorption already, so you don't get the margin when you record the sales. But as you roll into 2022, and you look at the potential for gross margins, could you talk about some of the pluses and minuses that we should contemplate when we're looking at our model pricing in the backlog, inefficiencies you incurred this quarter because of startup and our components? If you could quantify any of those, that will be helpful so that we can think more carefully about our gross margin assumptions for 2022?
Preston Feight : Absolutely. So as we think about the fourth quarter, what I mentioned in the commentary is that we've started to see some good news, working with the supply base. Our teams here in purchasing materials operations have done just a fantastic job working suppliers, suppliers working with us. partnerships, we've now started to come up with the either reengineered solutions or alternate chips or brokered chips that allows us to start to recover some of the trucks in the fourth quarter. And we think that, that will continue, it's likely to continue. And then as we get into 2022, as we have steady production, which is what we'd anticipate, albeit at probably some still constrained level that will allow our margins to improve kind of to more normal high margins.
Ann Duignan: Can you talk about pricing specifically for new models? Can you talk about material inflation versus some of the supply chain constraints you've had? And then are you anticipating outproducing retail sales next year as you rebuild dealer inventories? Maybe you could just remind us what your dealer inventories were at the end of the quarter.
Preston Feight : Sure, Ann. First of all, we had price realization of 4% in the third quarter. And so that has matched up with the materials. We think into 2022, we should have continued price realization for these great new products. I mean, if you just think about the kind of product performance they're delivering for our customers, and we're seeing that. So that's good news for us. And then as you mentioned, our inventory is about 1.4 months compared to the industry of 1.9 or 2 months, which allows us to also think that we'll build more. And really 2022 as we look at it, will be probably constrained only by supply of components, certainly true for the first half.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of David Raso with Evercore.
David Raso: To continue the conversation on pricing. When you just said, continued price realization, should we expect that to mean running above the 4% that you got in the third quarter and maybe try to think through how used prices, the strength there is influencing how you're thinking about pricing for '22?
Harrie Schippers: Yes. As Preston mentioned, we've increased prices on average 4% in the third quarter, David. If we look into the fourth quarter next year, that is obviously going to continue. We're going to recover material cost increases and price for those and hopefully a little bit more in a strong market that we're in today.
David Raso: And then when it comes to the supply chain improvement, is there anything that you're seeing that suggests -- it looks like the fourth quarter, there is some modest improvement. The deliveries step up significantly because the -- you have a lot of trucks that are just waiting for a few parts. But is there anything you're seeing about 1Q or 2Q where you can give us some sense of magnitude of the improvement in the supply chain? I'm not necessarily saying there's a hockey stick out there, but just a better sense if you can expand upon a little bit that comment about seeing an improving supply chain.
Preston Feight : Yes. I think as we look at it, it's really been just recently that we've seen a stabilization in the supply base, the semiconductors from the work the teams are doing. And so that's the good news that we see. And in this work with our second, third, fourth tier suppliers, and we have good supply base, and they're all communicating really well with us right now, that we would expect that there'll be gradual rather than a hockey stick as you mentioned. How far that goes and where that bounds out at, we don't know that. We'll have to see how that looks in the course of the year, which actually could be play into a good market for next year and in a good market in the year after that. So that's the positives there. And then just to add on to what Harrie was talking about in price realization. One of the things that we do see with the new DAF trucks, we have over 10,000 orders for the new DAFs in Europe. And as we mentioned briefly, it's the only truck in Europe that meets the new regulations for truck design, the only truck and customers are amazingly excited about it, and it's going to make a big difference for us. So that's a positive.
David Raso: That's helpful. So just to wrap up on the sequential. And it feels like these low 40,000 deliveries in 4Q, even though you do have a lot of trucks partially built that enables maybe a quicker delivery than having to build from scratch, can we take the supply chain comments as base case builds increase sequentially from this fourth quarter level just as we think through the beginning of next year?
Preston Feight : See, that's our hope right now. And so what we hope to have happened. Harrie?
Harrie Schippers: Yes, a little bit will depend on the supply base, David. I think our teams have done an amazing job in redesigning modules, components to work with alternative chips and other solutions that although the semiconductor situation is still constrained. And we found some alternative solutions to keep production going with good solutions. And I think that supports our optimism a little bit.
David Raso: I appreciate that. Just because if you do that, and you run the rest of the year out that way, it looks like your deliveries are running ahead of the initial ‘22 industry guidances. And I guess that goes back to your comment, it looks like you'll build more than the industry sales next year. I'm just kind of trying to square that circle a little bit. Is that the right way to think about it?
Preston Feight : I think that's probably true. That's really 1 of the things we focused on in the course of the quarter or 2 as there's a tremendous amount of customer demand for the Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF trucks out there. And so our focus has been around getting as many prepared for delivery as we can, building and just shy of component to satisfy that market demand for these great trucks.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Steven Fisher with UBS.
Steven Fisher: It seems like you would be delivering some of your backlog that you have today, you've taken orders on 2021 models, delivering them into 2022. So I'm just curious when will your delivery switch over from '21 model years to '22 model years? And what impact will that have on pricing and margins?
Preston Feight : Well, as you know, every time there's a model year, there's an increase in how that works, and that will happen in the first part of 2022 and just the normal cadence.
Harrie Schippers: The change in model year is relevant that it changed from the old to the new model. So the new DAF, the new T680, the new 579, the new medium duty those have a much bigger impact than the model year change this year.
Steven Fisher: Okay. That's helpful. And then just a bigger picture technology question. You've talked about the ramp on the EV market over the next few years. What's your expectation on industry and PACCAR ramp on autonomous vehicles by 2025 and with this relationship with Aurora?
Preston Feight : Well, we're in this test right now with FedEx and Aurora calling freight. It's the first time we've been participating in an actual freight-hauling exercise. We've got lots of trucks running around, different autonomous start-ups and that's going well. But it's pretty early days. And I think that making a prediction for how quick that market is going to develop is going to depend on how robust the technology becomes, and that's what we're learning about right now. So I think we should be just patient to see how quickly it develops and when it's really ready to scale.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Joel Tiss from BMO.
Joel Tiss: I just wondered, I'm following up on the end of Steven's question. What kind of barriers do you think are out there for more like the insurance side or is it from the DOT or is it just having enough models out there, like just some of the things you guys have led?
Preston Feight : Joel, we had a really hard time hearing you there. I didn't come through very clear. Could you try the question again?
Preston Feight : Yes. Sorry, we just moved to a new office. Anyway, what the -- what you're seeing is sort of like the roadblocks to expand that technology adopt by 2025? Is it DOT or through miles?
Preston Feight : I think I got the gist of your question is the roadblocks for implementation 2025 on autonomy. And I would say that the technology is incredibly involved. And so if you think about the edge cases that exist, that's what's being sorted out right now. Most of the operation can be done running down the highway. But now it's about the edge cases of those unique boundary conditions. So we're working through those. The other part of it is we're developing a proprietary PACCAR autonomous vehicle poor, which has all the redundancies involved in it, which is -- should be ready in the next couple of years here, and that will be a huge advantage for PACCAR in working with companies like Aurora, like our partner, Aurora because it will let us have this really robust platform to build upon. And then we think probably the things that cause it to be constrained for ‘25 or again technology. There'll be a societal element to it as well and then company adoption. So I think it will start with certain lanes and evolve from there.
Joel Tiss: All right. I'm going to try 1 more question. Just to ask a little bit more, instead of about the quarter, I want to ask like on a 3- to 5-year basis, the structure of the margins. Do you think like all these different autonomous and electric vehicles and everything else you're working on and plus new products is enough to really drive your margins to new record levels. Or do you think that there might be some need to use some of your balance sheet to buy something or to expand into something that could really drive those margins to a new higher level?
Preston Feight : Joel, I absolutely believe that the new products, the autonomy that connected the electrification, those efforts that we have on will drive our margins to very, very high levels. And I think then there is just other opportunities incremental to that. So the future looks very good.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Rob Wertheimer from Melius Research.
Robert Wertheimer: Just a couple of questions on -- you mentioned some of the supply chain things getting better. I'm a little bit curious on whether semis are the only real hold up, maybe that's not that's domestic way to phrase it, whether you're just kind of outhustling, I don't know if you're reprogramming like Tesla did or finding new sources and how long you sort of have some certainty on that? And then more generally, when do you see the whole situation with semis getting better? Is that visible to you yet from your conversation with suppliers?
Preston Feight : Well, I think it's a matter of degree. I think our teams are doing mentioned before. It's worth mentioning are doing a fantastic job of hustling as you put it. They are reengineering different chips. They're taking places where maybe 2 chips were required and reengineering them into require only 1 chip. We're working with semiconductor manufacturers themselves in our second, third, fourth tier to come up with good solutions that are robust and high the team has done a fantastic job on that. And I think that's why we're starting to see this improvement because hats off to all their efforts. And I would say that we see, again, a gradual improvement over time as far as the final conclusion. I think it's going to take some time. So gains next year are positive for us. And then again, that might make it for a very strong 2022, and lead to a strong 2023.
Robert Wertheimer: Okay. And then if I could also do a bigger picture one. I mean just early experience on your -- with your customers on electric and hydrogen, when do you think those orders sort of start to convert to from what I assume is testing orders to volume? And then when you talk about the autonomous truck platform that you're developing for -- I guess, for redundancy for sensors for everything else to go into. Similarly, that comes at an additional content last price point for you. And I wonder if you have any thoughts on quantification. It seems like your future revenue curve is a little bit better in the past as you layer in more technology?
Preston Feight : All right. Let's try and take the first one, which is on order size of EVs. We have some orders that are not in the ones anymore. We're starting to see that shift into tens and even hundreds for some of our orders where customers are saying, “Have tried it. I've been around you guys for a little while now. I believe in what you're doing. And I think I can put 10 in operation or more.” So that's kind of the transitional phase that we're in right now, realize it's still limited by the infrastructure requirements that are around out there, some numbers of chargers and putting that together. So it's really still a return to base kind of model adoption, and it probably will be for a few years. So that's a positive thing. We're selling our chargers. PACCAR Parts is doing a good job of that. Our teams are doing a good job working together with customers to make sure they have the balance of truck and infrastructure. So it will just continue to progress over the coming years. From an autonomous standpoint, yes, you're right, that autonomous vehicle platform that you mentioned will have additional componentry on it. It's a very tech solution. And PACCAR be the leader in that area. So that will be helpful to margin. We also expect that services will grow on autonomous vehicles because now our dealers and their involvement will be significant as well, and it should be good for the total business.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Chad Dillard from Bernstein.
Charles Dillard: So to what extent are you seeing share gains related to your new product introductions for '22 in your backlog? Maybe you could talk about what your backlog and market share today is versus a year ago or even your current backlog market share versus shipment market share? Just trying to get a sense for to what extent you can outperform the broader industry going into '22?
Preston Feight : Yes. I would say that when I look at share, it's a really interesting time with build really industry build being constrained by the number of components that are out there. And what I would say is that we feel like we're in a good position right now with the share we have in Europe and North America, Brazil, Australia and I would expect that we'll see growth in chair because of the trucks that we've built and we'll be delivering. So it feels pretty positive looking forward, which would be great for the parts business and the finance company business as we look forward.
Harrie Schippers: And the new truck models on top of that will support market share growth as well.
Preston Feight : Great point, Harrie.
Charles Dillard: Great. And then just on my calculations, it looks like you have about 140 basis point gap between actual gross margins this quarter. And I was just hoping maybe you could kind of break down that shortfall, so we can just model it as we go into '22. How much comes from just like absorption versus price cost versus logistics? That would be great.
Harrie Schippers: I'm sorry, Chad, I don't recognize the numbers that you just quoted.
Charles Dillard: Okay. So I'm just looking at -- yes, I'm just looking at the margins that you did -- the gross margins that you did, compared to that to what you’d do if you got your typical 20% incrementals and I got kind of like 140 basis points gap. So that's what I'm trying to bridge between.
Harrie Schippers: Incremental margins typically have been in that 15% to 20% range, and nothing has changed about the company-wide, that wouldn’t -- that continue to occur going forward. And like we said, we expect margins to improve in the fourth quarter to 12.5%. And as we work through the semiconductor issues and with the new work models in place, margins should improve significantly going into next year.
Preston Feight : Yes, I'd just add to what Harrie's saying there's probably more factors affecting margin than just typical. So it makes it more complicated, right? We mentioned the new product introductions, the supply issues and the dynamics of that factoring into it and obviously, pricing factoring in. So it's -- but it does look really good with the new trucks. And as we get stability, we feel like the gains will be significant, the incrementals will be significant.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: I'm wondering if you could just talk about the zero emissions vehicles. So last quarter, I think you had mentioned to date orders of 450. Can you just give us an update on where that stands now? And if you could just give us a flavor for what the regional mix looks like, what the mix versus medium and heavy duty looks like, if you don't mind?
Preston Feight : Sure. The orders continue to grow, and I would suggest that as I mentioned a little bit earlier, they're coming in now, I'd say, initially, it came in, in the 1s. Now they're coming in more like in the 10s and even in the hundreds, we've had some orders for. From a standpoint of where they are geographically, it's mixed. I mean Europe is seeing order intake for the trucks and build for the trucks and delivery to the customer, same in North America. It's medium-duty and heavy-duty split the key probably point to all of it is that it's return to base applications. So whether heavy-duty or medium duty, the adoption is going to be urban areas where people are coming back and can plug into a charger at night, we see the initial start to that. And I think as we've articulated before, expect that orders and build will be in the hundreds in the coming year or 2, and then transition to the thousands pretty quickly in the next 3 years, let's say.
Jerry Revich: Terrific. And then on the new product lineup across the board, can you just talk about what -- can you talk about what proportion of your production you expect to come from the new models in the fourth quarter? And what's that mix ramp-up looks like as we head into 2022? And if you are willing to quantify, you deliver labor hours reductions on new models typically. I'm wondering if you're willing to quantify what that looks like here.
Preston Feight : So I would say that in North America for the new trucks, they'll become a majority of the trucks in the fourth quarter, and in Europe, we just launched this month for the new DAF and so it will be a minority of the trucks. And as we head into the next year, then it will grow into being roughly half of the trucks. And Harrie, you got detail on the top builds for next year?
Harrie Schippers: No. We will end this year, approximately 30% of our heavy trucks being the new model, and January will be similar than I would say, as of March, it should be 50% and continue to grow from there.
Preston Feight : And then to the second part of your question, where you're thinking about the benefits of the truck, the trucks are amazing as far as how they build. We got to get you guys over to the factories in Belgium and the Netherlands because it's just a beautiful factory and the trucks are performing in terms of their fuel economy and their driver comforts and conveniences and how they work and safety features and their Level 2 autonomous capability. So all of that together is a great benefit to the customers, and that's why it will be impactful to our margins.
Jerry Revich: Invitation accepted. And on the autonomous trials, not just FedEx, but what you've done across the board, can you just talk about the benefits that you're finding in terms of fuel economy improvements accident avoidance outside of the potential elimination of labor longer term. Can you just talk about the -- and quantify the other benefits that you're seeing in the trials?
Preston Feight : Yes, I think that's the real -- part of the real opportunity of this is as these trucks become mature, then they will be very safe, and it will bring an efficiency to freight that's a huge impact to the country and world. And so we're looking forward to being leaders with that effort and are in that position right now. So we'll continue to progress that. I think it's hard to quantify those values, but you can intuitively understand how it could be safer and more efficient and good for the operating environment.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Ross Gilardi from Bank of America.
Ross Gilardi: I was just wondering if you could comment on the capital spending outlook for next year. I mean, it's down by almost $100 million. And I'm just a little surprised by that given the trend of the outlook and all the production constraints and so forth. And just what are your latest thoughts on incremental integration it might pursue given the supply chain situation?
Harrie Schippers: No big changes in vertical integration, Ross. But we did just complete the launch of the biggest product renewal programs in the new medium duties, the new T680 and the new 579. So we're now in that phase the R&D go up a little bit more as we focus our efforts to autonomous electrification, connectivity, those kind of technologies. And in that phase, there's just more R&D going on and capital spending will come later.
Ross Gilardi: And then can you talk a little bit more about Europe? I mean, I'm surprised your demand outlook for next year is barely up. And it just seems like a lot of backlog just globally is getting pushed out further and further. So why is the demand outlook not up that much next year? Are you seeing any areas of softness? Or are you just taking a conservative approach out of the gate?
Preston Feight : Ross, let me take a swing at that, and maybe Harrie will add something into it is I'd say that it's not a demand feature. It's a demand is extremely strong right now. Order backlog is very good, and it's really a supply issue still that has us throttling the market. So our market size assumptions are based upon assumptions of what we can get supplied.
Harrie Schippers: And a range of 260,000 to 300,000 at the high end of that range, a 300,000 truck market for Europe, that's a pretty good market. So let's not forget that.
Ross Gilardi: Oh, for sure. I'm not debating that Harrie. You're coming off a year with pretty significant constraints where you're still playing a lot of catch-up. Maybe that's more of a production comment than it is a retail sales comment. But -- that's why I was asking. And then just lastly, can you just talk about unions at all? I mean what percentage of your production workforce globally is unionized these days? And do you have any union contract negotiations coming up. Obviously, that's topical these days around the industry. So I haven't asked that in a while.
Preston Feight : Sure. Very small percentage of our team in North America is unionized and a great relationship with them, and those are actually quite positive ways of working with each other. In Europe, it's a union environment.
Harrie Schippers: Yes. But same thing, excellent relationships with the unions.
Preston Feight : Yes. It's green -- one of the things as we travel around in this dynamic environment and go out and meeting on floor with people, it's a great place to work. And we have some fantastic people, and I couldn't be more proud and humbled to get to work with all of them.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook: I guess 2 questions. One, obviously, the Parts performance this quarter was very strong. I guess it will be throughout the whole year. Do you think there's an opportunity for you guys to outgrow the market on the Parts side? And then I'm just wondering on the margin front, what you're seeing on pricing for Parts? And is there an opportunity for gross margins in Parts to move structurally higher with share, with scale and as some of these investments sort of wear off? And then just my follow-up question is just can you just remind me what you said about production in the fourth North America versus Europe?
Preston Feight : So on the Parts business, Jamie, I would suggest that our teams are doing a fantastic job applying technology. Again, part of our digital transformation as the team at Parts is really leading it and getting data from trucks, from customers, from the dealers and synthesizing that into value-added services. So just top to our performance there. I think that leads to growth in the business by all of them. And I think that does present margin opportunities for us in the future as we look out. So great job for all of them in that area. And then as far as the split of Europe and North America, your -- second part of your question, I'd say that we'd expect growth in both markets. And you just have to remember that in the fourth quarter, we'll see more build days in Europe than we had in the third quarter, right, just by holiday schedules and shutdowns. So you'll probably see increases at a higher degree in Europe.
Jamie Cook: Okay. And sorry, just on Parts, can you talk about what you're seeing from the pricing front? I know you talked about 4% price. I think that was specific to trucks.
Harrie Schippers: Yes. Parts has been a little bit higher even than 4%. I would think it's 6%...
Preston Feight : It's about 5%.
Harrie Schippers: 5% in the third quarter, Jamie.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Nicole DeBlase from Deutsche Bank.
Nicole DeBlase: We've been through a lot here, but I guess we haven't really talked a whole lot about South America. And I noticed that you guys did take up your full year '21 guidance for the market there. So I would love to hear what's going on in South America.
Preston Feight : You bet. We did take the market up a little bit there. What we've seen in South America is our dealers are doing a fantastic job down there. We have the new DAF that we introduced last year. Customers are in love with that truck. It's performing at the top of them, so our premium reputation is established in South America and Brazil. We've grown in the Andean region as well. And so South America is a strong point for PACCAR, and we've had the strategy to grow there and it's been successful.
Nicole DeBlase: Got it. And when we think about like how you guys are booking orders into 2022, I guess, how far out are you booking orders at this point? And I know that that's probably like a bit of a flux with what's going on with the supply chain? And how does that compare to what's normal at this point in the year?
Preston Feight : Well, I don't -- normal is a funny word, but I would say that in a strong market, which is what I would treat this as a very strong market, we're likely to have significant order backlog, a few months of order backlog. We have every bit of that and more. And so we're working with the customers now as we fill in the 2022 market. But obviously, it's going to be, as we said before, constrained by the number of parts we get. So we'll see improvement, and we're trying to make sure we get all the customers, the trucks that they want.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Tim Thein from Citigroup.
Timothy Thein: The first question was just on the Parts business and just thinking from a high level as to the growth potential in '22. You talked earlier about the potential for truck sales potentially to run ahead of retail, just as you potentially see some dealer stocking. Is there a -- do you think there's a similar potential on the Parts side? And I just say that we're just seeing and hearing more about certain parts being tight from dealers. So is there a potential for sort of a restock in '22, do you think?
Preston Feight : I think the way I think about that is that there's tons of freight volume out there, and people are running their trucks fully right now. And so because there's a constraint on new trucks industry-wide, it's meaning that the repairs are going up on the trucks are existing. And so that's also being a great opportunity for the Parts market, and that seems likely to continue into next year.
Timothy Thein: Okay. So I actually could potentially go the other way. If you do start to see new truck supply ease up, maybe that tempers the growth in Parts a bit.
Preston Feight : Yes, but I wouldn't look that...
Timothy Thein: Yes. Okay. All right. And then just on the Financial Services. I mean, just such a big quarter from a -- on a margin percentage basis, is there anything, Harrie, that we should think about a lot that runs through that and that we can't necessarily see on the face of the release in terms of gains on used sales or changes from the operating lease assumptions or anything more I guess, onetime in nature that just as we think about a similar profitability in the fourth quarter, is that fair all else equal, if we had a similar strong truck market with strong residuals? Can we kind of run rate that into '22? Or is there, again, just something we should think about that potentially impacts the back half of this year that may not recur next year?
Harrie Schippers: Yes. Tim, the finance company has had a stellar quarter. The portfolio is of excellent quality. Customers continue to pay on time. Past dues were less than 0.5%. And on top of that, we see strong demand for used trucks. All the investments we've made in the used truck centers over the years, we get the dividends out of that now. And you see that back in that strong profitability, $120 million, a record for the finance company. And we expect that performance to continue, let's say, into next year it's difficult to say what's going to happen in the second half of next year. But for the foreseeable future, the finance company in the future is bright.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Courtney Yakavonis from Morgan Stanley.
Courtney Yakavonis: If we could just talk a little bit about R&D. I know you mentioned the step-up that's going to support clean diesel and some of the autonomous programs as well as the connected truck platform. Historically, you've talked about obviously investing mostly in the diesel. You've done your new truck launches. Just curious if the buckets for R&D have changed over time. And also, as we think about the investments that you're making in autonomous versus clean diesel, anything that you can just help guide us as to where the increase is primarily coming from and how it compares to the breakdown in prior year?
Preston Feight : Sure. Let me take a swing at that for you, and then Harrie, maybe has something to add. I would say that there is a shift going on. We have a lot of great diesel programs coming along. When you think about 2024 emissions, 2027 emissions, our team did a great job of meeting that with clean diesel. So that's continuing as that will likely be the dominant powertrain offering for the next 5 to 10 years, at least. And then I would suggest that beyond that, we have put more money into the electric vehicle programs as we develop our own capabilities there and develop our own software solutions and control algorithms and same with autonomous, with the autonomous vehicle platform and then the investments we're making in connected services and this digital transformation so that we're providing value to customers in those areas. All of those are the shifts that are ongoing right now. As Harrie said, we've just completed the best launch of new trucks we've had in our history. And so that foundation is built, and we're moving to other areas.
Courtney Yakavonis: Great. That's helpful. And then just a little bit more on the 4Q margin comments. Can you just help us understand -- I know you made the comments about absorption. But just in terms of the additional availability via reengineered chips and some of the brokered chips, any guidelines you can give us on just how much more expensive those are versus procuring them through normal channels just when we're thinking about the margin impact that we have to 4Q versus thinking about 2022 when things normalize a little more?
Harrie Schippers: Yes. Courtney, of course, those alternative chips can be more expensive and often are more expensive but it doesn't have a material impact on our gross margin percentages for now.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Matt Elkott from Cowen.
Matthew Elkott: So you guys are doing a good on the autonomy front and a good deal electrification. Can you talk about if you see an overlap of the 2 technologies as a growth area, electric autonomous trucks? And if there are any manufacturing processes advantages to try and to merge the 2 technologies or limitations?
Preston Feight : I wouldn't think of them quite as linked like that. I think that initially, autonomy is going to have a great role to play when it becomes commercialized in the long haul are principally to begin with. And that isn't something that lends up well to battery electric vehicles. It might with hydrogen fuel cell, which is 1 of the other technologies we're leading in. So I think that we look at them as developing in parallel, they will merge at some point, but I don't think that they happy linked like that.
Matthew Elkott: And then my second question is on the cycle. I know the base case scenario here, our assumption is that supply chain disruptions will slowly and gradually. But if they ease more quickly and somewhat abruptly, are you guys able to ramp up production on a sequential basis next year? Maybe what a step function material increase if the chip shortages are out of the way?
Preston Feight : Matt, indeed, we could. We’ve prepared ourselves for it. We have great operations teams, and we would be prepared that step up.
Operator: Next question will come from the line of Jeff Kauffman from Vertical Research.
Jeffrey Kauffman: I almost feel bad coming back to autonomous, but I think it's just such an interesting opportunity. So I'd love to ask you 2 questions on this. Number one, is there going to be any ability for you to utilize the platform across markets, so let's say, Europe, where is the thermometer on autonomy out there and what's going on? And then the second question, you kind of answered a little bit, but you're building a platform for it. So it's not something you're dabbling in. I mean this is something you believe in and you're going to commit to. What have you learned so far whether it's the way the trucks were whether what things maybe are you learning that you didn't expect in terms of fuel economy? I know it's early stage in its early innings, but I'm just kind of curious because you're 1 of the few companies that's really being proactive in terms of building a platform and testing vehicles.
Preston Feight : You bet. I'll try to take both those questions for you. As far as platform, this autonomous vehicle platform we're building, indeed it does have application across markets, across brands. So we are investing in the knowledge centers and software capabilities that develop a vehicle as well as the hardware systems onboard the trucks. So that those integrate well with the autonomous driver with companies like Aurora that are creating the driver itself, integrates well to our platform and then our platform could be used with another autonomous driver as well. So that’s why we are making those big investments. I’d also continue to say that lessons learned are that the drivers are going to around for a long time that this is not something that we will step-in in three years and displace drivers. This was a gradual introduction, it will be certain routes. It will take weather conditions, and those will slowly get sorted out. So I would say that the other key learning is that the support required for an autonomous vehicle is pretty high and having a strong global presence like PACCAR does, help success occur for autonomous vehicle operations because you need a good dealer network. You need to be able to understand what's happening on board the vehicle through connected services and you be able to reach out and get to that truck and work with our customers to make sure that they're operating well and then repair the truck when something happens. So it really is an -- autonomy is a great opportunity for PACCAR in the world.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Felix Boeschen from Raymond of James.
Felix Boeschen: I just wanted to follow up on the comments on the Parts business. Clearly, the backdrop just from an industry-wide truck utilization standpoint is obviously very favorable today and probably for the foreseeable future. But I'm just curious if you could talk through some of the company-specific drivers in that business and really the sustainability of those cycles even if, say, the truck market were to loosen. I'm trying to think through MX engine parts, the e-commerce business, TRP and the new distribution center? And any sort of quantification on those would be helpful.
Preston Feight : Yes. You made great comments. To answer your question, those are all exactly right. I mean the TRP growth is strong. We are seeing continued strong growth, 37% in the e-commerce business. So that's fantastic. The engine business parts are growing as well. And then I really think we need to make sure we emphasize the fact that through the digital transformation that the Parts team has embarked on in knowing how to connect with the customer, with the dealer and then meet those needs. Our Parts team is doing a fantastic job of doing that, and that's what kind of grows the business in the longer term. So really positive things to look forward to.
Felix Boeschen: Got it. And then just quickly on the margins, they've obviously been strong. I'm curious if there's anything in those numbers from a supply chain headwind perspective? Or have you been sort of isolated or covering your costs with that? Just to kind of try think to the puts and takes as we head into 2022.
Harrie Schippers: For Parts, Felix, it's very easy to -- whenever there are cost increases, do have price increases at the same time, there is no backlog for Parts. So the Parts orders that come in today, they're going to be shipped to their same day or tomorrow. So that's very easy to get pricing there in line or better than the cost increases.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions in queue. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Preston Feight : We'd like to thank everyone for joining the call, and thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-27 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded. And if anyone has an objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Preston Feight, Chief Executive Officer; Harrie Schippers, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Barkley, Senior Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls, we ask that any members of the media on the line participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. For additional information, please see our SEC filings and the Investor Relations page at paccar.com. I would now like to introduce Preston Feight.
Preston Feight: Hello, everyone. It's good to be on the call with all of you. Harrie Schippers, Michael Barkley and I will update you on our second quarter results and business highlights. First and foremost, I appreciate our outstanding employees around the world for providing excellent trucks and transportation solutions to our customers. I'd also like to thank PACCAR's fantastic dealers and suppliers for their support. PACCAR achieved very good quarterly revenues and net income in the second quarter of 2021. PACCAR's results reflect quarterly sales and profit records at PACCAR Parts and PACCAR Financial Services. The economies in freight markets continue to be robust in all of PACCAR's geographic markets. Demand for PACCAR's premium trucks is strong. PACCAR's second quarter sales and Financial Services revenues were $5.8 billion and second quarter net income was $493 million. PACCAR Parts achieved record quarterly revenues of $1.2 billion and record pretax profits of $266 million. PACCAR Financial achieved record pretax income of $107 million. And I'd just like to take a moment to recognize these wonderful achievements by our great team. So looking at product. 2021 is the biggest year of new truck introductions in PACCAR's history. The most recent truck introduction was in June, when DAF launched the XF, XG and XG+. These DAF trucks are game changing. DAF is the first manufacturer to utilize the new European regulations allowing for a longer cab and the regulations enabled DAF's engineers to design an aerodynamically optimized truck that provides up to 10% greater fuel efficiency and an equal reduction in greenhouse gas emissions. Technology enhancements include a new powertrain, new digital mirrors, digital dash displays and a full suite of advanced driver-assistance systems. The new models provide drivers a new level of luxury and comfort and there is great customer excitement for the new trucks, and this is being reflected in strong orders. Production start is in October. The next-generation Peterbilt 579 and Kenworth T680 began production in May. These new trucks feature enhanced aerodynamics and powertrains that deliver up to 7% higher fuel efficiency, industry-leading LED headlights, advanced driver-assistance systems and a state-of-the-art interior with a configurable digital display. So in addition to launching the new Class 8 trucks, this month Kenworth and Peterbilt began production of their new medium-duty truck lineup. These vehicles have an 8-inch wider cab, best-in-class visibility for enhanced safety and a premium interior with configurable dash displays. The new medium-duty trucks featured the PACCAR 8-speed automatic transmission and we are seeing excellent customer demand for these new Peterbilt and Kenworth vehicles. PACCAR's industry-leading zero emissions battery electric trucks are now in production, with 60 vehicles in customer operations in Europe and North America. And we've received orders for over 450 battery electric trucks and are working closely with our customers and our dealers, as we move forward with these exciting zero emissions product offerings. During the second quarter, PACCAR enhanced its autonomous truck development partnership with Aurora by becoming a minority investor in their planned public offering. The PACCAR, Aurora partnership continues to make progress in developing a Level 4 autonomous solution. Now looking at the truck markets, U.S. and Canada Class 8 industry retail sales are estimated to be in a range of 260,000 to 280,000 vehicles. Kenworth and Peterbilt market share was 29.4% in the first half. In Europe, truck industry registrations in the above 16-ton market are estimated to be in a range of 270,000 to 290,000 vehicles and DAF's year-to-date market share is 15.7%. The South American above 16-ton market is projected to be in a range of 100,000 to 110,000 trucks and DAF Brazil is about 16-ton market share through June was 5.7%. So as has been discussed in recent months, industry truck production has been tempered by the under-supply of semiconductor chips. Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF had a good quarter and delivered 40,100 trucks with an additional 6,500 awaiting key components. While it's very dynamic, we currently anticipate supplier constraints improving toward the end of this year. PACCAR continues to advance its industry-leading environmental focus with our products and in our factories. PACCAR is committed to achieving science-based carbon reduction targets and PACCAR continues to receive high rankings for its environmental leadership. These are really exciting times for PACCAR as we create our future. And Harrie Schippers will now provide an update on PACCAR Parts, PACCAR Financial Services and other business highlights. Thank you. Harrie?
Harrie Schippers: Thanks, Preston. PACCAR Parts had another outstanding quarter, achieving record revenues of $1.2 billion compared to $823 million for the second quarter of last year. Parts pretax profits were a record $266 million compared to $152 million in the same period last year. Parts gross margins grew a robust 28.2%. PACCAR Parts benefited from strong freight demand and truck utilization, investments in e-commerce technology and distribution capacity. Strategically located PDCs reduced delivery times and increased customer uptime. E-commerce part sales increased 56% in the second quarter compared to the same quarter last year. PACCAR is continuing its investments in world-class distribution by opening a new distribution center in Louisville, Kentucky next year. We expect third quarter part sales to be similar to the strong second quarter. PACCAR Financial Services earned record pretax income of $107 million, reflecting strong portfolio performance and robust used truck demand. We expect third quarter PACCAR Financial results to be in line with the excellent second quarter. PACCAR Financial is increasing its retail used truck center capacity worldwide, which enhances margins. A new PACCAR Financial used truck facility is under construction in Madrid, Spain. Kenworth and Peterbilt truck resale values command at 10% to 20% premium over competitors' trucks. PACCAR has invested $7.3 billion in new vehicle programs, enhanced facilities and new technologies during the past decade. This includes the investment of $1 billion for the new DAF truck range and expand its factories. Capital expenditures for the year are projected to be $550 million to $600 million and research and development expenses are estimated to be $340 million to $360 million. PACCAR is investing in zero emissions and ultra clean diesel powertrains, advanced driver assistance and autonomous driving systems, connected vehicle services and enhanced production and distribution facilities. Second quarter truck, parts and other gross margins were 13.5%. Customer demand is strong and DAF, Kenworth, and Peterbilt are sold out for the year. Depending on the supply of materials, third quarter global truck production and gross margins could be similar to the second quarter. The recently introduced DAF, Kenworth and Peterbilt truck models provide PACCAR the newest and most exciting product lineup in Company history. These new trucks will support our customers, dealers and our success in the coming years. Thank you. We'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Ken Hastings: Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Jerry Revich: Yes, hi. Good morning, everyone. I'm wondering if you could just talk about with the new product lineup that you have rolled out globally. Do you have a higher proportion of common platforms and core components in the platform today compared to what we would have been looking at under prior generation products? And if you could just talk about the implications of product development going forward given the timing overlap of the product rollouts globally this year? Thanks.
Preston Feight: Hey, Jerry, that is a fun question. We can talk a long time about it, but I'll keep it brief for you. Yes. We have been able to globally make sure that we're leveraging our core competencies in software development and in some of the electronics capabilities for the vehicles around the world. So between DAF, Kenworth and Peterbilt, we take the best approaches and apply them and that shows up in the way some of the vehicle functionality is, which is just – I got to tell you, it's really fun. I was able to drive the new DAF a few weeks ago, it was over in Europe and the truck is amazing. And I think, obviously, I'm subjectively bias but we had a bunch of our dealers in it. They got to see it and everybody is just thrilled with it. So we're seeing just a beautiful new truck there in Europe and the same can be said for the trucks in North America. There's more commonality between the Kenworth and a Peterbilt in terms of the chassis design there. So we use best practices to make sure we provide the best ride and capabilities and those trucks are equally just fantastic to be in. So yes, we're using our best practices and getting global leverage as we do our designs.
Jerry Revich: Terrific. And then you're off to a strong bookings for your electric vehicles. I'm wondering if you could just talk about, over what time frame do you plan to produce the electric vehicles you spoke about in backlog. And can you just quantify, to what extent you've been successful in layering on charging stations and other expanded services? Is there a revenue number associated with the unit number that you might be willing to share with us?
Preston Feight: Well, I would say that the orders are coming in. I mean, the 450 is just a moment in time. We're getting new orders every day. We had a good order from Amazon yesterday, a couple of days ago in Europe for battery electric vehicles that we've used in the UK. So we're getting us around the world and they'll be built as the orders come in. Some of the orders are multi-year. They could take a few years, because there's high quantities. But we anticipate the market just continuing to evolve, grow over the years. So it starts in the hundreds, as we've shared before, and we see it moving to the thousands, as that happens. And our team at PACCAR Parts is doing a great job of rolling out charging stations and being supportive to our customers and our dealers with the infrastructure needs that they have. So we've taken a holistic approach there and see these as good opportunities for PACCAR to grow this business beyond just the provision of product there.
Jerry Revich: Okay. And lastly, Harrie you spoke about expectations for similar production and gross margins in the third quarter. Can you talk about how you expect the supply chain to look into the fourth quarter? What are you hearing from the supply base that far out? Do you think our inventory of uncompleted trucks declines as we go through the year?
Harrie Schippers: Yes. Like we said, Jerry, there was a lot of uncertainty around the supply base and the deliveries in the third quarter and beyond, a lot of that will depend on the ability of the supply base to deliver, especially in the semiconductor area.
Jerry Revich: Okay. I appreciate the discussion. Thanks.
Preston Feight: You bet. Have a good day.
Operator: Your next question will come from Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Ann Duignan: Hi. Thank you. If you could expand on those last comments a little bit? I think we depreciated the puts and takes on the gross margin going into Q3. Seasonally Q3 will be weaker than Q2 just on plant shutdowns, et cetera, in Europe. However, you've got all this inventory build and should you be able to receive components – perhaps deliveries are higher. So we don’t get the absorption because they're already built. So I'm trying to really understand the puts and takes because you seem kind of hesitant when you said that gross margins and performance might be similar in Q3 to Q2. So please expand on that in any way, shape or form that you can?
Preston Feight: Thanks. Sure. Ann, happy to happy to take a swing at that for you. You understand the market really well and we have excellent demand, as we said, we're sold out through the year in all our markets. So with this great demand, great market, need for trucks around the world really, customers are looking for trucks as quickly as they can get them. And we're building this as quick as we can get them. And so, we had a good second quarter in our deliveries at 40,000. Obviously, you can do the math, there's several thousand sitting there that are waiting a component. And as we get the components, which is unclear in the semiconductor front we complete the trucks and get them to our customers. So wish we could give you more clarity on how that semiconductor supply is going to proceed through the third and fourth quarter, but we just don't have any more than that right now.
Ann Duignan: But just for clarification, when you ship those trucks after you get the semiconductor, you've already gotten the absorption of building those products. They're just sitting at the end of the line waiting for semiconductors and...
Preston Feight: That is correct, Ann. Of course, the absorption has already taken and when we deliver and ship the truck, that's when we record the gross margin on the truck.
Ann Duignan: Right, exactly. And then on the parts and the finco businesses, you had given us the full-year guide for Parts and you had expect it to be up about 15% to 18%. I'm assuming with your revision today, or you're calling for more like 18% to 20% now for the full-year. And finco, you said, performance would be similar in Q3 to Q2. Is there any reason to believe that the finco couldn't continue to perform at this level into year-end also?
Preston Feight: So the parts, we're expecting the full-year to be an increase about 20% to 22%.
Ann Duignan: Okay.
Harrie Schippers: And for the finance company, the $107 million in the second quarter was a record outstanding result. And if we look at the current market dynamics with strong used truck markets and excellent payment behavior by all our customers, strong portfolio we expect that business to run at that level for the next quarter. And that's pretty good run rate now.
Ann Duignan: It is a good run rate. I'm just trying to figure out the model. And just real – finally, a real quick just dealer inventories right now versus where they ought to be?
Preston Feight: Well, the dealer inventories are limited, which will extend the market also, we have about 1.6 months of inventory at the dealers. And I think the industry is 1.9 or 2, so it's – we'd like it to be, of course, but that does bode well for a strong extended demand cycle.
Ann Duignan: Okay. Thank you. I'll get back in line. Appreciate it.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Your next question will come from Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Stephen Volkmann: Hi. Good afternoon here. Good morning there guys.
Preston Feight: Hello, Steve.
Stephen Volkmann: Hi. So couple of quick ones. Preston, your industry commentary, does that factor in the supply chain issues and that's kind of your best guess? Or is that more of a number that would be kind of a high side and then supplier issues might cause it to be lower than that?
Preston Feight: I would say that we try to factor in everything into those numbers. So that 260,000 to 280,000 in North America. The reason it shifts down a little bit is because of the supply side provision with the demand that we have. It's really what the throttle is on the business right now.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay. Super. And then with respect to all these new truck launches that you kind of went through, I guess the bottom line question is do you expect these products to be kind of higher margin than the products that they're replacing?
Preston Feight: Well, we think that we set out design products that are great for our customers and with the kind of fuel efficiency, the driver comforts, the feature capabilities that they all provide to the customers, we think they want to buy them. And that should be good for PACCAR and good for the customers.
Stephen Volkmann: All right. Maybe the final quick one. Just any commentary on pricing. I mean, I know things are sort of sold out. When do you start taking orders for 2022? And is there any reason not to assume that that pricing wouldn't be more robust as you start to do that?
Preston Feight: We are taking pricing for 2022, and if you just look at our – our order intake has been very strong. And so we're seeing how that's progressing through the market, working on raw materials pricing into those models and just moving forward thoughtfully into 2022 as we take those orders. And we do expect the new trucks to be a bigger percentage of our build in the next year, and that'll be good for everyone.
Stephen Volkmann: Got it. Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Your next question will come from David Raso with Evercore.
David Raso: Hi. Thank you.
Preston Feight: Hey, David.
David Raso: I was thinking about pricing for the rest of the year. When you mentioned you're sold out for the rest of the year, does that speak to them pricing is pretty well set on your deliveries for the rest of the year? Or is there an ability to adjust pricing for any further shipments this year?
Preston Feight: So it's largely set. But I would tell you that these have been unusual times, and so we've adjusted pricing as necessary to match into raw materials pricing. And that's kind of the way we've approached the market.
David Raso: Okay. So still some flexibility despite the backlog sort of spoken for the rest of the year, but limited versus historically. You wouldn't usually adjust the backlog historically.
Preston Feight: Yes. What I would say is we're working really closely with the customers to get them the trucks they need as quickly as we can. And I think they understand, we understand that that's taking extra efforts right now and so we're applying those efforts.
David Raso: And when it comes to the 6,500 red-tagged trucks waiting for component, of those, do you expect those to ship? A large majority of those would ship in the third quarter or because that's the greatest pinch point, when we think about say potentially flat deliveries 2Q to 3Q, they might not include a lot of those 6,500. I think we're all just trying to get a feel for some of the overhead absorption issues with shipping already build trucks or not in the near-term?
Preston Feight: Yes. I would tell you that that's a constant dynamic there. We've had some trucks that we build minus component and we received a batch of components for those and have shipped those out only to find ourselves in different circumstances like Malaysia COVID outbreak, which then causes a constraint of a different component. So it's pretty dynamic and hard to really talk about which truck ship when…
David Raso: All right. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Preston Feight: Sure. You bet. Have a good day.
Operator: Your next question will come from Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes. Thanks. Hi, guys.
Preston Feight: Hey, Nicole.
Nicole DeBlase: Maybe just a clarification on the third quarter production guidance. So have you guys – do you plan on taking your usual plant shutdowns seasonally in Europe? And I'm just trying to think through like q-on-q production by region?
Preston Feight: So we do plan to take our European shutdown, in fact we're in the midst of it now.
Harrie Schippers: It started this week.
Preston Feight: And I don't know if there's anything else you want to add thinking about regionally?
Harrie Schippers: No.
Preston Feight: I don't think there is any other regional vagarities that I'd add into it.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay. So Europe is down q-on-q and maybe the other two regions up a little bit q-on-q to compensate for that to get you to flat overall?
Preston Feight: I would say it's really more about which components we get when, and that's really what's driving those deliveries by region.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay. Understood. And then maybe just to elaborate a little bit on David's point. So if you think about the pricing that you guys realized in the quarter, which I know we'll all see when the 10-Q is filed. But did you have a pinch at the margin line from price costs and what is the expectation for how that progresses into 3Q?
Harrie Schippers: When you see the 10-Q, Nicole, you'll see that pricing was up 2% to 3% compared to last year. And then, of course, that resulted in margin improvement compared to last year. But if you look at it more on a sequential basis, then I would say that, yes, we've been able to increase prices to cover cost increases. And I think that's what gives us the margins as we know them in the second quarter and that’s a similar assumption if we look at the third quarter.
Nicole DeBlase: Got it. Okay. That's really helpful. And then I'll just squeeze one more in. Could you just comment a little bit on what you're seeing with respect to used truck pricing, like the magnitude of the growth?
Preston Feight: Well, I mean, it's grown quite a bit, obviously in the year-over-year and North America has grown in the 40 something percent and Europe has grown double-digits also. And so we've had great growth in our used truck pricing. There's a limited supply of used trucks. I mean, obviously the PACCAR products command a premium in that space, and it's an even more precious premium right now. So we think that as long as supply is limited, then there'll be a good opportunity for our team selling used trucks, getting customers the ability to move the freight.
Nicole DeBlase: Got it. Thanks. I'll pass it along.
Operator: Your next question will come from Joel Tiss with BMO. Please proceed.
Joel Tiss: Hey guys. How is it going?
Preston Feight: Really good, Joel. How are you doing?
Joel Tiss: I’m hanging in there. Is this automated cab factory in Europe, is that a new template for what you can do around the world? Or is that more just building on what you are already have in place in terms of the footprint?
Preston Feight: Well, Joel, it really is a new approach. It's an evolutionary approach, but it's a new approach. The factory is amazing. We hope to get you over there soon to be able to see it. We were just there a few weeks ago. And all I can say is, wow. When you look at the level of robotics that we've applied to bring the highest degrees of quality and capability in putting those trucks together, it's really fantastic state-of-the-art factory and it brings a new level of, I'd say, competence into our manufacturing operations.
Joel Tiss: And I think what everyone's asking and I'm wondering too. Can you give us some of the pieces to raise your kind of structural incremental margins? They've been kind of stuck in this 12% to 14% range for a while. And I just wondered, everyone keeps asking, maybe it's electric, maybe it's automation, maybe it's pricing. Can you give us a little sense of maybe just some of the things you're thinking about internally that that could structurally push those margins higher in the next five years?
Preston Feight: Yes, sure. Happy to. If you look at the Parts business and again, that team is just doing a fantastic job and the focus there is to continue growing and they're able to do that because they really think about what the customers needs are and what the dealers needs are. So they're putting systems in place that enable a really world-class delivery of parts in same-day more and more frequently. And so that's an area of growth opportunity as we look at it. The finance company is a great foundational growth opportunity for us as well. The new trucks, we'd be really remiss to not talk about how the new trucks are going to help to grow the business over time. You mentioned other things like alternative powertrain, zero emissions vehicles, that's a great opportunity for PACCAR. We're already – put yourselves in a leadership position in terms of order intake. And so that not just the sale of the trucks, but the support of the trucks in the field, battery electric charging stations, battery energy management, fleet management help, those are skills that we can provide. We see embedded software and connected trucks being an opportunity for growth in the future. Obviously, we have this relationship with the autonomous vehicle producers and namely Aurora, that's an opportunity as we go forward and increasing utilization of safety systems like that. So there is a whole plethora of great opportunities for PACCAR to grow as we move forward in the future.
Joel Tiss: That's excellent. Thank you so much.
Preston Feight: Yes. You bet.
Operator: Your next question will come from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research.
Robert Wertheimer: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Preston Feight: Hey, Rob.
Robert Wertheimer: My question, I guess, I think I have two on electric. One is, you obviously noted your three competitors announced an alignment on charging in Europe and I don't know whether you specifically comment on your thoughts on doing that with that alliance. But maybe more broadly, what is the role for an OEM in trying to prep if any, the prep infrastructure for some of these changes that are coming in the infrastructure is necessarily there?
Preston Feight: Okay. That's good line of thinking there. They did make that announcement, we are rolling out our infrastructure system. And so basically what everybody is trying to do in the all OEMs car and truck are trying to create an infrastructure that's usable by each other and that's what theirs would be. So usable by all our products. At the same time, we're also rolling out our capabilities into the dealers and with the customers, obviously, with each electric vehicle in the early phases before ranges unlimited. They're going to be largely used in a return to base kind of an operating style, which means when you buy a truck you're probably looking at a charging station also and the integration of the truck and the charging station how those – how that system works together is a core competency that we bring to our customers and we'll share with our customers. So we see that is kind of an avenue forward. So there's some symbiotic relationship with all the OEMs, but there's also this unique capability that PACCAR has in bringing the right battery energy management and the right kind of system to a customer.
Robert Wertheimer: That's a very helpful answer. So you're not kind of sitting passively by letting others do this. You're involving yourselves in a different way where you think it's more viable. Okay. That's very helpful.
Preston Feight: Yes, exactly.
Robert Wertheimer: Yes. On your electric truck orders, are those mostly in medium-duty or is there heavy? And can you say anything about the – you mentioned return to base, anything about the routes or the base or the duty cycles the vehicle configuration that is currently attracting attention? And I will stop there. Thank you
Preston Feight: Yes, sure. The orders have been spread out. There have been medium-duty orders, been heavy-duty orders in the kind of the pickup and delivery space and there has also been refuse kinds of trucks that we've taken good orders from. So again, anywhere where urban applications or you're running 200 miles and you're coming back at nights. We have time to recharge. Those are the right spots for the battery electric systems today and we're doing that in Europe and in North America.
Robert Wertheimer: Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet. Have a good day.
Operator: Your next question will come from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Jamie Cook: Hi. Good afternoon or good morning to you. I guess, a couple of questions. One, I've been – while the truck margins are coming in a little lower because of the supply chain inefficiencies, the Parts margins have continued to progress and seem like this year will be at a record new level. So I'm wondering if gross margin structurally in Parts can be higher and that's what we're missing. And how much runway you have to go there? And then my second question is, understanding you probably don't want to talk about next year, but as you think about the order book and then some of the inefficiencies that we're seeing in 2021, do you think there is a set up for next year for incremental margins if the industry forecasts are right to potentially be better in 2022 versus in 2021?
Preston Feight: Jamie, I'll let Michael talk about the first part of it and I'll kind of come into the second.
Jamie Cook: Thank you.
Michael Barkley: The margins are benefiting from higher volume we get to spread that over the fixed cost base, if you will. So we get volume leverage out of the much higher volume that we're enjoying right now and plus, there has been decent pricing because there has been strong demand that's been able to at least keep pace with the cost increases that we're seeing on the raw material side.
Preston Feight: Yes. And then as we look at 2022, we see that as this operations can flow steadily, put it that way, then that should be a great opportunity for us as well. Right? The production efficiencies return at higher levels, we expect the market will be strong next year and that should be good for PACCAR.
Jamie Cook: Okay. And then, sorry, one last follow-up question. It sounds like from your prepared remarks, you guys were having good success with the automatic – with the transmission with ZF, your new partnership there. So can you just give a little more color there? What you're seeing on adoption rates with the ZF transmission? And how you think penetration – how to think about penetration, I guess, over the next 12 months and over the longer-term with that product line? Thank you.
Preston Feight: I don't know the exact number of percentage take rates on it. I know it's been pretty high and growing as people get the experience with it. So I can't give you a numeric answer. I can just tell you that in being in the vehicle a lot and driving it and talking to customers about it, it's working really, really well and we expect that just to continue to increase.
Jamie Cook: Okay. Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet. Have a good day.
Operator: Your next question will come from Chad Dillard with Bernstein.
Charles Dillard: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Preston Feight: Good morning, afternoon.
Charles Dillard: So I just wanted to go back to supply chain challenges. So can you just give a little bit more color? Beyond semis, can you talk about where the components are in short supply, has a breadth of the component shortage grown? And if you can just talk about like the month-over-month cadence? Are things – do things get better or worse as we progress through the second quarter?
Preston Feight: Chad, I love to be able to give you more, but we've given you just about everything we can on explaining where we're at with supply base and that there is a degree of uncertainty that you can see in every manufacturers report write-ups and we have that same kind of uncertainty working through our system. And if I could tell you more and more, I would. But we're going to continue to operate this business in a world-class fashion. And as we get the parts, we put them in the trucks and get them to the customers as quickly as we can.
Charles Dillard: Got it. And maybe you can just give us a sense for how much less you need to spend on promotional discounting, just given the really strong environment? Are you at 50% of typical spend levels, 20%? Just trying to think through, if the environment – the demand environment remains strong, can you actually pull up a little bit more of that marketing expense?
Preston Feight: Well, we don't really have a marketing expense associated with promotional discounting in the way we build a order. And I think that our products do a great job of selling themselves. And I don't know if you have anything else to that?
Harrie Schippers: Our sales expenses are part of our SG&A. And as you've been able to see, our SG&A has been pretty stable going from the first to the second quarter. And that's the kind of level we expect that SG&A to stay in. We got the tight cost controls, good budget discipline and we'll continue to do so
Charles Dillard: Okay. Great. Thanks. I'll pass it on.
Preston Feight: All right.
Operator: Your next question will come from Ross Gilardi with Bank of America.
Ross Gilardi: Hi there. Thanks for taking my questions.
Preston Feight: Hey, Ross.
Ross Gilardi: Have you guys disclosed how big your Aurora stake is? I mean, if it's been out in articles and your filings, I missed it. I apologize, but do you have any with there?
Ken Hastings: No, Ross, we haven't disclosed that. This is Ken. And Aurora hasn't either. I don't think any of the pipe investors have disclosed the amounts.
Ross Gilardi: Okay. Got it.
Preston Feight: Our thinking around it was to make sure that we just had a strong partnership with them, and the real focus is are developing in PACCAR-specific autonomous vehicle platform that will work with Aurora that can also work with others. And that's where our focus has been and they've turned into a great partner. We've been riding around in the autonomous trucks with them and there is great progress being made on that – on the development of an L-4 system.
Ross Gilardi: And then, sorry for another price cost question, but I'm just trying to think this more at a high level. I mean, cost push aside recognizing that you're raising prices to offset cost inflation and over time you're probably successful doing that. Just why doesn't there seem to be more, if any, structural pricing power in the commercial vehicle industry when you have all of these new products, you have all this new technology, it creates enormous cost and productivity benefits for the fleet, you have a tight used equipment market, you're sold out. Why can't the industry? And you probably don't want to speak for the industry, but let's just say why can't PACCAR just steadily raise prices 2% to 3%, whatever the number is, every year regardless of what is happening with costs, given the amount of value that your new products are bringing?
Preston Feight: I guess, I think you're right, we wouldn't want to talk for the industry and to tell you that we are constantly working on providing industry-leading margins. And we do that. And I think our results show that and we're going to keep doing that in a good way. And as we bring out these new products, we do expect that they will provide again benefits to the customer and PACCAR and that's kind of the model we work with is to stay as the best company there is.
Ross Gilardi: But, I mean, are you just pushing more to just take market share, grow the installed base and therefore, you see improved margins via the Parts business because you're selling more content in the aftermarket or there's going to be some type of strategy there? It just seems like that the focus is much more on driving volumes and share them on pricing itself realizing, I guess, that you have the best margins in the industry. But it would just seem that, maybe this is more of a comment than a question, and welcome your further thoughts. Just why you can't raise prices?
Preston Feight: Yes. I think you said it right, you said, we have the best margins in the industry and we do and we continue to work on that and we continue to grow our business around the world geographically. We continue to make these great investments, which are good for our customers, you continue to see the growth that comes along with it through the Parts business, the finance company. I mean, PACCAR is really doing a great job and we're going to keep doing that.
Ross Gilardi: All right. Preston, then just the last part of it, just pricing for your EVs in the broad spectrum of – you got all these new entrants in the market, you got a lot of new vehicles that are coming out. You're one of the first, if not, the first, but where are you on pricing relative to everyone? And can you comment at all, what do you think happens to pricing for some of your core vehicles over the next three to five years as penetration really starts to grow?
Preston Feight: Our margins for the EVs are kind of comparable to diesel powertrain margins. So those are looking really good. The markets obviously a market that's emerging. It's not mature, so there's a lot of dynamics around battery cost continue to come down. There's government grants and subsidies that come along with some of these projects, be they battery electric or hydrogen fuel cell. So it's a pretty dynamic world and we're focuses on achieving high quality margins and high quality trucks for our customers and the zero emissions space.
Ross Gilardi: Okay. Thanks very much.
Preston Feight: You bet. Have a good day.
Operator: Your next question will come from Felix Boeschen with Raymond James.
Felix Boeschen: Hey. Good morning, everybody.
Preston Feight: Howdy. How are you doing?
Felix Boeschen: Good. Hey. I was hoping to touch on the new product launches for just a quick second. Correct me if I'm wrong, but I think you mentioned about 10% fuel efficiency improvement in Europe. That should start production a couple of months. And then I think I heard 7% on Peterbilt and Kenworth. Can you help us understand how good that is from an upgrade perspective maybe versus prior fuel efficiency increases in sort of historical model changes?
Preston Feight: Sure. That's a good way to think of it. The first thing is double-digit changes in Europe where speeds are more like a 100 kilometers an hour, 80 kilometers an hour for trucks is wow. I mean, getting that kind of improvement is just amazing and the DAF team did such a fantastic job. And one of the reasons they were able to do such a good job is they work closely with the government there in defining what the shape of a vehicle can be and so the government allowed a different shape of the vehicle and DAF is the first OEM and the only one that's announced to do so, so far of being able to bring out a cab that meets this new shape, which is more aerodynamic. So just fantastic effort by the team at DAF in bringing that truck out, and it doesn't just create aerodynamic benefit, but the interior and the visibility of those trucks are just amazing. And I would also say that from being a user of the truck, if you get in the truck and you're driving it, just the way it feels, it's really, really quiet, like I would say quieter than a 5 Series BMW when you're running down the highway. It's just fantastic. And then if you use a sleeper compartment of it, it's got all kinds of creature comforts and luxury for the drivers. And so it's just a beautiful product that delivers this double-digit fuel economy. And in characterizing it against other programs, you might think 5% is a lot, that's how we would look at it. So a 5% change in fuel economy is a big change in fuel economy. So for them to get 10% just amazing and same thing for the Kenworth and the Peterbilt teams getting 7% on these next-generation 579s and 680s. They just had a great job of bringing everything they could to the table. And that's obviously got a big impact on lowering operating costs for our customers. So these trucks are going to set the mark for the industry.
Felix Boeschen: Yes. And I appreciate that and that's kind of where I was trying to go with it. From an OpEx perspective, 10% improvement year-over-year, feels like a very big deal. If you could indulge me maybe characterize how you think this would impact multi-year truck demand if indeed upgrade features are maybe higher? And then in that same vein, I guess, where I'm coming from, I understand the near-term focus on margins, given all of the temporary noise in the numbers. But if demand does stay elevated for longer, is there anything structural in the model why margins should not move sort of in tandem with that prolonged demand? Any color kind of would be appreciated.
Preston Feight: Well, I think your second comment is right, they should move in tandem with it. And I would say that you're right in the new products coming out that make the operating costs lower for a customer is cycle independent, they want to lower their operating cost is what they used to be competitive, so buying new DAFs, Peterbilts and Kenworths is how they win that game. That's how they keep their drivers most happy. And so, yes, that's good for the business and that will extend the cycle for them.
Harrie Schippers: Yes. The biggest cost to operator truck is the driver. The fuel is a good second and if you can cut the fuel bill by 7% or 10%, that's huge. I think 10% is the highest reduction that DAF has seen in its entire history. And reducing that, like I said, the fuel bill by 10% makes any of our customers a lot more competitive. So they are looking forward to getting those new trucks.
Felix Boeschen: Appreciate the help. I'll leave it there.
Preston Feight: Great.
Operator: Your next question will come from Matt Elkott with Cowen. Please proceed.
Matthew Elkott: Hello. Thank you for taking my question. My first question just a quick one, you guys are now the only U.S.-based Class 8 truck manufacturer. Do you think this could in any way help you competitively in the U.S. Class 8 market longer-term?
Preston Feight: I don't know. We're proud of who we are and we're proud to be a great company. We love our Kenworth and Peterbilt operations here in Mexico, our DAF in Europe, our DAF in Brazil. So we feel like we represent the markets where we operate really well, have great relationships with our customers and dealers in those markets and that's how we think about the world.
Matthew Elkott: Okay. Got it. And then my next question is more on the vertical integration front, with next year looking like a strong production year, and with you guys and other OEMs allocating investment dollars along a whole host of new technologies, as well as core operations, do you think you might do less vertical integration of engines at least next year?
Preston Feight: I don't think of it that way at all. No, I think that we're making the investments where they make sense on a volume standpoint. We're continuing to grow our PACCAR Engine business, obviously, 60% of our sales are powertrains or our engine around the world and we continue to just making the right investments to bring the best products to the customer. I mean, it's elegant and it's simple. We just want the best things for our customers that will be good for PACCAR. And so our R&D and our thinking is to vertically integrate where makes sense, partner with others where it makes sense, and make sure that brings the best products out to our people using them.
Matthew Elkott: Great. Thank you very much.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Your next question will come from Jeff Kauffman with Vertical Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Jeffrey Kauffman: Thank you very much and congratulations on the quarter.
Preston Feight: Thank you.
Jeffrey Kauffman: A big topic out there is raw material parts inflation and I think we've talked about some of the challenges on the chip side and the supply chain and getting the trucks out. But I was really kind of impressed that the gross margins were what they were this quarter. And could you give us a feel for, are you seeing inflation in the – in your supply chain kind of when will that start to hit and flow through? And are we offsetting that with price? Are we offsetting that with anything? I just kind of want to get a sense because some of the other OEMs we've spoken to were kind of citing that but I didn't see it in your numbers.
Harrie Schippers: Yes. We are seeing inflation, of course, and raw material costs have gone up. But we're baking that into our pricing when we price new trucks to our customers and that's how we deal with that.
Jeffrey Kauffman: Okay. So now you wouldn't tell us brace for gross margins to come down a little on inflation in the second half. You feel like you're containing it in terms of what you're seeing in the market right now?
Harrie Schippers: Yes. That's probably the best way to think about it.
Jeffrey Kauffman: Okay, great. Well, congratulations. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from David Raso with Evercore. Please proceed.
David Raso: Hi. Thank you. My question is on the duration of the cycle. I mean, given this is a pretty unique supply constraint moment, your conversations with some of your largest customers, the larger fleets. What are they laying out for you when you try to look out a year or two thinking about potential growth or not beyond 2022 and maybe different conversation in Europe than in North America? I'm just trying to digest you're having to go back to key customers and understandably you maybe can't provide them everything they want today. How is that impacting their thought on their truck needs over the next, call it, 18 to 30 months?
Preston Feight: Sure. I think one of the things to think about is trucks are, as we talked about a lot in this call, becoming more and more efficient. And so I think their percentage of how they'll haul freight in the future beyond 18 and 30 months even is that they will continue to take a vast majority of the freight hauled around Europe, North America, around the world actually. So trucking is in a really good position for the world. Our customers are doing a fantastic job of becoming more efficient, but the demand is really, really high. And so, we and they, I'd say, expect that there'll be a strong market certainly through next year, which tied you to the 18 months. Beyond that, it's hard to say. But in essence, they're doing really well right now. They have all the freight that they can haul and the business is doing really well. So together everybody is doing fine.
David Raso: And when you think of the capacity in the industry, I mean, there's pinch points today but when folks start to think about how much the industry could build next year and then obviously that sets the bogey up for, can you grow off of that in 2023. I mean, understanding it's hard to analyze exactly, some of the chip issues when those will be resolved and so forth. But just as a framework, how do you think about build capacity for next year versus this year, just so we have a sense of – if you served all of the demand, how much could demand production grow next year?
Preston Feight: Sure. I don't want to kind of comment on other people's capacities. But I'll tell you is that, we have sufficient capacity in all of our markets to go up substantially and to meet the demand as needed. And so, we're looking forward to that as we get through this supply base issues, then we just look forward to the operation running really smoothly and build a lot of trucks next year.
David Raso: And last quick one on 3Q versus 2Q. The shutdowns that you would normally take in 3Q, given the dynamics out there, are those shutdowns still intended to take place?
Preston Feight: The shutdown we take in Europe is taking place indeed.
David Raso: Okay. Thank you very much. Appreciate the time.
Preston Feight: You bet. Have a good day.
Operator: Your next question is also a follow-up from Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Ann Duignan: Yes. Just building on David's question a little bit. We felt cancellations spike last month, maybe an industry problem or whatever, but can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing in terms of cancellations out there? And is there any risk that customers just say, too late or too expensive or whatever, I've decided, I don't need my trucks after all? If you could just give us some color on what you're seeing on the cancellation side, I'd appreciate it.
Preston Feight: Yes. Ann, I can't speak well to the industry. We are not seeing that. I can tell you that our order board has been solid. We aren't seeing cancellations. I think that probably has to do with the great products we're putting out. But there is really not – that's not a factor right now. We're seeing excellent demand and really, really strong request for more and more product from us.
Ann Duignan: But on the other hand, you do like to tell us what your share of orders was last quarter or at least in the first half of the year and what's your share backlog is? So maybe we could get at least that from you?
Preston Feight: Sure. Happily. We had 42% of the orders in the first half of the year.
Ann Duignan: And what's your share of the backlog then?
Preston Feight: I don't know that number off top of my head. I can tell you is that, as we see that kind of order intake, it's higher than our market share. And so things are in really good position from us from supporting customers from a order intake and demand standpoint.
Harrie Schippers: The share of the backlog at the end of June was 36%.
Ann Duignan: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Preston Feight: Yes. You bet. Have a good day Ann.
Ann Duignan: Thank you.
Operator: At this time, there are no other questions in queue. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Preston Feight: Sure. Just like to close by thanking everyone for the discussion today. I might think that the key points for us as we look at the business is, there is really strong demand in order intake as we just covered. We have fantastic new trucks all around the world. The finance team is setting records and has great momentum in their business. The Parts team is just killing it. It is an industry-leading team. They're bringing in new technology and customer focus and they really are going to keep driving record success. And so I'm just so proud of everyone at PACCAR and the great work they're doing. And we look forward to talking to all of you soon. And with that, we'll conclude and say thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR’s earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-27 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PACCAR’s First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today’s call is being recorded and if anyone has an objection you should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR’s Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR’s Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Preston Feight, Chief Executive Officer; Harrie Schippers, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Barkley, Senior Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls, we ask that any members of the media on the line participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. For additional information, please see our SEC filings and the Investor Relations page of paccar.com. I would now like to introduce Preston Feight.
Preston Feight: Good morning. Harrie Schippers, Michael Barkley, and I’ll update you on a very good first quarter results and business highlights. First, my sincere appreciation to PACCAR’s employees around the world for their dedication, hard work, and upbeat spirit, throughout the past years challenges they’ve delivered outstanding trucks and services that provide essential goods to our communities. Now, as the world moves forward, we have many reasons to be optimistic. In the first quarter, PACCAR achieved very good revenues and net income. PACCAR’s first quarter sales and financial services revenues increased 13% to $5.85 billion. And first quarter net income increased 31% to $470 million. PACCAR Parts increased its first quarter revenues to a record $1.16 billion, and Parts pretax profits were record $251 million, 17% higher than the same period last year. Truck and Parts gross margins increased from 12.6% to 13.4% in the first quarter. And PACCAR Financial had a great quarter, delivering excellent portfolio performance and achieving pretax income of $76 million. PACCAR is having a tremendous year of new product introductions. In February, Peterbilt and Kenworth launch beautiful new heavy duty truck models. The new Peterbilt Model 579 and Next Generation Kenworth T680 feature enhanced aerodynamics and power trains that deliver up to 7% higher fuel efficiency. They feature new LED headlights, new advanced driver assistance systems, and a state of the art interior with a 15-inch configurable digital display. Truck owners and drivers will appreciate these and many other features in these great new trucks. In April, Kenworth and Peterbilt introduced a new medium-duty truck lineup. These vehicles have an 8-inch wider cab, lower cab heights, which makes it easier to get into and out of the truck, best-in-class visibility for enhanced safety and a new premium interior with configurable dash displays. The new medium-duty trucks feature PACCAR’s PX-7 and PX-9 engines and the new PACCAR 8-speed automatic transmission. In April, DAF began producing CF Electric trucks, and Peterbilt and Kenworth expect to deliver their first production battery electric vehicles in the coming months. PACCAR has strategic partnerships with two electric vehicle battery providers, CATL and Romeo Power. These two excellent partners provide our customers with the right technology choice for their applications. As the U.S. economy recovers, GDP and industrial production are each projected to expand 6.3% this year. Consumer spending, the housing market and the automotive sectors have strengthened. Good freight tonnage, high truck utilization and a shortage of drivers has created strong demand for PACCAR’s premium trucks. The 2021 market size will be tempered by the industry-wide under supply of semiconductors. We estimate the U.S. and Canada Class 8 market to be in the range of 260,000 to 290,000 trucks. The UK and European economies are also expected to grow strongly. Economists project UK GDP to increase 4.8%, and European GDP to increase 4.2%. The 2021 European truck market is expected to increase to a range of 260,000 to 290,000 trucks. Harrie Schippers, will now provide an update on PACCAR Parts, PACCAR Financial Services and other business highlights. Harrie?
Harrie Schippers: Thanks Preston. PACCAR delivered 42,200 trucks during the first quarter. This was a 3% increase over fourth quarter production, despite an endless supply of semiconductors. This was enabled by all the efforts of PACCAR’s outstanding purchasing and production teams. Truck, Parts and Other gross margins improved to 13.4% in the first quarter. Second quarter production has a higher than normal level of uncertainty, depending on semiconductor supply, we anticipate second quarter global truck production to be similar to the first quarter with Truck, Parts and Other gross margins also, at first quarter levels. PACCAR Parts had an outstanding quarter, achieving revenues of $1.16 billion, which is 16% higher than the same period last year, by its pretax profits were a record $251 million, by its gross margins were robust 28.2%. PACCAR Parts benefited from strong freight demand and truck utilization, investments and distribution, initiatives such as all-makes parts and stores and a growing population of connected vehicles with PACCAR Engines. Ecommerce part sales increased more than 30% in the first quarter compared to the same quarter last year. Parts is a business in which speed of delivery is a major factor in customers purchasing decisions. Each new distribution center that we open increases sales capacity, parts availability, and delivery speed to customers and dealers, PACCAR will continue its investments in world class distribution by opening a new distribution center in Louisville, Kentucky next year. We expect second quarter parts sales to be similar to the strong first quarter, with full year parts sales up 15% to 18% compared to last year. PACCAR Financial Services benefited in the first quarter from strong new loan and lease business volumes, improved used truck prices and an excellent portfolio quality. Revenues were $432 million 13% higher than last year. Pretax income was $76 million 58% higher than last year. The excellent portfolio performance resulted in low-pass use of less than 0.5% at the end of March. In the first quarter, North American Kenworth and Peterbilt used truck pricing increased by 30% compared to a year ago. Kenworth and Peterbilt truck resale values continue to come out a premium over the competition. PACCAR Financial has been increasing its retail used truck center capacity, and now has 12 facilities worldwide. Selling used trucks at retail has resulted in higher prices and margins. PACCAR Financial plans to open another used truck retail center in Madrid, Spain later this year. PACCAR has invested $7.3 billion in new and expanded facilities, innovative products and new technologies during the past decade. Capital expenditures are projected to be $575 million to $625 million, and research and development expenses are estimated to be $350 million to $375 million this year. PACCAR is investing in many exciting projects. These include next generation truck models, zero emissions and ultra clean diesel power trains, advanced driver assistance and autonomous driving systems, connected vehicle services and enhanced production and distribution facilities. We thank our excellent independent Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF dealers for their support to our customers. Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF dealers are well capitalized and have invested $1.7 billion in their businesses in the last five years. These investments make a significant contribution to PACCAR’s truck market share and support the growth of PACCAR Parts and PACCAR Financial Services. Thank you. We'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from Steven Fisher with UBS. Your line is open.
Steven Fisher: Great, thanks. Good morning, guys. I just looking back historically, the deliveries in Q2 tend to be higher than Q1. So, just on your flat delivery expectations, are you anticipating kind of shutdowns already? And maybe what’s the risk that you can see that delivery number go to the upside for the quarter?
Preston Feight: Yes, Steve, good question. It’s something that we’re all looking at obviously. You think about the way the industry is working right now. There is an undersupply of semiconductors globally, that does affect the truck industry as well. It was what we – why we delivered 42,000 trucks in the first quarter, and I’m so proud of the teams all throughout PACCAR who brought that up from 40,000 to 42,000. So, nice job by all of them is really good work. We do expect that the undersupply will continue in the second quarter, and then begin to improve as we get into the second part of the year. So that could have some impact on our deliveries as we’re in the second quarter and that’s reflected in the flat deliveries for the second quarter.
Steven Fisher: Okay. And then I guess you have the same industry retail forecasts for U.S., Canada and Europe, can you just talk a little bit about the relative confidence you have in each market, any different risks that you see on either side where you might see more upside or more downside risk in either the markets?
Preston Feight: I think both of the markets are performing really well. Our customers are doing well. The economy is doing well. Utilization is high. Free tonnage is good. Spot rates are up. So, I think we see a good economy. There’s strong order intake. We’ve had 42% of the orders in the first quarter for Kenworth and Peterbilt in North America. So great order intake. We have a strong percentage of the backlog, 32% of the backlog. And so our confidence is pretty good that the industry will be able to have the demand for the products and probably build will be constrained by the supply as we look at the year.
Steven Fisher: Okay, thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet. Have a great day.
Steven Fisher: You too.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi, good morning, everyone.
Preston Feight: Good morning, Jerry.
Jerry Revich: I’m wondering if you could talk about on the new flagship truck products that you’re introducing here. It typically you folks see assembly efficiency gains when you have new product rollouts. I’m wondering if you just quantify what the increase in automation here is with the new models, and also, is there an increase in terms of proprietary parts content on these trucks versus the prior models, so you might be willing to quantify for us?
Preston Feight: Thanks for the question, Jerry. I mean, we are really excited about this year in terms of product launches. I can’t remember year we’ve had quite so many new product introductions, new T680 and Model 579, or one beautiful, but from a performance standpoint, up to 7%. Fuel-efficiency is going to mean a lot to our customers. So that’s going to be good for the business as well. Medium-Duty product is a brand new cab and tire new platform. It’s a fantastic truck, both for Class 5, 6 and 7 markets for Peterbilt and Kenworth. And there is a higher degree of automation in the product. So it has more robotic assembly, which is good for us, good for quality, and good for our customers. And there is more proprietary part count in the medium-duty and heavy-duty trucks as well. So that’s all really good things for I think everyone.
Jerry Revich: And Preston, any chance, you might be willing to quantify those two pieces, how much labor hours per truck expected to be down? And what’s the magnitude of increase in proprietary parts? Would you be willing to flesh that out for us?
Preston Feight: I can’t really flesh that out for you in simple. Maybe if we were together, we could spend some time thinking about it. But I think it’s a more complicated and simple answer, Jerry.
Jerry Revich: Okay, I appreciate that. And then nice to see the momentum on ecommerce. Can you just frame for us what’s ecommerce revenue share of your Parts business today? And is it more profitable than conventional orders, can you talk about that please?
Preston Feight: The biggest thing with ecommerce is really that the world is changing, as we all know and have experienced especially in the past year and we have a great new ecommerce system in place which makes it very easy for people to order parts, find like parts in the – in models or even for other OEs parts. You can do that in your handheld device. You can do it in your laptop. And so the system is fantastic and that’s what’s causing the growth and up to 30% increase we’ve seen in ecommerce sales. So, we just see that as a foundation to what we’re doing, and it is continuing to grow as part of the business. And we think, it’s just – it’s a convenience and strength for the Parts business in general.
Jerry Revich: Okay. And lastly, I’m wondering if you could talk about as you look at your supply base, what’s the critical count of suppliers that you’re monitoring where we might see the issues that we’re seeing on the microchip side is how, in other words, how concerning is the broader supply chain picture, outside of the semiconductor shortage that we’re obviously experiencing?
Preston Feight: I’d start by saying we have a great set of supply base partners for us and around the world. They do an amazing job of trying to supply PACCAR and supplying PACCAR. This specific issue semiconductors comes back to just a handful. And so it’s in that handful that we have our concentration, and they’re located around the world. And we’re working closely with our first-tier suppliers and our second-tier suppliers on this, and looking for ways to solve problems, and we’ve come up with some good solutions. And we keep working for the future to get it all put behind us.
Jerry Revich: Okay, terrific, I appreciate discussion. Thank you.
Preston Feight: Yes, you bet. Take care.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ann Duignan with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ann Duignan: Yes. Good morning, everybody. Can you talk a little bit – it looked like your deliveries were up quarter-over-quarter in the U.S., Canada versus down quarter-over-quarter in Europe? Can you just talk about the supply chain issues in both regions? It does seem like it’s more exacerbated in Europe is that what you’re seeing also? And then beyond semiconductor chips can you talk about input costs and pricing power whether higher steel prices, I know you’re more of an assembler, et cetera, et cetera. But, if current input costs prevail, how much pricing power do you have, given where your backlog is and where your share of orders are right? I know there’s a lot embedded in there. Sorry, but…
Preston Feight: That’s great. Yes, it’s fine. To begin with on your EU, North America question on the semiconductors, I would say that there isn’t really any differentiation, this all kind of can come back to the really just a handful of suppliers that make wafers and then those translate out into another handful of suppliers who make semiconductors and those are distributed globally for all industries, obviously. I know you’re really well aware of how the auto and truck industry both are using those components and are affected by it. And we don’t see differentiation between the EU and North America. It’s really about which chipset is used in whichever vehicle and that’s ubiquitous across markets. From a cost standpoint, that second part of your question. Certainly there’s, raw materials impacts in cost recently, without steel or aluminum. That’s also true on resins, as we saw in the first quarter, which affect plastics. There is good backlog across PACCAR in the industry. And so we do start to see pricing advantage in that. And we think that it’s kind of balanced well right now.
Ann Duignan: So, your backlog does include some price increases to offset higher input costs, is that how I should interpret that answer?
Preston Feight: Yes, you should, that’s a good interpretation.
Ann Duignan: Okay. I’ll leave it there. Since my questions were longwinded. Thank you.
Preston Feight: Take care, Ann.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Raso with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
David Raso: Hi, thank you for the time.
Preston Feight: Hey, David.
David Raso: Hey, good morning. The scenario that you lay out for the year and the industry sales, you’re willing to increase your outlook. But where do you see just trying to think about 2022 a little bit the setup? Where do you see year-end inventory versus how we wanted to find the historical norms and so forth. And then second part is the inability to ship as many trucks as you would like, or the industry would like, how that play into the stronger parts outlook, because obviously, you raise that parts outlook fairly? Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet, David. From an inventory standpoint, as we think about it, inventory is relatively tight. Right now the industry is at 1.9 months, we’re at 1.7 months. I wouldn’t expect to see a lot of change in that through the year given the demand that’s out there for product. So, I think we would enter 2022 and kind of a similar fashion. As I mentioned earlier, there’s a strong economy, they’re strong truck markets, and in working with our customers they have, they have the desire for our great trucks that we just have introduced. So, we see that carrying through, I think, because there is limitations and build in the first half of the year. It’s rational to think that there is a lift in parts, just because people are running their trucks for longer periods of time. And that’s advantageous to us. And I also think that it has to do with the great systems a team has built I mean, I probably can’t overstate how stronger job our team has done putting in distribution centers that are close to our dealers, making it easy for people to get parts the same day building this ecommerce system, introducing TRP parts and stores, which serves the all-make market very well, plus all those factors are important in the performance of the record setting performance or parts team delivered.
David Raso: And for some quantification of your answer for the 1.7 months, that PACCAR add for their inventory, and let’s say that remains throughout the year until year-end, how would you quantify that versus, quote normal or your desired levels? And if you can sort of quantify the parts revenue increase? How much, was that interplay from last new sales?
Preston Feight: I would – let me take your second part first, and I think the biggest percentage of the parts performance is the team and the business of parts and our dealers, and relationships with our customers. I think that’s overwhelming. I couldn’t quite quantify beneath that. So and then from your first part of your question on inventory, I think that inventory is less than normal. But, it’s not an order of magnitude less, it’s just less, so it’s probably a fair enough way to characterize it, David.
David Raso: All right. Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes, thanks. Hi guys.
Preston Feight: Hi, Nicole.
Nicole DeBlase: On production out – presume that you’re kind of assuming that each geography is flattish from a production perspective. Q-on-Q, is that the right way to point that?
Preston Feight: Yes, that’s probably fair to look at it, it will depend a lot on where we – if we have spot shortages of parts that would have some impact, but for your generalization, yes, I agree with you.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay, got it. And then you said on the 13.5%, gross margin in 2Q make [Technical Difficulty] as we move into the second half, and some of these supply chain issues abate, and hopefully productions able to step up again, with the strong backlog, how do you guys think about the ability to improve gross margins as we move into the second half?
Preston Feight: Sure, I’ll ask you. I’ll take the second part of your question. We had some cutting out on the first part of your question, if you can ask that, again, after we go through this one. But as we began with, as we look at the margin performance, we’re really pleased with the year-over-year growth and the sequential growth that we experienced in gross margins and teams are doing a good job in that. We think is a situation gets resolved in supply bases and gets ameliorated in the second half of the year, then we will see improvements in margin. We have build capacity, and we think that there’ll be just instructional for all of us to think of margins improving in the second half. And then if you could help me back with the first part of your question.
Nicole DeBlase: You actually, you captured the whole spirit of it so go ahead and pass it on. Thank you.
Preston Feight: Wonderful. Have a good day.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joel Tiss with BMO. Your line is open.
Joel Tiss: Hey, guys, how’s it going?
Preston Feight: Good, Joel, how you doing?
Joel Tiss: All right. So, I wonder, can we just talk a little bit about sort of shape of cycle, can the industry meet these zero emission mandates by 2024 and 2025 without kind of over the road with just doing, refuse and port trucks and things like that? Can you help us understand how the cycle looks?
Preston Feight: Well, I think there’s two questions in there. One is the shape of the cycle and then one is electrification strategy. I’d say on the – where we’re at in the performance of the truck market is, I think we’re just at the beginning of a really nice steady growth in the truck market, things are going well, our business is doing well, customers are doing well. And just to complement that, and in a very important complement as these great new trucks we’re introducing, the new medium-duty and the new heavy-duty trucks are going to be fantastic for our customers. So, I think that’s going to help PACCAR in the coming months and years actually. So, I would say that’s an important story. The second part of your question was around electrification, and I would say that there, we have great products. We outlined a little bit that in earnings release on share with you that our thoughts are – as we have partnerships with CATL. And we have partnerships with Romeo Power and battery pack production, cell production for us, which gives us an array of different technologies we can put into battery electric vehicles. That’s important, because that enables us to meet different applications for customers. Some people will use a truck for one, eight hours a day and then park it overnight and can charge it overnight, others want multiple charge cycles in a day that requires different battery types. So, we have that capability built into our systems, which will give us a strong product offering, that product offering will enable us to meet the demands of California, the 15 states or anything else, whether it’s port drayage, medium-duty or heavy-duty trucks.
Joel Tiss: Okay, great. Thank you.
Preston Feight: Great. Have a good day.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Wertheimer with Melius Research. Your line is open.
Robert Wertheimer: Hi, thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Preston Feight: Good morning.
Robert Wertheimer: I have two questions. One is just a simple one, you probably saw a Scandinavian competitor reported pretty good orders in Europe, and obviously COVID and an inventory there’s a lot of disruption going on. Just wonder if you could characterize as European like there’s real and profound underlying strength in new orders, the extent you’re willing to comment?
Preston Feight: Sure, I think that we do feel there’s real underlying strength in the orders. We work closely with our customers and our dealers, these are personal relationships, and we know them all. And we pay close attention to what that, what their needs are. So yes, we definitely have a clear eye on their needs, and the backlog.
Robert Wertheimer: Perfect. So it’s not just a catch up work, it’s perfect. I think questions a little bit more profound, and I’m not sure how far you’re going to be willing to go on it. But you saw two simple kind of throughout a revenue share, or cents per mile kind of idea on autonomous, you guys are obviously working with folks on autonomous. I wonder if you’ll characterize what the potential revenue streams for PACCAR are as the years go by, I assume as higher content per vehicle maybe it’s a decent margin, maybe there’s some autonomous revenues that didn’t get shared or service revenues or whatever. Just wondering about if you could give us any update on the strategy there and the timeline, the potential in terms of revenue for PACCAR? Thank you.
Preston Feight: Sure. On the strategy standpoint, we have a great partnership with Aurora. They’re really strong to work with, and we’re enjoying that early on. Our teams are together all the time. Our leadership teams are together talking about how we’re going to develop these vehicles, and they’re very complicated vehicles, we’d all understand that. We also continue to have good partnerships with the other startups in the valley, others that are using our production working with us on developing autonomous platforms. So, our strategy is to work with the best of the best, and to contribute an autonomous vehicle platform, which has a lot of technology in it. And then we would provide that to the market space. And that market space would be able to end up relying eventually on PACCAR’s product lines and autonomous vehicle platforms in partnership with the autonomous driver to help our customers out and we think it’s really going to work well. As far as predicting revenue streams, I feel like it’s a little bit early for that. I feel like there’s a lot of development work. There’s a lot of regulations, societal work, that needs to be taken care of first and I think we should let that sort itself out before making projections that are sure to be wildly wrong at this point.
Robert Wertheimer: Understandable. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning. I guess just two follow-up questions. One, I think last quarter, when you talked about costs associated with COVID, you were embedding sort of 40 bps of margin headwind, in your numbers, is that sort of tracking where you thought or what are the expectations for the rest of the year? And then just to follow-up on Rob’s questions on the orders with Peterbilt and Kenworth, I think you said, you’re 42% on the order book, just trying to understand, how sustainable that is? Is it just the new products? Or what’s driving that market share growth? And are you concerned at all that there’s double ordering in the order book just given the markets concerned about supply chain? Thanks.
Preston Feight: On the COVID cost side, Jamie, I think those costs as a percentage have definitely come down over the quarters, and we expect those costs to continue to come down. We do see some more expense last quarter, and probably also in the second quarter associated with the undersupply of certain components, and the inefficiency that those costs. And then going forward, we’ll also have some startup costs for the new products. But those new products will definitely generate stronger margins for us going forward.
Jamie Cook: Okay, that’s helpful. And then just the orders, the sustainability of it and just concerned if there’s any sort of double ordering just because it concerns on supply chain.
Preston Feight: I think we kind of tried to talk about that. I think we feel like, we know the customers well work with them and feel like the order board is solid. I mean, this is good backlog. I mean, we have confidence in it.
Jamie Cook: Okay, thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chad Dillard with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Chad Dillard: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Preston Feight: Good morning, Chad.
Chad Dillard: So, can you talk about your price cost assumptions as we go through the year? Maybe you can share your first half, the second half and how you’re thinking about that?
Preston Feight: So, think about it, I mean, we mentioned that we’re starting to price realization that’s occurring, and we would expect that to continue through the year. And that’s generally how we think about it.
Chad Dillard: All right. And then can you talk about your EDR book today, how far does it stretch and just remind us when you think you’re going to hit high volume production in that product line?
Preston Feight: I think that that for us right now, it’s simply about getting the right semiconductor supply in the second quarter. And as that stabilizes, we’ll see builds increase. And that’s how we’re thinking about it good order book, good backlog, great production teams, did a good job able to raise production in the first quarter over the fourth. And we think that that’s kind of the trend for the year.
Chad Dillard: Got it. Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Gilardi with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Ross Gilardi: Hey, good morning guys.
Preston Feight: Hi, how are you doing?
Ross Gilardi: Great, thank you. Just a couple of questions. Just on the semiconductors, Preston, I mean, what gives you confidence that they will in fact be more readily available in the third quarter? I mean, a lot of the recent news flows seems to suggest that tightness could be longer lasting, and previously assumed, I mean, are you actually seeing or hearing anything that supports the view that they’re going to become more readily available in the second half and then in terms of general procurement practices? Do you see yourselves entering to – into more long term supply agreements for semiconductors or any of your other critical inputs just to cope with this it seems to be some real widespread tightness across any number of different components.
Preston Feight: Yes. If I think when I look at it, if I think about the third quarter in our confidence recovery, you’d have to put into construct the fact that there have been a couple unique circumstances in the first quarter, there was a storm in Texas, which took two plants down in the Austin area. And so that’s a big impact. And then there was a fire at a supplier in Japan that had a big impact. So, as those facilities are able to recover, that will certainly be held. And I think that there’s also been a lot of good work by the way for manufacturers and understanding the need. So those together, along with their suppliers, forecasts, gives us confidence that we’ll see improvement into the third and fourth quarters, I don’t think tightness is going to be eliminated, but I just anticipate that there’ll be improvements.
Harrie Schippers: where PACCAR has done really well is that we early on or get already gave a very reliable future outlook of our needs to our supply base. So that also means that there when things start to recover, that we will get priority in those deliveries, that’s what we’re assuming.
Preston Feight: And then second part of your question, you asked about procurement practices and Harrie just said we do a good job with forecasting, we also do a good job of working with the second tier suppliers in our needs, so that we can have good supply.
Ross Gilardi: Okay, got it. And then can you talk a little bit more about this new medium-duty transmission that you discussed? And this is sounds a good product you’re making in house versus sourcing x currently from the Allison’s of the world, but just want to verify that is it a fully automatic or an AMT? And just watch the longer plan on – longer term plan on transmissions are you going to win source, more of your transmissions, much like you’ve done with your engines?
Preston Feight: We have great partnerships and our transmission suppliers around the world. And this will be a – this is a fully automatic transmission, the torque converter in it. So that’s going to be a great help for our customers. It goes up to 1000 foot pounds of torque, 380 horsepower, so it fits perfectly into the medium-duty space. It’ll give us the aftermarket part stream that is really advantageous to us. And it allows us to integrate into the power train in a very efficient way to help optimize performance for our customer. So, all that together is good for PACCAR and good for our customers.
Ross Gilardi: And Preston you’re saying you have great partnerships with your suppliers, but is this – are you making this internally or someone making it for you?
Preston Feight: We are partnered with ZF on this.
Ross Gilardi: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Elkott with Cowen. Your line is open.
Matt Elkott: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I know you guys – it’s good to hear that you that the order – the quality of orders seems to be pretty solid here. But I wanted to ask the question from a different angle, from your conversations with customers and dealers, do you have any reason to be concerned that do that a driver shortage even though demand for equipment is there, you might see some cancellations because of people’s inability to see trucks?
Preston Feight: I guess you could build that scenario, but no, we don’t. This to be simple with that we don’t see that happening. We see their strong demand for the trucks. We see their strong demand for our use trucks as well, which means that there is a need for freight movement and the economy is doing well, which means people are buying things and that is likely to continue. So, our premium trucks could use truck business, good order board. All bodes well for a steady good future.
Matt Elkott: Got it. That’s really helpful. And just one more question on the technology front. You guys have been investing quite a bit in house and through partnerships in technologies, but given the increasing interest in technology, whether its autonomy or new energy technologies, would you consider kind of taking another look at your acquisition strategy and maybe consider acquiring companies instead of the partnership model that you’ve gone with so far?
Preston Feight: We look at all options. We don’t have a single strategy. And we just take the best approach that we think is going to provide the best returns for our customers and bring the right technologies to bear with the right economies of scale on a global level.
Matt Elkott: Got it? Thank you very much.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Salmon with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Rob Salmon: Hey, good morning, guys. And thanks for taking the question.
Preston Feight: You bet. Happy too.
Rob Salmon: With regard to your delivery outlook, obviously, there’s some supply chain challenges that you’ve talked about earlier. Can you give us a sense of kind of the monthly cadence? Is it pretty similar throughout the second quarter? Or are you expecting an uptick kind of later in the quarter just to give us a sense of upside and downside risk?
Preston Feight: Rob, I think it’s a little hard to characterize that I think the teams are moving things around. And we’re talking with suppliers. So as there’s parts that come available, and they’ve done a good job of finding parts, and we’re able to increase the cadence of delivery and other times we’ve – having to moderate that. And so it’s hard to get to in a monthly basis.
Rob Salmon: Okay, but it’s not outsize way into the second half of the quarter. Is that a fair characterization or?
Preston Feight: No, no, it’s not. It’s just depends upon the chip and the supplier and where it sits. And then things coming back, maybe a way to think about it for is, these things come in batches as they’re produced. So, you might get a batch of parts, which alleviates the supply constraint then you might be tight for a little while somewhere else. So, think of it more like that. But it’s not a continuous flow.
Rob Salmon: Got it. Helpful. So kind of the red-tagging effect, if you will, and ability to kind of make up or accelerate or decelerate depending on kind of how the supply chain is working. I guess looking out in terms of the – you talked a little bit earlier about kind of some of the new electrification partnerships that you guys have, when I’m thinking about kind of like the early models with regard to electrification, how should I think about the PACCAR kind of proprietary part next initially? And then how do you see that evolving overtime?
Preston Feight: Question, I think it’s going to evolve overtime to be higher content as we move along as volumes increase, and economies of scale make sense to do that. So, we have great partners, and that’s working really well at the end. We talked previously about 100s of trucks into the 1000s of trucks and as it grows then we’ll see probably higher prepared content come along with it.
Rob Salmon: Really appreciate the color. Thanks guys.
Preston Feight: Yes. You bet.
Operator: There are no other questions in queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Preston Feight: We’d like to thank everyone for joining the call and thank you, Lindsay.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR’s earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-26 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in the listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings : Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Preston Feight, Chief Executive Officer; Harrie Schippers, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Barkley, Senior Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls, we ask that any members of the media on the line participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general, economic and competitive conditions that may expect -- may affect expected results. For additional information, please see our SEC filings on the Investor Relations page of paccar.com. I would now like to introduce Preston Feight.
Preston Feight : Hey, good morning, everyone. Harry Schippers, Michael Barkley, and I will update you on our good fourth quarter and full year 2020 results as well as provide you an update on other business highlights. First, I really appreciate our outstanding PACCAR employees around the world. Their focus on safety and health throughout the pandemic continues to be outstanding as they deliver the highest quality trucks and transportation solutions to our customers. In 2020, PACCAR achieved annual revenues of $18.7 billion and good net income of $1.3 billion. PACCAR's performance benefited from a recovery in truck demand to normal levels in the second half of the year and strong performance from our trucks, Parts and Financial Services divisions. PACCAR has achieved 82 consecutive years of net income. The company has paid a dividend every year since 1941, and has delivered annual dividends of approximately half of net income for many years. In 2020, PACCAR declared dividends of $1.98 per share. PACCAR's fourth quarter revenues were $5.6 billion, and fourth quarter net income increased to $406 million. PACCAR Parts achieved fourth quarter revenues of $1.70 billion and record pre-tax profits of $223 million, which was an 8% increase compared to the same period last year. PACCAR delivered 40,700 trucks during the fourth quarter compared to $36,000 in the third quarter. In the first quarter of 2021, we expect deliveries to be 10% higher than the fourth quarter due to stronger markets and higher customer demand for Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF grade trucks. In 2020, U.S. and Canadian Class 8 truck retail sales were 216,500 units. Kenworth and Peterbilt's combined Class 8 market share increased to 30.1%, and medium-duty share increased to a record 22.6%. For 2021, the U.S. economy and industrial production are projected to expand by about 4%. The strengthening economy, low fuel prices and high volumes of freight are good for the truck industry. We estimate the 2021 U.S. and Canada Class 8 truck market to increase to a range of 250,000 to 280,000 vehicles. European above 16 tonne truck registrations were 230,500 last year, and DAF achieved strong market share of 16.3%. In 2021, the European economies are projected to continue growing, and we expect the above 16-tonne truck registrations to increase to a range of 250,000 to 280,000. The South American above 16 tonne truck industry registrations were 93,000 last year. In Brazil, DAF increased its share of the greater than 16-tonne market from 4.3% to a record 5.7%. In 2021, the South American market is expected to increase to a range of 100,000 to 110,000 units. Truck and parts gross margins were 12.6% in the fourth quarter. We estimate first quarter truck and parts gross margins to increase to around 13.5%.  PACCAR takes a rigorous approach to controlling costs throughout all phases of the business cycle and continues to deliver industry-leading margins. Last week, we announced a strategic partnership with Aurora, a leader in autonomous driving technology. This partnership will integrate PACCAR's autonomously enabled truck platform with the Aurora self-driving sensor and software system. The goal of this collaboration is to create a commercially viable autonomous truck that enhances safety and operational efficiency for PACCAR's customers.  PACCAR’s zero-emission vehicles continue to lead the industry. Our zero-emissions vehicles have accumulated nearly 500,000 miles. Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF battery electric trucks are beginning production in the second quarter of this year, and we're continuing in the development of hydrogen fuel cell powered zero-emissions vehicles. Last year, PACCAR was again recognized as a global leader in environmental practices by the reporting firm CDP, which places PACCAR in the top 15% of over 9,500 reporting companies. And the Women in Trucking organization ordered our PACCAR corporate office, Peterbilt, Kenworth, PACCAR Parts and Dynacraft as a top place for women to work. Kenworth and Peterbilt received a total of 5 manufacturing leadership awards from the National Association of Manufacturers and the DAF XF are in the Fleet Truck of the Year 2020 Award in the United Kingdom.  There are a multitude of exciting things happening around PACCAR. And Harrie Schippers will now provide an update on PACCAR Parts, PACCAR Financial Services and PACCAR's investments in future growth. Harrie?
Harrie Schippers : Thanks, Preston. In 2020, PACCAR Parts generated excellent annual revenues of more than $3.9 billion and annual pretax profit of $799 million. Fourth quarter Parts revenues were a record $1.70 billion, and quarterly pre-tax profit was a record $223 million. One of the great things about PACCAR Parts is that it provides steady profitability through all phases of the business cycle. PACCAR has increased market shares over the years resulting in a greater number of truck and powertrain parts opportunities.  PACCAR Parts' excellent long-term growth reflects investments in distribution and technology. PACCAR Parts has expanded its global network to 18 distribution centers and is currently constructing another facility in Louisville, Kentucky. PACCAR Parts' investment and leadership and e-commerce technologies proved valuable last year as e-commerce retail sales increased by 25%. In 2021, we estimate Part sales to grow by 7% to 9%.  PACCAR Financial Services achieved 2020 annual revenues of $1.57 billion; annual pre-tax income of $223 million and portfolio assets of $15.8 billion. The percentage of PACCAR truck sales financed by PACCAR Financial Services increased from 25% to 28% last year. The portfolio continues to perform well with low past dues and low credit losses. Pre-tax finance income increased from $55 million in the third quarter to $64 million in the fourth quarter. PACCAR Financial added used truck centers in Denton, Texas; Lyon, France and Prague, Czech Republic last year. And we'll open a new used truck center in Madrid, Spain this year. Across PACCAR, last year, we invested $570 million in capital and $274 million in R&D. In 2021, we're planning to increase capital investments to the range of $575 million to $625 million, and R&D expenses will grow to be in the range of $350 million to $375 million. These capital and R&D projects will develop the next-generation of fuel-efficient diesel powertrains, zero-emissions vehicles as well as advanced driver assistance systems, autonomous vehicles, connected services, and cutting-edge manufacturing capabilities.  PACCAR has started 2021 with strong momentum. The truck and parts businesses are growing. Kenworth, Peterbilt and market share is increasing, and we're investing in new trucks and technologies that will deliver enhanced operational efficiency, safety and environmental benefits to our customers.  Thank you. We'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Joel Tiss with BMO.
Joel Tiss : Can you talk a little bit about -- I think your European market share hit 17% at some point, and now it's a little more than 15%. Can you just talk about what's going on there?
Preston Feight : Sure. The record we've had in Europe was 16.7%. This is actually our second best year in our history. So that's up a tenth from last year, and we have strong momentum as we enter into the 2021 timeframe. So it's really a good year for the European team in market share. And we have market leadership in a number of countries including Great Britain, a lot of countries in Eastern Europe, and we grew share in principal markets like France as well.
Joel Tiss : All right. And I have a lot of questions. So maybe I'll just try to glue 2 together to cheat a little bit here. The size of the -- can you talk a little bit about the size of the EV market today and maybe in 2025 or a couple of years down the road? And what are examples of next-gen manufacturing and distribution? I was trying to think of what you meant there, but I couldn't figure it out. And then I'll leave it to everyone else.
Preston Feight : Well, let's talk about the electric vehicles or zero-emissions vehicles first. If we look at the world around us right now, the most important thing that we're doing at PACCAR is having the right technologies in place. So we've spent considerable amount of time and energy, bringing to market battery electric vehicles that fit the zero-emissions class, both in Europe and North America, both for our medium-duty and our heavy-duty products, and the key there is making sure we have the right technology and the right leverage for those products as we move forward. So we've done a good job with that. As we shared last time, we announced the sale of the product. And now we're going to production with those trucks beginning in the second quarter. As far as volumes go of those, as we shared last time, we expect that the industry will have volumes in the hundreds in the coming year or 2 and then as we get to the 2025 timeframe, like you referenced, that might grow into the thousands. And we would expect that we'll have a good market share representation as the industry comes along. The most important thing, again, right now is make sure we have great technology. And I got to say I'm really excited about the products we're bringing to market.  So on the second point of advanced manufacturing, what we're really talking about there is how we have a connected factory. So if we look at how the factory works together, what kind of data analytics we're sharing within the -- in the factories, how the robotics work together and making sure that we just enhance to an even higher degree already excellent quality. 
Harrie Schippers : And I think just to add to that, our new paint shop in Chillicothe, Ohio that will open this year is an excellent example of that. So on top of the things that Preston said, it also will be a lot more environmental-friendly. It will be the most modern campaign facility in the industry.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research.
Rob Wertheimer: My question is on gross margin, and thank you for the outlook in the 1Q. You're improving from the 3Q, 4Q levels into 1Q. Can you describe what the dynamic is? Is that maybe there's quantifiable COVID supply chain or otherwise costs that are fading, maybe it's mix, maybe it's pricing. What was weighing on the last half of ‘20 and what's getting better? 
Preston Feight : Sure. I'm happy to take that. The biggest thing that's affecting gross margins is being in this global pandemic. And the fact that we have made sure rigorously that safety of our employees is the most important priority for ourselves, it’s number one, number 2 and number 3. So there is additional costs associated with that for us, but not just for us, it also goes along with the supply base. So that has obviously had some margin impact to us. There is raw material pricing effects that we're seeing. As we see the economies recover on a global level. And we're at this different point in the cycle than we have been. We're just starting to see the truck market recovery. And so that has an impact as well. Harrie anything to add?
Harrie Schippers : Yes. So we're improving to 13.5% in the first quarter is a nice improvement. And it's been -- we continue to achieve the highest margin in the industry.
Rob Wertheimer: And is there anything from the COVID that you've got straightened out? I mean, obviously, in 6 months, hopefully, this is relevant, I understand that. But I mean, I'm just a little bit curious if there's anything sort of driving the sequential, and I'll stop there? 
Preston Feight : Figured out, again, the most important thing is safety. And so we have figured that out. We've been able to provide a great safe environment for our people. And that's been the most important priority for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Thein with Citigroup.
Tim Thein: Just maybe to take that gross margin question a step further and thinking beyond the first quarter. Typically, there's -- there can be impacts, I think, especially in kind of early stages of an upcycle like this or you have some customer mix impacts in the first quarter, whether it's dealers placing more stock orders and maybe get a little bit heavier small customer sales flowing into that first quarter, whereas you get some of the larger fleets start to take delivery in the spring. So is that -- would you expect that to be a -- is just as we think about first quarter impacts potentially moving beyond, is that -- is it meaningful? Or is it just kind of gets washed out?
Preston Feight : I think there's a lot of factors that play into what the second, third, fourth quarter will be, it will depend on the strength of recovery and how the market continues. You mentioned some good points. Those are true things that mix can have an effect on things. We've also seen some of the larger customers, be the people that continued buying in the fourth quarter and through the first quarter. So there's offsetting factors in that.
Tim Thein : Okay. Good. Preston, I was interested to see the -- maybe you've disclosed it before, but the comment that you included in the release on the T680, fuel cell electric, having 350 mile range. And I'm just curious, and obviously, I would assume that you would expect that over time to probably not stay at that level and potentially increase. But I guess the question is, what -- do you have a sense for what -- maybe what percentage of either your truckload or -- I don't know, that potentially LTL customer base is -- what could that be relevant to in terms of just -- obviously, the trend over time has been towards more of a shorter length of haul. So I guess I'm just curious, what percent of the customer set, do you think a 350-mile range vehicle could be relevant to? 
Preston Feight : Yes. What I would say is that the technologies that are being evaluated right now, batteries and fuel cell, both have capacity to expand range, just takes more batteries or takes more fuel cells. So range is really about how much space you take up on the truck. And the energy density at this point in time is higher for fuel cells, for hydrogen fuel cells. So that’s advantage they have, of course both types of solutions need the infrastructure development and infrastructural development, and how close charging stations are for either system will decide how much range you need on the vehicle. So I think it's a little early to tell what's going to happen and which technology will play out in which markets.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank.
Nicole DeBlase : Maybe just starting with a little bit more detail around the commentary on 1Q, the 10% forecasted increase in production. Can you guys just talk about -- is that kind of across geographies? Any comment you have on U.S. versus Europe versus rest of world?
Preston Feight : Sure. Good question, and it kind of is across geographies. We see increases in the North American market. Kenworth and Peterbilt are doing really well, have strong order intake, and the same is true and off. Both economies have strong freight activity. Trucks are moving and is good order intake right now.
Nicole DeBlase : Okay. Got it. And then just on the Parts business. Pleasantly surprised by the acceleration there into the fourth quarter on the top-line. Can you just talk a little bit about sustainability about strength into next year or some sort of sense of what you guys are thinking for Parts revenue growth in 2021?
Preston Feight : Yes. I think that if you look at our Parts, they just did a fantastic job in the past year, and for the past several years, really, of not just serving our customers but creating creative solutions for our customers. One of the things we talked about and mentioned was e-commerce. They've created a state of the art system where you can go online and get your parts, it makes it a lot easier. We made investments in the distribution network so that next-day delivery and even same-day delivery parts has increased in the percentages. And they just do a fantastic job of taking care of all the different kinds of customers, meeting their needs, which is bringing business to them. So we do think that growth will continue in the coming years for our parts team at kind of a similar rate.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies.
Stephen Volkmann : Just a quick follow-up on that one. Should we also expect gross margins in that Parts business to continue to expand as well in this scenario?
Preston Feight : Well, I think the gross margins we enjoy in Parts are very high, and we'd expect them to continue to be very high, Steve. So we'll look for that to continue through -- certainly through the quarter and year.
Stephen Volkmann : Okay. And then kind of my broader question, Preston, is just about how you as are looking at the year? I'm assuming that the first quarter will be sort of the low delivery quarter of the year and things will sort of slowly grow as the year progresses to kind of hit your industry targets. Please disagree if that's not the way you're thinking about it. But I'm curious if we should also think about the first quarter as kind of the low gross margin quarter as well in the truck business? 
Preston Feight : I think we're at the beginning of the cycle right now, where you look at where we're coming out of and where we're going to, obviously, we have better clarity on the first quarter than we do the second, third and fourth quarter. So right now, the quarter is full and bill. We have great visibility in the second quarter. As it stands, we'd expect 3 and 4 to go that way, but there's a lot of time between now and then. So maybe your modeling is right, but I think it's a little early to kind of call the latter part of the year.
Stephen Volkmann : Okay. Maybe just conceptually then a different way, you guys have done quite a bit of work on the Parts business and on the cost structure to some extent. I guess I'm just curious if you running the company, kind of expect overall margins to be higher this cycle than they were in the previous cycle?
Preston Feight : Well, I think we've made some good investments. We have some great things happening right now. So I think the recovery in gross margins of 13.5% that we're seeing will be around in the first quarter is good progress. And then I'd share with you that this is going to be a really exciting year for PACCAR in terms of new product introductions. So in the coming months, both in the United States and Canada, as well as in Europe, we have some big introductions that we think will be really helpful to our company growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook : I guess a couple of questions. One on the fourth quarter. Can you just provide any granularity on sort of pricing or mix dynamics in the quarter? I think pricing was slightly negative last quarter. So if you could help us out on that front. So I guess I'll start with that, and then I'll ask my follow-up.
Preston Feight: Pricing was very, very stable, maybe slightly down in the fourth quarter. But pretty normal for where we are in the cycle right now.
Jamie Cook : Okay. And was there anything else like related to mix or anything besides the pricing commentary that impacted the fourth quarter? And then I guess my follow-up question, just as I have you is, just any additional color you can provide on the R&D increase, where the spend is going, how much of that can be attributed to the recent announcement with Aurora on the autonomous side?
Preston Feight: Yes. Jamie, thanks for the question. On the pricing side, you look at just a little bit of it is cycle timing and just where we're at and how much backlog there has been. And so we're seeing improvement in that as we go through this year now. I would say there has been commodity cost increases, which has had some impact. And obviously, the effects of managing the pandemic has had some effect. So those are kind of the key factors you look at pricing. As we see some opportunities in that, we look forward to those opportunities.  And then in terms of your second question, can you repeat what you're specifically looking for there? 
Jamie Cook : My question was -- yes. Just adding additional color you can provide on the R&D spend, I know we increased it a little from what we said last quarter and how much of that, if any, is attributed to Aurora? Any color you can provide on that?
Preston Feight : Sure. I would share kind of the same thought I should receive is that we have a lot of great things happening right now in the company in terms of new product introductions that we'll see this year. And some of that R&D spending is in support of those really exciting products that you'll get to hear about shortly. And also, we have a great focus on technology. We mentioned in the comments for our factories, but also in the space of zero-emissions vehicles and connected services and autonomous vehicle development and ADAS Level 2 projects. So we have a lot of great things going on that, that build for a strong future.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Ann Duignan : Maybe you could give us some color on your outlook for both regions. What you think the biggest drivers are going to be, whether it's line haul in the U.S., whether it's severe service? Just some color on both North America and Europe, maybe Europe by region also as well as mix? 
Preston Feight : Sure. Let's just start with the U.S. Canada markets and say that we have good housing starts. The auto industry is performing well, expected to perform even better in 2021. So those are both good for our businesses. People continue to live their daily lives as they need to. So the refrigerated carriers and protein haulers are doing a good job as well. And basically, the truck industry is kind of doing pretty well. And I don't expect that to change. Truck utilization is high. And so I think that we're even starting to see signs of green shoots in the oil and gas industry, so all of that combined points to a good year for us in the U.S. and Canada and I don't think it's very dissimilar in Europe. I don't know anything you would add, Harrie?
Harrie Schippers : No, the Europe transport activity remained strong as well. We just got the German Maut statistic in, that's the number of miles of which trucks have to pay toll in Germany that was up more than 4% in December, after a 4% increase in November. So that just shows that trucks are driving, our customers are doing well.  In terms of regional, I probably would expect Central and Eastern Europe to do a little bit better than the UK maybe, but it's a trend we see across Europe.
Ann Duignan : And then with the R&D spend increase in the number of new products that you're launching that you've alluded to, should we anticipate that SG&A will be higher also in maybe second, third quarter as you launch all these products and you increase your marketing, and you increase your spend. Above and beyond maybe any impact it might have on manufacturing and gross margins as you launch these products? 
Preston Feight : No, I don't think so. I think as we look at last year, we had reductions in our SG&A and for the full year and also even in the fourth quarter. And we'd expect kind of the fourth quarter to be at a run rate for 2021. So the effective last year and trimming things in the business will continue. We always want to make sure that we're diligent in providing the lowest fixed cost that we can to be to our shareholders. 
Ann Duignan : Okay. And no incremental cost from commodity prices, steel prices or anything? I know you're more of an assembler. So the impact on you will be muted, but are you anticipating any kind of supply shortages, supply chain issues related to lack of availability of steel or anything like that?
Preston Feight : We have a great team and our materials teams and purchasing teams around the world. And while there's much been written about on supply shortages, they have done a fantastic job of making sure we have all the parts we need to put the trucks together and create our products. And we don't anticipate anything significant in the first quarter. It's tight for the whole world but they are just doing a really good job. And one of the reasons we're able to do that is they do a good job of forecasting out to our supply base, what our schedules are. And I think that's much appreciated. It allows our suppliers to be successful, and it allows our company to be successful.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fisher with UBS.
Steven Fisher : Just curious about how your order share in Q4 trended? Was it higher or lower than your retail share in Q4 as an indicator of where market share might be going in the relative near term? And just curious how it looked in North America versus Europe?
Preston Feight : Sure. If you look at our order share, and I think it's easier to look at it in bigger chunks because there's cyclicality, our order share grew in 2020 as a percentage of the industry. So that's a positive thing. And obviously, we grew our market share a little bit, and we feel well positioned to continue growing in 2021.
Steven Fisher : Okay. And then I know it's still just very early days on this, but curious how the orders on the electric trucks looked in Q4. And if you're seeing any just momentum building on that into -- in Q1?
Preston Feight : There is definitely momentum building, good question. There's momentum building, but it's momentum building from a kind of a very, very low level. And now I think people are interested in trying a truck or 2 or 10. And so that's kind of the scale you're talking about in terms of the industry right now for zero-emissions vehicles. It does still depend heavily on government subsidies to make it an economically workable solution. So again, I would emphasize that I expect the industry will see hundreds of units in sales this year and that we'll get a good percentage of those.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Raso with Evercore.
David Raso : So on the gross margins, I'm just trying to think about every year, there's always a lot of investment and products initiatives that are clearly not in full production. But just given the technology push that we're seeing right now across a variety of drivetrains and autonomous and so forth. Is there any level of cost that you would call out that's incremental this year than normal? Again, the first quarter gross margins are pretty impressive. I mean, it implies like a 25% incremental sequentially. And I'm just trying to think through, are maybe some of those new costs not going up that much year-over-year. So the volume really gets levered more than normal? I'm just trying to think through, there's got to be some costs that are above normal. And again, it makes the gross margin guide a little more impressive. I'm just trying to sanity check it. And then I had a quick follow-up related to the factories. 
Preston Feight : I would start by saying that if you look at the gross margin effects of it, it's -- it has a lot more to do with the COVID and global pandemic than it has to do with the R&D that we're doing. I don't really think of those relatively. And I would just say that we are seeing a pretty good improvement coming for the first quarter in gross margin with that 12.6%, turning towards around 13.5% level and feel good about the growth we're getting. And again, it's tied to the place we are in the market and the market's improvement. More about that in the gross margin to me than the R&D spending. The R&D spending is going to be great because we're bringing up these fantastic new products, and that should be helpful to us in gross margin. 
David Raso : But beyond the R&D, are there any incremental costs for products that are not providing much of any revenue, let alone profits, than you would normally see in a cycle? I mean, again, the R&D is not an immaterial number, but I'm just trying to think through the ramp in cost given it's a bit of unique time in the technology rollout in the industry. Are you saying you wouldn't describe this as any more abnormal than maybe the R&D is up a bit given the new product rollout. You would not describe this as a bit abnormal?
Preston Feight : No, I think our R&D spending is an increase. That's on the products we're introducing, and it's on the technology we're introducing, but we continue to have R&D as a percentage of sales at the lowest levels of anybody. We do a great job. Our engineering teams do a fantastic job of working with partners and having those partnerships so that we bring great technology to our customers, but we co-develop, and that seems to be a great model, and it's part of the story around Aurora is we pick industry leaders like them that are fantastic with technology, and we're fantastic in developing an autonomously enabled truck. And together, that becomes an efficient way to bring an industry-leading solution to the market at a reasonable cost. 
David Raso : And then when it comes to my factory question. Where are the factories, I mean, the real core ones like Denton and Chillicothe and embracing the cycle in the sense of adding the extra shift, adding a skeleton third shift? I'm just trying to get a sense of where are you in balancing, adding the capacity, which of the order book is very strong, it's not necessarily risky, but just the idea of where are you adding that in the confidence in the order book? And second, of course, there's always that balance of adding capacity versus pricing. Are those ships running right now? 
Preston Feight : So the truck factories have done a fantastic job of managing the increases that we've seen over the last quarter. They've just done a beautiful job of keeping people safe. I just want to keep emphasizing that because that's our most important priority is our employees. And they've done a great job of being able to increase build while protecting people and giving them a safe working environment. And we don't see any limitations to that. We see the ability to keep increasing build rate as we need in the factories to support the market, really not any limitation on that. So they're not operating at near max capacity at this point. 
David Raso : Are they all on second shift, full second? Or is it skeleton? I mean there's always those inflection points in the cycle where you have to make that jump.
Preston Feight : Some of them as appropriate, would be on second shifts, and some of them are not as appropriate. So each factory is in its own balanced right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich : Preston, I'm wondering if you could just expand on your comments about expectations of very good market share on truck and hydrogen vehicles. What's your win rate now out of what's been bid for delivery over the next year? You mentioned the industry size of a couple of hundred units. And I'm just curious, what are you folks seeing in terms of your success rate on those bids?
Preston Feight : Our success rate tends to be pretty good. And we obviously have a strong relationship with our existing customers, provide them great products, low operating costs and the repeat of that is at extremely high levels, and our win rate continues to be high where we go out and are able to show people, Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF trucks that have never tried them before and they get to experience them. I think they're impressed also. And that's the reason we've been growing our market share and the reason we expect to keep growing our market share. 
Jerry Revich : And part of the reason why you folks have higher market share in heavy duty than medium-duty is because you get paid for the higher features of higher spec trucks. And in an EV world, obviously, the per truck costs are higher. I'm just wondering, is that a tailwind that you're seeing? Is that what you're come to allude to some customers that would be more value-focused are now trying your trucks in medium duty. So this dynamic could potentially be a market share tailwind for you folks? Am I understanding you right?
Preston Feight: I think it could be, but Harrie, do you want to? 
Harrie Schippers : I think Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF have been real leaders in customization and giving customers exactly the trucks the way they want them, and how they want them. And with electrification, that's probably even more important that we just configure the truck exactly to their needs, their transport task and make sure the weight and the charging and all of that is optimized for their requirements.
Preston Feight : To add on to that, it kind of brings a more integrated experience for the user because you got to think about how much time do you need to charge it. And that's why one of the reasons we're selling charging stations through PACCAR Parts is we think that whole energy management opportunity is good for our customers and should be good for PACCAR.
Jerry Revich : Okay. And lastly, I'm wondering if you can provide an update on your telematics, so now that you have even more data with more trucks in the field. Is there anything that you're able to offer customers or anything that you can do incrementally within your operations to increase efficiency, building on that growing data set?
Preston Feight: That is a fun topic, and we could spend all day talking about it. Maybe when you get back to the other live, we'll spend a lot more time on it. But in brevity, I would say that our connected services business really is a growth opportunity. All our trucks in North America come from the factory connected. A majority, a vast majority in Europe come connected as well. And so we collect a lot of data from them, which we share with the customers is their data. We share that with the customers and talk about how to improve their operating efficiency and talk about how the vehicle is performing. That involves our great distribution network as well. So our dealers are looking at that data, and they know how to take care of the customers as well. We have event managed service event management capabilities, so we understand where vehicles are in the network, how to take care of them better. So it's really kind of all about optimizing our customers' experience, and that obviously can be good for PACCAR as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chad Dillard with Bernstein.
Chad Dillard : So you guys guided to pretty solid start to the first quarter on trucks. And I was just curious on how you're thinking about the first half versus second half seasonality and cadence? And recognizing it's still early, but relative to this, how you guys are thinking about it?
Preston Feight : Sure. I think the way we're looking at the world right now is that it's the beginning of an improvement towards replacement level. And that as we trend towards replacement level, we'll see where the market goes. If we're saying the midpoint is 265,000, both Europe and in North America, that's a healthy market. And it feels like it's a sustainable market for a while. But obviously, it depends a lot on the economy and generally happening.
Chad Dillard : And can you talk about your approach to building your autonomous platform? It will be more like open source, so many digital drivers like overall interface with it? Or will be a little bit more exclusive? And maybe you could walk through your thought process behind making that decision?
Preston Feight : Sure. The way we're looking at this right now is this is a nascent technology that has a lot of development, and it's going to take several years to do as we shared in our announcement. Aurora is a great company with a lot of really skilled people, they are a very impressive group of people. And our team that's working on autonomously enabled trucks is also skilled and we think that the best approach to bring something robust, safe, secure to market is to work together, our leadership with their leadership to create a capable Level 4 autonomous vehicle. And then we'll do a lot of testing on that. And we'll -- at the end we need to provide our customers a safe, efficient vehicle. It takes several years to do that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi with Bank of America.
Ross Gilardi : First, maybe you can just elaborate a little bit more on Aurora since you're just on the topic. And anything incremental that you can provide just to help us think about it a little bit more, whether it's the economics of the collaboration, how should we think about it in terms of your competitive position? Is it something that's going to drive the fastest speed to market for PACCAR with Level 4 autonomy? And do you think that you'll experience a meaningful increase in pricing power as you do that?
Preston Feight: Well, I think that Aurora is a really good company. We chose them because of our working relationship with them. And I think that what you'll see is as we develop capable systems that have redundancy in steering, braking, power systems, control, software, and they develop the autonomous driver with sensors and software stacks that are integrated into that, that integration will be important. I think it will provide a good strength for our customers. It will be obviously advantageous for Aurora and PACCAR will benefit because we'll have this autonomously enabled platform, which will be a value to our customers. And it will go -- it will use our distribution system. It will make their operations potentially more efficient, and it should be one of the situations in life that creates a win for us, a win for Aurora and a win for our customers.
Ross Gilardi : And any particular milestones we should just think about? Obviously, it's a great, great opportunity and should give you guys an advantage. But what's to look out for? Is this just something that, like over the next 3 years? We'll just get of occasional updates? Or is there anything you could point to as kind of the next key milestone I look forward for Aurora?
Preston Feight: I think that we'll be conservative in our milestones, and we definitely making some interesting progress right now. It's really exciting inside. But as far as laying out milestones, I think we probably not want to do that right now.
Ross Gilardi : Okay. And then just the last thing I want to ask you. And I realize you've gotten a lot of questions on gross margin already. I'm sorry to dwell on it. But I'm just looking, for the first quarter, your implied truck deliveries seem to put you on a level of deliveries that were similar to the first quarter of '18. In the first quarter of '18, your gross margin was 14.8%. And now you're saying it's going to be about 13.5%, and I understand that you've invested in safety and so forth, and you've got some inefficiencies in the supply chain and whatnot. But is it possible to say how much of that difference is really tied, what you think or just sort of COVID-19 related inefficiencies? And more importantly, is there any reason to expect lower gross margins through the next cycle versus prior cycles?
Harrie Schippers: Yes. I would estimate that the cost associated with increased safety, higher absenteeism and over time, as a result of the safety measures we've taken would be around 40 basis points maybe for us. So that's a little bit of a drag, but yes, we -- despite that COVID impact, we still see margins nicely improve to 13.5%. And like I said before, that's probably the highest margin in the industry. 
Preston Feight : I think that's one of the things we keep thinking about this, right, is we are going to continue rigorously focused on providing the industry's highest gross margins, and we do that. And we expect to continue doing that. So it's kind of a pretty happy with the margins being industry-leading.
Ross Gilardi : But to the fact that they already are industry-leading is do you feel like there's a ceiling on them at this point and that you're going to potentially drift lower just because where you are saying you're going to be in the first quarter, and I guess this is a very odd cycle, but we're going through, to say the least, it just seems like you're on a just a lower level at the beginning of the year relative to where you were on a similar amount of delivery several years ago?
Preston Feight: I think you have to -- I think you said it well and saying it's an odd cycle, and then we’ll see how the year develops on that cycle.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Elkott with Cowen.
Matt Elkott : If we take a very long, say, 10-year view, do you guys have any broad vision or high level opinion of what percentage of your truck production might be Level 4 and Level 5 autonomous? And basically same question by energy type, what percentage might be anything other than conventional diesel in 10 years?
Preston Feight: Well, Matt, that is asking us to prognosticate out there at the decade level. And what I would share with you is the way we think about that question, which we obviously do is we want to make sure we have the right capabilities for what the customers' needs are. So in autonomy, if there was the right operating environment for Level 4, Level 5 autonomy, we want to have the right products there for our customers as soon as that makes sense, too. And that's why we took the step we did. And similarly, on zero-emissions vehicles, there is going to, at some point, be an economic payback for them. And so that's why we keep being invested in all the different battery electric and hydro fuel cell and hybrid capabilities so that when the market chooses, PACCAR is there for the product that they want. And we kind of think of ourselves as a powertrain agnostic. And want to make sure that we can provide the customers the product they need. But in summary, we do think diesel engines will be a primary mode of power for the timeframe up to the next decade.
Matt Elkott : Got it. That's very helpful. And if I may ask just one more intermediate term question here. You mentioned that the truck market has been very strong. But the driver market has gotten tighter in TL specifically. Do you see any signs that the Class 8 orders that you're getting for growth may begin to moderate as carriers worry about seating trucks? And if so, do you think whatever replacement demand is left will be enough to keep the order momentum going this year?
Preston Feight: Well, I don't -- we don't see -- simply we don't see any moderation order intake with the strong demand for DAF, Peterbilt and Kenworth trucks right now. And we expect that would continue as the cycle goes. So things feel good. 
Harrie Schippers : Trucks very reasonable. Lead times are competitive. If customers want to have trucks in the second quarter, we can provide them and make sure they get what they need.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Linzey with vertical Research Partners.
Brett Linzey : Just one for me. And back to the parts distribution strategy. 18 currently, I think you said you're going to add another one this year. What is the right investment to support that strategy? And are you budgeting continued upward move in investment related to distribution? And then just as a follow-up, could you just talk about in the second half of '20, how the e-commerce retail sales trended fleet billings versus engine parts as the markets recovered?
Preston Feight: Well, if I think about parts distribution strategy, it's -- our goal is to make sure that we service our customers as effectively and efficiently as possible, which is getting parts to them same-day and next-day with expertise, that being a critical part of it and to make sure that we're supporting their organizations through not just a part, but also technical knowledge and interface with our fantastic dealer networks around the world as well. So the distribution strategy is to how to optimize that. And one part of that is bricks and mortar, like you mentioned, the 18 distribution centers and the Louisville center that we'll be working on this year and opening next year. So that's an addition. And then as we look forward to it, we'll add the bricks-and-mortar we need, but there’s going to continue to be a key focus on technology so that we can continue to expand the service excellence we provide to the customers. And as far as the other part of the question, Harrie, do you have any thoughts?
Harrie Schippers : Yes, sure. E-commerce, of course, has been the fastest-growing segment within PACCAR Parts, 25%, like we said. And Parts is a good segment with a 13% growth year-over-year. I think those are trends that we expect to continue going forward.
Brett Linzey : Okay. Great. And just a follow-up on R&D. Obviously, sort of a snapback here of a pandemic low in 2020, but it was up -- or at least the expectation for '21 is up about 10% of the 2019 base. What is the right incremental jump we should see over the next 2 to 3 years? Is it 10% plus? Or do you think you're at a good level? Any color you can give us? 
Preston Feight : We feel like we're going to be at a good level with this number. And one of the things we always do is that there's great projects for us to work on. We work on them. We have a really strong balance sheet, a lot of cash and we deploy it wisely to benefit of our shareholders.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research.
Adam Uhlman : I wanted to start with -- I appreciate you sharing your expectations for industry truck sales and the parts business. I'm wondering if you could do the same for the finance subsidiary, any thoughts on sales or earnings this year?
Harrie Schippers : Yes, finance companies saw a nice improvement in profit from the third to the fourth or quarter. And if you look at the profit level in the fourth quarter of $64 million with low past dues, good performing portfolio, strong credit qualities, that's the kind of level that we would anticipate for the coming quarters as a range.
Adam Uhlman : Okay. And it seems like used truck valuations have moved quite a bit higher recently. Could you -- what are you seeing in the market? And is there any chance that positively benefits your business?
Harrie Schippers : Yes. Used trucks have seen positive momentum, both in Europe and North America, Europe probably bottoming out right now, but North America has seen a nice improvement, about 10%, 12%. So that's a really nice trend. At the same time, our used truck groups have sold high number of used trucks. And as a result, our inventories right now have come down very nicely to very healthy levels. 
Preston Feight: I would just add that our teams have done a great job in Europe and North America in establishing these retail centers that we've added, both in the Lyon, France and Prague in the Czech Republic, the one we're creating in Madrid, Spain in Denton, Texas. So that really strengthens our ability to provide customers great used trucks that help their operations, too.
Harrie Schippers : Absolutely.
Adam Uhlman : Okay. And then just a clarification. Could you update us on your MX engine penetration here recently and any plans or goals for penetration rates in 2021? 
Preston Feight : Like over the years, we've seen steady growth in the MX engine, and we expect that growth to continue. And we think about -- the things we're talking about is if we had 10 years ago to estimate our proprietary engine share, it was probably 30% and now it's 60%, and it continues to grow. And each year is a different story, depending on who is buying trucks and what parts of the market are alive, but we do expect steady growth on MX engines. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Salmon with Wolfe Research.
Rob Salmon : A few follow-ups with regard to Aurora. Could you give us a sense with this partnership if you guys are taking a stake in Aurora and kind of big picture how do the economics look for PACCAR? Obviously, you'd be selling a higher spec truck. But curious if there's any sort of revenue you'd be getting on a mileage base or anything along those lines?
Preston Feight : Yes. The team down there, led by Chris and Sterling, are great in terms of technology. Their understanding what the model might be going forward, and our understanding of the model might be going forward, looks the same and that we would distribute trucks through our network, obviously, providing a driver, an autonomous driver for them is something that would have lots of updates and lots of engagement with. It's not a sell and forgetting. It's a sell and engage and maintain an update. So that would be, I'm sure, part of their model. And for us, a similar thing, right? The truck will need updates. It will be really important that these -- that the trucks of the industry uses for the autonomous are the highest quality, highest reliability, safest product, which is what PACCAR provides. So it puts us in a strong position. They rely on having a great distribution network of dealers, which we do to take care of those trucks. So that will still be a need. And you'd expect that there'll be an engagement of software and updates and how the truck performs. And so that will provide opportunity for PACCAR and an on a steady basis as well as just a one-time sale. 
Rob Salmon : And Preston, do you have a sense -- I know you've talked about kind of looking out a few years where this penetration goes that you guys are currently thinking about from an EV?
Preston Feight : I think it's a little bit early to make that call. I think people have tried to make that call in the car industry a few years ago and found that, that was a difficult decision. And I think the most important thing is to make sure that it's completely safe and completely reliable, and that's where our focus is. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Courtney Yakavonis with Morgan Stanley.
Courtney Yakavonis : Just wanted to follow-up on the conversation on used truck pricing. You mentioned that the margins had improved. I think last quarter, you talked about those trucks really flowing through at no margin. But just wanted to understand, has the used inventory been kind of entirely worked through at this point. And then what are the implications when you think about new pricing for next year? Because I think you had mentioned that new pricing was about flat in the quarter. So how we should be thinking about the impact to your new pricing? 
Harrie Schippers : So if you look at the used truck inventory, that has come down nicely. It's not that we don't have any used trucks anymore. We can continue to have used trucks. But it's like 16% lower than it was at the beginning of the quarter, it's lower than what it was at the beginning of the year. And we continue to sell those trucks through our used truck center like Preston said. We sell them at those used truck centers. Typically, we would get a premium of around $5,000 per truck. So that will support margins. And better used trucks, of course, provide better trading values for our customers and will be a good thing for them too.
Courtney Yakavonis : And then just any thoughts on new truck pricing for this year? And then, I guess, especially with respect to some of the comments that you've made on commodity price pressure. Can you just give us a sense of how much steel and aluminum could be impacting your margins this year? And what you're thinking about as it relates to price cost?
Preston Feight: I don't think there's anything specific we'd say about that. I mean, we're working with our customers on the trucks they need from the big to the small locational to the on-highway, and we have a strong relationship with the dealers as we do that and make sure we provide the best parts, trucks, finances all together for our customers. 
Harrie Schippers: We’re working with the supply base, of course. Typically, we have long-term agreements with our suppliers. That allow us 3 to 6 months between that raw materials go up and that the prices for those components would go up. So that gives us enough lead time to price it into a truck if and when needed. So that's very normal.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay. Got you. And then just lastly, you mentioned your Parts growth expectation for next year. I think coming out of 3Q, you talked about the acceleration that you saw in Parts growth, have we seen Parts growth largely stabilize at this high single digit level? Or was it exiting the quarter much higher and have kind of continued to grow throughout the quarter?
Preston Feight: I think the Parts team showed their real strength and capability by having a record quarter. Their fourth quarter was an all-time record for them. So that's steady, strong growth for them. They did a great job, and we expect to see that continue through the year.
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Preston Feight: We'd like to thank everyone for joining the call, and thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-20 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded. And if anyone has an objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Preston Feight, Chief Executive Officer; Harrie Schippers, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Barkley, Senior Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls, we ask that any members of the media on the line participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. For additional information, please see our SEC filings and the Investor Relations page of paccar.com. I would now like to introduce Preston Feight.
Preston Feight: Hey, good morning. Harrie Schippers, Michael Barkley, and I will update you on our excellent third quarter results and business highlights. First and foremost, I appreciate our outstanding PACCAR employees. They have continued to focus on staying safe and healthy while delivering the highest quality trucks, advanced powertrains, and transportation solutions to our customers. PACCAR achieved strong revenues and net income in the third quarter. PACCAR's quarterly truck deliveries doubled to 36,000 vehicles compared to the second quarter of this year. PACCAR's quarterly sales and financial services revenues were $4.9 billion and third quarter net income was $386 million. PACCAR Parts achieved quarterly revenues of over $1 billion and pretax profits of $210 million exceeding the strong third quarter of last year. Truck, Parts and Other gross margins increased to 12.8%. PACCAR Financial achieved robust new financing business and pretax income of $56 million. U.S. and Canada Class 8 truck industry orders through September were 18% higher in the same period last year. PACCAR expects fourth quarter deliveries to be 10% higher than the third quarter as build rates increase in all markets. The fourth quarter will have fewer build days in North America and more build days in Europe. Fourth quarter Truck, Parts and Other gross margins are estimated to be in a range of 12% to 13%. We have raised our 2020 market size estimates in North America, Europe, and South America. We estimate Class 8 industry retail sales in the U.S. and Canada to be in a range of 190,000 to 210,000 trucks this year. Peterbilt and Kenworth have achieved 29.7% market share through September compared to 29.2% for the same period last year. For 2021, the U.S. economy is expected to grow about 4% and we estimate U.S. and Canadian Class 8 truck market to be in the range of 210,000 to 250,000 vehicles. In Europe, truck industry registrations in the above 16-tonne market are estimated to be in a range of 210,000 to 230,000 vehicles this year. DAF has achieved market share of 16.1% through September this year. European economies are projected to grow about 5% next year, and we expect truck registrations to increase to a range of 230,000 to 270,000 units. The South American above 16-tonne market is projected to be in a range of 95,000 to 105,000 units next year. DAF Brazil introduced a new XF truck in the third quarter, which has been well received by our customers. In the Brazilian above 40-tonne segment where DAF competes, DAF market share through September increased to a record 9.3%. PACCAR's zero emissions vehicle programs continue to move forward. We've begun accepting orders for industry-leading battery electric trucks that will serve the medium duty, regional haul, and refuse markets in Europe and North America. Production of these trucks will begin next year. Vehicle charging stations will be available through PACCAR Parts. We're pleased to share that PACCAR, Kenworth, Peterbilt, PACCAR Parts and Dynacraft were each recognized as a Top Company for Women to Work for in Transportation by the Women in Trucking Association. We were honored for excellent working environment and company culture that supports gender diversity. PACCAR is committed to hiring and promoting the most talented people in the world and we know that the best people represent the diversity present in the global community. Harrie Schippers will now provide an update on PACCAR Parts, PACCAR Financial Services, and other business highlights. Thank you. Harry?
Harrie Schippers: Thanks Preston. PACCAR continues to provide excellent operating cash flow for reinvestment in future growth and distributions to stockholders. Last month, the PACCAR Board of Directors announced a regular quarterly dividend of $0.32 per share. PACCAR Parts achieved quarterly revenues of $1.02 billion and pre-tax profits of $210 million. PACCAR Parts benefited from the economic recovery, high truck utilization, a growing global distribution network and investments in our state-of-the-art e-commerce platform. E-commerce is PACCAR Parts fastest growing business. PACCAR Financial Services third quarter revenues were $398 million and pre-tax income was $56 million. These results reflect strong portfolio performance, low past dues and record used truck sales. Robust used truck sales led to a reduction in used truck inventory. PACCAR Financial is increasing its used truck sample capacity worldwide, which enhances margins. PACCAR Financial recently opened used truck centers in Lyon, France, Denton, Texas, and Prague, Czech Republic, and plans to open another facility in Madrid, Spain next year. PACCAR's truck resale values command a premium over the competition. Research and development expenses are expected to be in a range of $270 million to $280 million this year. Net capital investments are projected to be in a range of $570 million to $600 million. In 2021, we're planning for R&D expenses of $330 million to $360 million and capital investments of $575 million to $625 million. PACCAR is investing for long-term growth in new truck models, low emission diesel and zero emissions powertrain technologies, advanced driver assistance systems and connected services. And finally, our independent Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF dealers continue to provide outstanding support to our customers. Our dealers are well capitalized, and have invested $2.6 billion in their businesses in the last 10 years, making a significant contribution to PACCAR's success. Thank you. We'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes, thanks. Good morning guys and good afternoon guys. I guess maybe starting with the outlook for 4Q. I know you guys said that you expect build rates to increase across all markets? Is there any way that you could kind of characterize the level of growth that you're seeing in North America versus Europe, given the element of build days?
Preston Feight: Yes, great comments, Nicole. You already captured part of the answer in talking about build days, but we have seen increases in build rates throughout the third quarter, and more than doubling from the second quarter. The fourth quarter, we'll also see increases in build rates, daily build rates in all markets. And then from a total delivery standpoint, we'd expect to see a higher number of deliveries in Europe, because of the build mix there where we have more build days in Europe compared to the third quarter where there's a holiday shutdown. But all markets are seeing increases in build rates as you see, with the strong order intake we've been seeing.
Nicole DeBlase: Got it. Okay, that makes sense. And then just one more on Europe. I mean, obviously we're all seeing the headlines with respect to COVID cases ramping up just curious what you guys have seen, most recently with respect to order activity from customers, whether that's been impacted by COVID?
Preston Feight: True. Well obviously, we read the same news you do and we watch the increase in COVID cases. But our customers have really been providing strong order intake for the excellent off trucks that we make. We haven't seen any hesitation in orders in recent times that has come up. And our factories are doing a great job of making sure that health and safety is the most important thing that we focus on each and every day. So we're able to build trucks in the environment, safe and effective way and order intake remains strong.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andy Casey with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open.
Andy Casey: Hi, question on the battery electric trucks you're introducing next year. I'm wondering if you're accepting orders for those already. The reason I'm asking is the narrative on those type of trucks is that they probably are going to have lower future part sales opportunity than clean diesel equip trucks. First is that -- does that jive with your expectations? And then second, can you help us understand how you would approach pricing given that potential lower future parts revenue stream? Should you expect to capture kind of a higher margin upfront? Or anything you could do to help us would be appreciated?
Preston Feight: Good, thanks. Well your first comment about whether we're accepting orders? We are accepting orders with Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF; we're taking orders for the trucks. We expect to be in production next year. The trucks we're actually providing them to customers already and doing test work with our customers. We're working on battery technology as well as hydrogen fuel cell technology. And in fact, just from a fun thing to share, last week, Kenworth and Peterbilt took a hydrogen fuel cell truck and a battery electric truck. Kenworth was the hydrogen fuel cell. Peterbilt was a battery electric and they drove them up, by its peak all the way to the summit. So the programs are progressing along nicely. The teams are having a lot of fun developing excellent products. And we're looking forward to that market developing, it is early days. And so from a standpoint of how many orders it could be in the hundreds. When we look at your question of parts sales, and what we think looking forward, I think there's going to be plenty of parts that go along with electric vehicles for a while. And one way to think about it is the cost of a battery pack is pretty significant, it's a contributing factor to a cost of an electric vehicle. And somewhere in a lifetime a battery pack could be replaced. They also have the same suspension components, the same steering components, and they will have ware items just like every other truck does. So I think that the pricing of how we'll do that, will be based on cost and good margins and Harrie?
Harrie Schippers: In addition to the trucks, that we will also be selling chargers, and also the chargers will need replacement parts.
Preston Feight: So the total of all of that I think is that, I don't think it's going to be disruptive to our model. It could even be helpful to our model for the coming period of time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Stephen Volkmann: Yes. Maybe just sort of sticking with that but broadening it out a little bit. Sometimes I get questions around just how do you view kind of R&D spending for the next few years and some people seem to think maybe others are spending more, I know your business model is a little bit more outsourced, a little bit more partner driven. But maybe you can just talk about, how we should view your level of R&D spending over the next few years as we kind of make this transition?
Preston Feight: Well, we always make sure that we invest appropriately for the opportunities that we have. And I think our history has demonstrated a great set of investments that have been good for our customers. And we always think about it from a customer standpoint. And I can tell you what, I've never been more excited than I'm right now about the kind of products we're bringing out over the coming year or two and going forward for the next five-year strategy we've laid out, we have a great set of products coming out. So there will -- the spending may increase a little bit, as Harrie showed or commented on and you can see $330 million to $360 million in R&D spending next year. But our real focus on making sure that our customers get the very best trucks, transportation solutions and parts. And it's never been better than right now.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay. All right. Thanks for that. And then just a quick follow-up. I appreciate your initial views on 2021. I'm just curious, relative to kind of inventories. I know your guys aren't big on inventories. But would you expect to produce more next year than whatever the retail sales can turns out to be? Or would you sort of produce in line with that do you think?
Preston Feight: Let me just start with where we're at now, there's two-and-a-half months of industry inventory out there and PACCAR came up with about 2.2 months. And so when I look at that, I think about what the order intake looks like build rates intake, I think it'll be roughly in line. Could be a little bit more production but not too much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Ross Gilardi: Maybe we'll stay on the EV topic. If you look out five years, do you have an expectation that you can share EVs as a percentage of either Class 8 or Class 6, 7 production?
Preston Feight: Sure. We think is the way this market is going to develop, processes is going to be 100s kind of next year. And then we'll get to a point in 2024 and 2025, where there's some regulatory requirements for production. And by that time, we should see ourselves in the 1000s, low 1000s. And it'll obviously depend on what kind of regulatory environment develops throughout Europe, or California. And what we want to make sure we have is the products are ready to go and the most reliable and capable products and so that's the path that we're on. So we'll be ready. If there's ready for 1000s or stages of 100s and if it was good, 10s of 1000s, we'll be prepared for that.
Ross Gilardi: So low 1000s in by 2024, 2025 on a 250,000 replacement market you're talking like 1% of the market by then?
Preston Feight: Yes.
Ross Gilardi: Okay. And how about Class 8 versus 6, 7, certainly in battery up until now has been a bigger tactical challenge. But of course, we're working on hydrogen fuel cell as well. So what are your thoughts there?
Preston Feight: So thinking is there, as you mentioned, well, Ross, it'll be medium duty in urban environments where trucks return back to a fixed location, fixed operation is an easy place for adoption to begin. But if there are places like in Europe, where cities might not allow a diesel truck in, then that'll mean regional haul trucks could end up being battery electric. And then as fuel cells become viable and commercially relevant, then they could play a role, also. So I think right now, what we're doing is making sure that we look at the range of full capabilities and technology choices out there and integrating them in an effective way for our customers.
Ross Gilardi: Got it. And then can you talk a little bit about just how you see the shape of the cycle evolving next couple of years with the explosion of e-commerce not that e-commerce is a new thing. But clearly, we're all seeing that the numbers for e-commerce and kind of where I'm thinking of it, if North America Class 8 replacement is normally 225,000 to 250,000, are we at a higher number now because of the environment we're in? And then also on top of that, is there any motivation for the company to move down market into the light duty space to capitalize on where the growth in things like delivery vans and last mile?
Preston Feight: Well, I think that as e-commerce comes along, it's not going to affect the fact that people consume on an individual basis, the same amount of goods, it's maybe it's how those goods are delivered, but they'll still be manufacturing and distribution. And I don't think that'll fundamentally or structurally change any way from a Class 6 through 8 market. I would share that; we have some amazing products in that Class 6 market space right now with our cabover products here in North America. It's also the market leader in the UK for that cabover LF. And we have some really neat products we're developing to fill in and continue to develop the medium duty space for ourselves in the coming years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning. I guess two questions. My first question, as we think about 2021, can you talk about your confidence level in terms of market outgrowth, whether it be on the Parts side, market share on truck, or the 11 and 13 liter engine, just how we should think about that as markets recover? And then my second question, can you comment was there any sort of mixer or pricing dynamics in the third quarter? What you saw in that front? Thank you.
Preston Feight: So just to start with, when you think about share we've got 29.7% of the market share in the U.S. and Canada right now year-to-date compared to 29.2%. So we're seeing good share growth for ourselves. Our MX engines are doing a great job out there with the 11-liter and the 13-liter, of course, it's 100% of their engine volume in Europe and it's 41% in North America. So that's working really well for us in addition. And then from a --
Harrie Schippers: From a pricing point of view, the pricing in the third quarter was more or less, less slightly down like 0.5% or so. But pretty good performance in terms of pricing, given the current market dynamics.
Preston Feight: And that's compared to a very strong 2019.
Harrie Schippers: Absolutely, absolutely.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Ann Duignan: Yes, thank you. Just a few follow-up questions. In Financial Services on the interest expense line that was higher than we had expected. Can you just talk about that line item and what was in there? Were there any anomalies that were -- is that kind of the runway rates that we should look at going forward?
Harrie Schippers: In the third quarter Jamie, we sold a record number of used trucks and the cost of those used trucks appear in that line item and used truck results were favorable compared to last year but they were fairly similar to the -- to the second quarter. Overall, the finance company is doing really well. We saw low credit losses. We have low past dues of only 0.6% at the end of the third quarter. Good portfolio, A and B credits, customers continue to pay their bills. Finance company is doing really well.
Ann Duignan: But are you saying that if that was a higher expense than the last couple of quarters, that you're recording a loss on each sale of used trucks and so more used truck sales means a higher loss or a higher expense?
Harrie Schippers: Yes, like in the second quarter results on used trucks were unfavorable. It was nice to see that the used truck inventory came down during the third quarter. So that's going to be good going forward.
Preston Feight: And we're starting to see that in some of these trucks areas where people are looking for great products they're starting to see pricing increases. And Peterbilt, Kenworth, DAF they continue to provide a premium resale value in our used trucks business compared to the competition.
Ann Duignan: Yes, but if everybody used prices are down, it's kind of relative to summit?
Harrie Schippers: We get a premium on the used trucks, but we're not the only ones in the used truck market.
Ann Duignan: Exactly. And then can you just explain a little bit more or talk a little bit more about the e-commerce business in Parts and give us a little bit more color what's going on there, you highlighted it in your opening comments, I'd like to hear more. Thank you.
Preston Feight: It’s Preston here. I mean; we've had e-commerce for a long time. But our PACCAR Parts team did a fantastic job of creating a real user friendly, easy to use for customers and dealers e-commerce system that just makes ordering easier. But it also makes related parts easier. So that it's quite simple to go in and find, if you buy a filter for something, it might also point you towards another component. So the team has done a great job of making a very easy user interface. And we've seen significant growth in the amount of e-commerce we're doing so fast, it is the fastest growing part of our Parts business as people transition there. So that's really nice. But also just give a shout out to the Parts team for the way they're engaging with the dealers on auto except for dealer inventory stocking. So they're doing a fantastic job on that front, too. And I think both those things, plus the support of how the team is supporting our customers is leading to their growth.
Ann Duignan: And so the way for us to think about that business going forward is, there's opportunity for a) more customers to use e-commerce, and then, b) a higher spend per customer, is that -- are there two opportunities there? Is that the right way for us to think about that and then I will leave at there.
Preston Feight: Great word, again. I agree with you, yes.
Ann Duignan: Okay, that's it from me in the interest of time. Thank you.
Preston Feight: Have a great day.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Jerry Revich: What really jumped out this quarter was your SG&A performance like you mentioned, production nearly doubled your SG&A was up just 7% sequentially. How should we think about the SG&A run rate from here, any cost that we should think about is coming back in better times? Or is this a situation where we're actually going to be able to run rate this level of SG&A going forward?
Preston Feight: Well, I think the team has done a fantastic job of cost control as always right. We look at everything we do and spend where it's necessary. So I think there will be some modest increases as we get into the fourth quarter. Just for example, if you think about travel, right getting anywhere internationally has been relatively limited. So when that opens up, or as travel reopens, that will become a possibility for SG&A increases.
Jerry Revich: Okay. And then in terms of your electric vehicle line-up, really impressive range of products that you folks have available for order, you're obviously skewing on the local range one of your new competitors is laying out a 500 mile product that's 180,000. Can you just talk about your decision not to lay out a product within that mileage range? And how feasible do you think that cost point is if we're talking about of five years out for the industry as a whole? Can you weigh in?
Preston Feight: Sure, happily. I do think as I said earlier, that the urban areas will be the easiest places to make a cost effective decision around battery electric vehicles. And I think in the battery electric space, for the regional home markets, refuse markets, that's also an opportunity again, where you're coming back to a charging station. When you get into the longer lengths of haul, especially a number like 500 miles, you're talking about needing a significant charging infrastructure. And you also have to realize that the weight of the batteries become significant to the total operating efficiency of the haul. So we think that it'll evolve in a rationale manner and will participate in that. And that's why we look at both the battery electric and the hydrogen fuel cells because battery electric will be rationale for some of the routes we just described. And potentially fuel cell will take off on some of the longer haul. But it also needs an infrastructure. So we just want to make sure that we're there with the right product for our customers. And as they want them, we'll have them.
Jerry Revich: And lastly, the CARB regulations for 2024 look for pretty meaningful increases in warranties and big reductions in NOx. Can you talk about your plan for those standards? And how much does the cost structure have to move higher? Some industry participants are talking about the warranty costs being over $10,000, essentially adding to the cost of a truck. Can you just talk about how you see it playing out and your plans for the standards?
Preston Feight: Well, we've been through a lot of emissions cycles as we've gone through the decades now. And as an industry, and certainly as PACCAR, we're always able to meet them, we intend to be able to meet them as well, we do expect that the warranty requirements change. And that just does. That's an accrual rate. So we'll make the right accrual rates for that. But we believe in our technical capabilities for both us and our partners, and Cummins to develop great engines and powertrains that will meet the diesel emissions requirements for the coming decade. And as we've talked a lot about already today, we'll have a complementary set of products in the electric vehicle space and hybrid space.
Jerry Revich: And is the $10,000 plus number increase in cost of vehicle, is that reasonable, can you just weigh in on that aspect? How material is the cost increase to that customer?
Preston Feight: And Jerry, I don't think that it'd be appropriate at this point. It's pretty early days, and we have a lot of great people working on those things. And we'll figure out ways to manage that costs to the lowest level possible.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Raso with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
David Raso: Hi, thank you for taking the question. So my question relates to -- good afternoon. My question relates to just trying to think through the gross margin profile for 2021. In the third quarter, and first quarter of this year, you delivered 36,000 and 38,000 trucks respectively. And you're anticipating 39,000 to 40,000 deliveries next quarter, the fourth quarter. And during the middle of last decade, when you were delivering similar volumes each quarter, gross margins were pretty constantly between 14% and 15%. And this year, in those quarters, including what you're forecasting for the fourth quarter, but they're only between 12% and 13%. I would assume addressing costs and manufacturing volatility due to the pandemic, you could account for maybe all that 200 basis points for lower gross margins, even though Parts is a bigger piece of the revenue today than five years ago. So that'll said, I'm just trying to think about for 2021. Just trying to think through likely quarterly delivery volumes, should we expect a return to the relationship of usual where volumes are and gross margins? Or is there something about incremental cost or sales mix for 2021 that we really should consider moving-off that traditional relationship of volume and gross margin?
Preston Feight: Well, two-part answer to your question, David, thanks for the question, good discussion is, when you think about our market sizes right now that we're talking about, we're coming off of the second quarter as you know well was pretty quiet, we're returning to some more increased rates. So this year is 190 to 210. And we think next year in the U.S., Canada could be in that 210 to 250 range, it's still below replacement value, it is still not a giant market. It's a healthy market. And I think there's a lot of uncertainty around what next year will bring in terms of the general economy and COVID and protocols we have in place from the labor control standpoint, making sure our employees are safe and cared for. So I think it's a little bit early to be kind of weighing in on what next year's full margins might likely be.
David Raso: Should I take that though, because volumes are similar to a prior period and the volumes are the same? Is it a function of it's simply about price cost and obviously, the more robust the market is, the better you can do on price? And it was also efficient for any mix, I'm just trying to understand 200 basis points this year was not a normal year. So I'm not saying the margin should be as high as five years ago with these volumes. I'm just trying to think if we can move through this, just kind of framework, something to think about for 2021. And it sounds like you're saying all volumes aren't created equal. And it's not necessarily due to mix. But it's more the robustness of the market where maybe you can get a little bit of price or not. Is that a fair generalization? 
Preston Feight: Yes, I think that's a fair generalization. I think the other way to think of it is as we look historically and even right now PACCAR always delivers the best industry's highest operating margins, and we'll continue to focus on delivering that.
David Raso: I appreciate. One last quick question delivery lead times. Obviously, orders are ramping-up a bit, but can you give a sense of where delivery lead times today basically out of Denton and [indiscernible] versus this time last year just a rough, rough idea say number of weeks.
Preston Feight: Sure, happy to do that, we're looking at filling in just the final slots of the fourth quarter were substantially full in both the U.S. and Europe. There are a few slots in that late November, December timeframe. They're moving quickly. And we're really kind of getting our attention focused into the first part of next year.
David Raso: And how would you compare that versus this time last year?
Preston Feight: I think they're totally different markets. Last year at this point, we're coming off of a very strong market, and coming into a more normalized market, I think. And now we're looking at the beginning of an acceleration in the market.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joel Tiss with BMO. Your line is now open.
Joel Tiss: Okay, thanks, guys. Most of them had been answered, I wondered if you think you're going to be just in your model and the way things are sort of laid out, you think you're going to be close to break-even by that 2025 in electric or you think it's going to take, it's going to take a little longer than that?
Preston Feight: We like to make money in everything we do, Joel. And so I think that our angle is to do that, it's early days. But our focus is always to build great products, provide great services to our customers and make money doing it. And that's our model for EV just as well as for anything else we do.
Joel Tiss: And are you seeing any sort of outsized market share opportunities with one of your bigger competitors being a little distracted or it's just sort of business as usual?
Preston Feight: We think that -- we think that if we can just share with the customers how great our trucks are, especially the things we're developing that are coming out in the coming years, that that'll take care of market share for us. We just want to make sure we get them to understand how fantastic the performance is these products we're creating.
Joel Tiss: Alright, at least I got you to laugh.
Preston Feight: You can do that, Joel. Have a great day.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher with UBS. Your line is now open.
Steven Fisher: Good morning. Just want to follow-up on David Raso's question but more in the near-term rather than 2021. The margins in Q4 sounds like on the 10% increase in deliveries but the flat margin. Can you just talk about what some of the puts and takes in the near-term are in within that keeping the margin flat on higher volume?
Preston Feight: We think that that 12% to 13% is good margin performance for where we're sitting in the market sizes that we're dealing with. But just a couple of the puts and takes us in the fourth quarter, there are more build days in Europe compared to North America. And there's a mix shift in and as trucks increase compared to parts. And so those are two factors that weigh into that fourth quarter margin. But we still believe that, our focus is on providing industry's best operating margins and we expect to do so.
Steven Fisher: Okay, that's helpful. And then just curious, how much is timing within the order books shifting around right now and in what direction? I'm wondering to what extent you're seeing orders either getting accelerated or getting pushed out. I imagine there might be some different dynamics within some of the different end markets that you're serving be it on highway or vocational construction, et cetera. I'm curious where it all nets out if you're seeing people actually wanting trucks earlier, or if you're trying to push them out, a lot of people are pushing that a little further.
Preston Feight: All we see is nothing really related to push-outs right now. And what we see is that the trucking economy is doing pretty well in most of its sectors. So the refrigerated carriers are doing well. The housing people and supportive vocational markets are doing well. The consumer goods markets are doing well. This is true for both Europe and North America and people been running their trucks at a below replacement value or replacement market size for a year. And so the opportunity is that they're ready for the actual and performing high-fuel efficiency, high reliability trucks that we're building now. And so there's no real push-outs happening is people that are ordering to support their businesses, which are doing really well.
Steven Fisher: Any accelerations?
Preston Feight: Yes, there's been growth in orders as obviously the last quarter or so. And it continues to be appropriate to the market sizes that we're sitting in.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chad Dillard with Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Chad Dillard: So can you talk a little bit more about your strategy of providing charging infrastructure for the battery electric vehicles? If you could touch on the scope, just how big of an investment we need to get to -- get at that low 1000s that you're talking about in 2024. And I know, PACCAR is providing right, maybe the cost included in the actual price to the consumer, or is this more of a investment that PACCAR what needs to be made to get that market to scale?
Preston Feight: It's the way to think about charging is that; you need a charger for your vehicle or for every two vehicles depending on how you operate. And so that's something that we will develop as the vehicle park increases. It'll probably be, through our dealerships, we're doing a great job of kind of preparing themselves for the industry. But we'll also be through our customers who are operating, as I said, at locally domiciled routes and then I think there'll be a more general development of the charging of chargers that goes along. And again, one way to think about charging stations is the kind of going to be $150,000, or a $200,000 to put in a charging infrastructure station for yourself. So that's -- that is going to be something where people are having to spend money on and PACCAR Parts is selling them now. And our financial companies are offering support of that. So kind of have created a entire models for the customers as we move into that new opportunity.
Chad Dillard: Got it. That's helpful. And then can you just provide color on the engine parts mix versus other parts of the business in the quarter? And how close are we to seeing an inflection point where your engine sold several years ago actually start consuming more Parts? And how do you think about that from like a gross margin mix perspective as we look towards the next year?
Preston Feight: I think there continues to be -- we started the engine in the North American market in 2010. So people have gone through obviously a build cycle, although we've got repeat customers are seeing over the span growth in the engine business and it provides great parts return.
Harrie Schippers: And it's fair to say that the engine parts business has grown faster than an average Parts business. So we do get benefits from that going forward soon.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Seth Weber with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Seth Weber: Nice to see the Parts revenue turn positive here in the quarter. I was wondering if you could just give any color on the cadence there. I think you had previously said June was running, I think down mid-single-digits. Should we -- is the right way to think about it that September was up kind of mid to high singles. Is that a fair way to think about the ramp?
Harrie Schippers: Yes, that's correct. September was on a per day basis was up 4% compared to last year. So we've seen continued positive momentum through the quarter.
Seth Weber: Okay, thanks. And then just going back to the financial, the Finco business? It sounds like you kind of cleared the decks here a little bit with some inventory. So should we start to -- should we expect to start to see margin be up going forward? And do you think that that can get back into that sort of 20% margin business next year?
Harrie Schippers: It was really good to see the used truck inventory compound and selling a lot of used trucks. But a lot of the used truck performance will depend on what the used truck market does in general. And PACCAR Trucks get a nice premium. But we're also dependent on what our competitors are doing in the same marketplace.
Seth Weber: Okay, if I could maybe just tuck in one last one on the higher CapEx going forward. Is any of that to include investments in your -- any of your suppliers? Or can you just talk about the health of the supply chain?
Preston Feight: Sure. I'll happily take that one on and say that, our supply chains did really good job as we've managed through the last couple of quarters, very dynamic. They've done a good job of pulling, as we're watching the build rates go up across the world, they're supporting that very well. They're focused on health and safety for their employees too and the supply base is in good shape. And so that continues to be one of our great partnerships is working with them and making sure they're ready as we go. As far as investments, we don't have anything specifically earmarked or called out in terms of investments and suppliers.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Elkott with Cowen. Your line is now open.
Matt Elkott: Good morning and good afternoon. If I may ask a question on the – go back about Class 8 build cycle. I think after the initial COVID shutdowns, we saw a number of dynamics emerge, lower fuel prices, lower interest rates, and maybe truck insurance premiums, not as bad as they had been feared given lower claims for insurance company? Are we effectively basically pulling forward the cyclical expansion in Class 8 orders in North America and we could see somewhat of a moderation once we regain some sort of a post-COVID normalcy?
Preston Feight: I think we just came-off of the third quarter, which was a good quarter. But we think there is a lot of room for the markets to continue to just gradually strengthen, depending on what happens in the general economy. Related to insurance and stuff, what I would share from our standpoint and play in that is, we make sure that our trucks are able to be equipped with the latest and safety technologies, to support low rates, and to make sure that our customers have vision systems, Lane Departure, and those kinds of features that help our customers keep their drivers and the general public safe. That's why our focus is there. But I think it's -- I think it's a little early after just a month or two of goodness to start thinking about it being towards it -- towards the top.
Matt Elkott: Yes, that's a fair point. And just one last quick question. Do you guys have any manufacturing facilities anywhere around the world that are currently at a higher risk of operational disruptions related to the ebbs and flows of shutdowns and re-shutdowns in COVID transmission?
Preston Feight: That's a good question. We spend a lot of time as a company making sure that health and safety is the number one, two and three priority for us and all of our factories compare best practices, and all of them are operating in a safe healthy way. And so I don't see any greater risk in one place or the other because of the great job, the operations teams have done around the world.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Your line is now open.
Rob Wertheimer: So my question is just on the Vocational segment, we've seen obviously COVID has done uncertain things to municipal budgets around the country. And then construction equipment has been a little bit weak. I don't know if you have an opinion on whether municipalities or related customers are more cautious in their purchasing or whether that recovery is proceeding along with everything else in trucks and maybe a similar question for dumping are there similar related markets to construction. Thanks.
Preston Feight: What we've seen is, we're the leader in those segments, with our great Peterbilt and Kenworth products, DAF products great job of our customers, and I would say the vocational market seems to be doing quite well. It's one of the places where people are spending money on their homes or putting index doing whatever they're doing. And so there's a lot of shipment of goods, for home improvement. There's a lot of construction, still continuing housing starts are strong. And so I think the sector is really doing pretty well. There's oil and gas is down. But in general, the total sector is doing really well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe O’Dea with Vertical Research. Your line is now open.
Joe O’Dea: Hi, everyone. First question, it's good to hear that pricing has been pretty stable through the disruption this year. I'm interested in how you're thinking about the pricing opportunity next year as those builds start to open up in the order book, whether or not at a below replacement demand type of outlook, you see an opportunity to get price or if you think it's going to be more of a flattish kind of environment?
Preston Feight: I think people's pricing expectations are always that we would like to see our trucks continue to provide great service. And as our trucks provide great service and low operating costs, they create a pricing premium for the PACCAR products. And that's kind of the way we think about it, relative to this quarter. And we'll see how the market develops as we look forward.
Joe O’Dea: And then on the fuel cell side of things with Toyota selecting Hino for a Class 8 hydrogen fuel cell truck in North America, does that have any impact on what you've been doing on the hydrogen fuel cell work in collaboration with them?
Preston Feight: No, it doesn't, all right. I mean Toyota is a great partner for us in developing these hydrogen fuel cell products. And it's not an exclusive thing and it'll need, the hydrogen fuel cell market will need a lot of players and a lot of volume to make it commercially viable. So it's accretive to our business model with them.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Adam Uhlman: Hey, guys, good morning. Good afternoon. I wanted to go back to -- I think at the beginning of the prepared remarks, you had talked about the order rates that you're seeing in North America. Could you tell us what the order intake in Europe was for the third quarter relative to last year?
Harrie Schippers: Orders in Europe was 6% compared to the third quarter of last year.
Adam Uhlman: Okay, great. That's helpful. Thanks. And then, I guess more broadly on, we talked earlier about some of the key R&D spend going up into next year. I was wondering if you could spend some time talking about some key programs that would be new and different, that are of meaningful size, that are getting folded into the budget. And I assume some of the spend next year is also catch-up from this year, if you can maybe you mentioned that a little more, because it is a relatively big increase relative to this year, I'm just trying to get at what that normalized rate would be over the medium term?
Preston Feight: Well we have some really exciting -- happy to do so. So we've really exciting truck programs that are ongoing right now that will develop further next year. And we'll be looking forward to sharing those with you when we -- when time is right. We have engine development programs going on with our high performing diesel engine programs around the world. And then you add to that the autonomy connectivity and electrification efforts that our teams are working on. And those are kind of the bulk of the work that we have outlined for next year and the coming years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Salmon with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Rob Salmon: Hey, good morning and good afternoon. A few kind of follow-up questions related to the fourth quarter gross margin outlook. Are you guys baking in kind of a similar aftermarket sales growth rate as you were seeing in September for the fourth quarter? Or is something different kind of baked in, related to your outlook?
Harrie Schippers: The 12% to 13% gross margin, as Preston said, is that we're achieving the best margins in the industry. And we're expected to be in that range despite a mix of more truck and are these more truck growth, the Parts growth. I think you should seeing Parts as being the same a little bit up compared to last year in the fourth quarter.
Rob Salmon: That's helpful. And then the comments you guys had mentioned about sequential growth in deliveries. Was that -- it sounded to me like was more of a comment related to deliveries per day, did -- with the comment about sequential growth on an absolute level relative to third quarter deliveries in U.S., Canada apply or is it too early to tell on that front?
Harrie Schippers: The comment on 10% higher truck deliveries wasn't on the total number, not on a per day number.
Rob Salmon: It was the comment you had made that you would see growth across all segments is what I was alluding to in the prepared remarks. Perhaps I misheard that comment, but I was just curious if it's -- go ahead.
Harrie Schippers: We’re taking build rates up in all our markets. So the increased build rates applies to all our factories. But we do have fewer working days in North America in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter than were in Europe, which is the case every year.
Rob Salmon: Okay. And then the final question I had is related to the charging infrastructure. When you think about historical returns in your Financial Services segment, how should we think about kind of charging infrastructure returns on the investment that you would expect to achieve relative to the broader financial services?
Preston Feight: I would say you could expect at this point to think of them in a similar fashion.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Courtney Yakavonis with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Courtney Yakavonis: Maybe just following-up on that question. Could you just share with us how to think about the sequential increase in deliveries between U.S. and Canada versus Europe for the fourth quarter?
Preston Feight: Well, one way to think of it is that Harrie outlined it really well is think about the build days, what I would rather say is, there's build rates, daily build rates are going up in all markets in fairly good manners. And we think that that could continue. And so that's the easiest way to think about it without getting conflicted about the number of build days in the quarter. So build rates are up, markets are improving, trucks are doing really well. And we think we've got a good look at the future coming towards us.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay, got you. And then maybe just on the Parts growth, I think you had commented thinking that it'll probably be slightly up in the fourth quarter, I think you had previously talked about a lot of deferred maintenance. It was happening at this point, you feel like that's most -- that's largely caught up, and there's not much more deferred maintenance. And then if you can also just give us a sense of the e-commerce platform, I think you had said it was up 20% in the first half of the year, are you still seeing those levels in the third quarter and into the fourth?
Preston Feight: I think the way to think about the Parts business right now is that there is strong truckload business around the country, truckload, Vocational, all those markets are doing well, when trucks are running, they consume Parts. So that's what's happening mostly. So that's why that's one of the reasons that Parts business is doing good. And the other is, as we mentioned, we've got great distribution capabilities, which means we're getting an increasing share of the market Parts business, team is doing a fantastic job, not just proprietary parts, but with all make parts as well. They're TRP brands around the world, so that's contributing to the growth. And then the e-commerce programs that we have put in place or they put in place are just fantastic also. Right, they just -- they help make it easier to buy parts through PACCAR. And that's what the team is always focused on is making our customers lives easier, and doing a great job and providing a transportation solution for them. That really nailed it.
Courtney Yakavonis: Got you, that's helpful. And then just lastly, just a follow-up to the comments about the Toyota-Hino partnership, can you just help us kind of understand what we're thinking about hydrogen fuel cell trucks? How much of it is the design of the truck versus the fuel cell provider that really is going to dictate the difference in performance just based on the different prototypes that you have out there? And are you guys also considering other fuel cell providers in addition to Toyota?
Preston Feight: Sure, I would think about it is the fuel cells a critical part of the business, the truck is a critical part of the business, the integration of the two is a critical part of the business. Supporting them in the field is a critical part of the business, the distribution, all that matters. And so we're paying attention to all elements of that. And I guess to your other questions. Yes, we’re always looking for the great partners to work with. Toyota is a great partner, we’ll work with partners on battery electric, we're always looking for the right people to be partnered with to make sure our customers get the premium trucks we provide.
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Ken Hastings: We’d like to thank everyone for joining the call and thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-21 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR’s Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today’s call is being recorded. And if anyone has an objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR’s Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR’s Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Preston Feight, Chief Executive Officer; Harrie Schippers, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Barkley, Senior Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls, we ask that any members of the media on the line participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. For additional information, please see our SEC filings and the Investor Relations page of paccar.com. I would now like to introduce Preston Feight.
Preston Feight: Good morning. Harrie Schippers, Michael Barkley and I will update you on our second quarter results and business highlights. First and foremost, I appreciate and I’m thankful for our outstanding employees who during this dynamic time have kept their highest priority on health and safety. PACCAR employees kept this focus while delivering excellent production and distribution performance in support of our customers’ businesses. PACCAR achieved good quarterly revenues and net income in the second quarter of 2020. PACCAR’s results reflect limited truck production and aftermarket sales early in the quarter that was associated with COVID-19. Global demand and production and aftermarket sales steadily strengthened throughout the quarter. PACCAR’s second quarter sales and financial services revenues were $3.1 billion, and second quarter net income was $148 million. PACCAR delivered 18,100 trucks during the second quarter. PACCAR Parts achieved quarterly revenues of $824 million and pretax profits of $152 million. Truck, Parts and Other gross margins were 9.6%. PACCAR Financial achieved pretax income of $56 million. The U.S. and Canada Class 8 truck market is rebounding. Class 8 truck industry orders in June were 28% higher than June last year. Customers realize the benefits of low fuel costs and in many sectors, experienced increased freight volumes and improved pricing as the quarter progressed. We estimate Class 8 industry retail sales in the U.S. and Canada to be in a range of 160,000 to 190,000 trucks this year. Kenworth and Peterbilt market share is at 29.6% year-to-date, 0.5 point higher than the first half of last year. In Europe, monthly orders for DAF trucks also increased as the quarter progressed. European truck industry registrations in the above 16-tonne market are estimated to be in a range of 190,000 to 220,000 vehicles. DAF year-to-date share is 15.8%. The South American above 16-tonne market is projected to be in a range of 60,000 to 80,000 trucks in 2020. In the Brazilian above 40-tonne segment, where DAF competes, DAF market share through June increased to a record 9.1%, up 3 percentage points from last year. In all regions, our market estimates assume that economies continue to gradually reopen but could be revised if their returns to lockdown conditions. We’re excited about Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF’s leadership in zero emissions powertrain programs. To date, we have deployed over 60 battery electric, hybrid and hydrogen powered trucks. DAF, Peterbilt and Kenworth have battery electric vehicles operating in North America and in Europe. These vehicles are placed with customers in local and regional delivery, refuse collection and port applications. We expect these customer segments will be the first to adopt battery electric technology because they typically operate in the city and return home every day for recharging. PACCAR is simultaneously developing hydrogen fuel cell powered vehicles and has built 10 Kenworth T680s for customers in the Port of Los Angeles. In the longer-term, hydrogen could be promising for long-haul applications due to its high energy density and its relatively fast refueling times. PACCAR will begin production of battery electric trucks next year. Volumes are expected to grow gradually as the cost of batteries decreases, charging infrastructures expanded and regulations drive customer adoption of these technologies. PACCAR is a leader in zero emissions vehicles. Harrie Schippers will now provide an update on PACCAR Parts, PACCAR Financial Services and other business highlights.
Harrie Schippers: Thanks, Preston. PACCAR continues to provide excellent operating cash flow for reinvestment in future growth and distributions to stockholders. Last week, the PACCAR Board of Directors announced a regular quarterly dividend of $0.32 per share. PACCAR has a strong balance sheet with $4.2 billion of cash and marketable securities, no manufacturing debt and an A+/A1 credit rating. PACCAR Parts achieved quarterly revenues of $824 million, and pretax profits were $152 million. Many customers deferred truck maintenance during April and May’s economic uncertainty. In June, parts demand recovered nicely and is returning to normal levels. To drive growth, PACCAR has made consistent investments in parts distribution capacity and customer-focused technologies. PACCAR Parts opened two new parts distribution centers this year, one in Ponta Grossa, Brazil, and the other one in Las Vegas. PACCAR Parts has also made significant investments in its e-commerce platform, which is benefiting our customers and dealers. PACCAR Financial Services second quarter revenues were $360 million, and pretax income improved from $48 million in the first quarter to $56 million in the second quarter, reflecting strong portfolio performance. Used truck results were stable quarter-on-quarter. PACCAR Financial is increasing our retail used truck center capacity worldwide, which enhances margins. PACCAR Financial recently opened used trucks centers in Denton, Texas and in Prague, Czech Republic, and plans to open another facility in Madrid, Spain. Kenworth and Peterbilt truck resale values commanded 10% to 15% premium over the competition. We have rigorously aligned costs to this year’s market conditions. SG&A was reduced by 33% to $94 million in the second quarter. We are maintaining our R&D and capital investments forecast as we continue to invest in new aerodynamic truck models and advanced powertrain technology. Research and development expenses are expected to be in the range of $265 million to $295 million this year. And capital investments are projected to be in the range of $525 million to $575 million. Customer demand and higher order intake will result in increased production during the third quarter. Third quarter Truck, Parts and Other gross margins are estimated to be in the range of 12% to 13%. Thank you. We’d be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning. A nice quarter. I guess my first question, one, I think you just said you expected production to be up in the third quarter. Is there any way you could sort of give more color in how we think about that by region? I guess, would be my first question, which would be helpful. And then my second question, can you just sort of speak to channel inventory for the industry and where PACCAR sits with regards to channel inventory? Thank you.
Preston Feight: Hey Jamie, good to hear from you. Thanks for taking the time. Start with your first question on truck production for the third quarter first. We saw steadily increasing production through the second quarter and that really is a result of the good freight market that’s out there right now. In fact, if you think about freight, you can think about the levels we’re operating at are kind of similar to the beginning of 2018. So really solid levels of freight going on in the world. Our customers are profitable, fuel prices are low and activity continues to be high. And that’s carrying our build up into the third quarter, as Harrie mentioned, and we obviously build to customer orders. So that’s a good thing. If I kind of look at your second question and think about where we are relative to the industry. Through the second quarter, it was nice because retail sales outpaced build by about 10,000 units for the first half of the year. And that means that inventory, retail build are all well matched up right now. And we feel good about our position because we have about 33% of the orders in the first half of the year. I feel like we’re in a good position right now. We’ve good backlog, good visibility, and we’re substantially full through the third quarter and taking orders in the fourth quarter and into the first part of next year.
Jamie Cook: And sorry, one last question. Just – you commented about the Parts sales. They improved throughout the quarter. Is there any way you can help us with the cadence of the improvement like how did Parts sales year-over-year exit in the month of June relative to where we started off, and I’ll get back in queue after that. Thank you.
Harrie Schippers: So Parts sales in June were, I think, about 6% below June of 2019. So we saw some nice improvement throughout the quarter.
Jamie Cook: Thanks so much.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes, thanks. Good morning.
Preston Feight: Good morning.
Nicole DeBlase: I just wanted to start on a little bit more on order trends in June, the color around U.S. and Canada was really helpful. But could you guys characterize what you’re also seeing in Europe? Have you also seen a significant improvement in the later part of the quarter?
Preston Feight: Yes, that’s great. Thanks for the follow-up on that. We did see Europe also increase its order intake through the course of the quarter and we’re getting good order intake in Europe as well. And we’ve increased build, along with that order intake in Europe, and we have good visibility. In fact, we’re really full in Europe through the third quarter.
Harrie Schippers: Like Preston said, also in Europe, customer activity continues to be good. A couple of days ago, the month statistic for Germany came out and the number of kilometers driven on German motorways for which Germany collects taxes was only down 4% compared to a year ago. So it means that 96% of the miles were driven the same as last year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ann Duignan with J.P. Morgan. Your line is now open.
Ann Duignan: Yes. Hi, good morning. Maybe you could talk about market share in Europe, DAF at 15.8% year-to-date. I think that was comparable to 16.7% a year ago. And then longer-term, if I look at everything that’s happening in Europe with the Green Deal and all of the news in the last couple of days about their push towards hydrogen, I noticed that neither DAF nor PACCAR are a member of the Hydrogen Council or the Hydrogen Initiative in Europe. So can you talk about DAF’s strategy for fuel cells and hydrogen in Europe? I know you talked a lot about the EV strategy, but a little bit more longer term, can you talk about what – how they might react to a hydrogen environment? Thank you.
Preston Feight: Yes. Good to talk to you, Ann. From a market share standpoint in Europe, we look at that, and we have pretty good market share. We’ve got good order intake. What we see is the relative positioning has been the shape of the market in Europe. During the COVID event, some countries were closed down longer, deliveries were delayed and different countries at different sizes of the market. So some of it is just cyclicality and timing of that as we see the market right now. When we look into the zero emissions vehicles, specifically around hydrogen, I’ll – let me kind of characterize PACCAR’s strategy there. We have a three-pronged strategy, which is really – first have to have the technologies, and that can be battery, electric and hydrogen fuel cells we come down the line. So we have great technology. Our teams are on top of all of the capabilities and are developing these vehicles. I’m really proud of the engineering teams and R&D teams around PACCAR that have done just a fantastic job of having us in that leadership position. So that’s one element is just being aware of the technology and having it on vehicles. Second element that’s going to be critical to that is having good distribution when it comes to market. So a dealer network that works really well. PACCAR obviously is very proud of our relationship with our dealers and they’re best in the world and do a great job. And so having the ability to sell and support, take care of our customers, that’s a big deal. And then the third part of being able to have electric vehicles or hydrogen fuel cell vehicles is you have to have flexible manufacturing capabilities so that you can combined not just zero emissions but clean diesel technologies and run them down the same line, so you can maintain efficiencies and be profitable in that way. And in PACCAR’s case, we have actual factories that exist and can build vehicles. So that’s kind of nice. And I would say that specific to hydrogen fuel cells, where your question was really pointed to. We mentioned in our disclosures that we have 10 trucks we’re putting into operations in the Ports of L.A., they happen to be Kenworth T680s, but we have a global approach technology, and we can use DAF, Kenworth and Peterbilt, leverage each other’s capabilities. So it’s really – that’s just where we’re starting right now, but they can be applied in Europe when the time is right.
Ann Duignan: Great. Thank you for that. And can you just maybe then expand on the 10 trucks that are going to L.A.? How long does it take once you put trucks, these 10 trucks into pilot testing or whatever? What are the time lines? And what kind of time frame should we be thinking about before these trucks would actually be commercialized? I’m just trying to get a sense of what needs to happen to go from 10 trucks to commercialization? Thank you.
Preston Feight: Sure. Happy to do that. The trucks that we’re putting in the ports, some of them are already gathering miles. And those trucks are in a partnership with Toyota, it’s a fuel cell provider there. That’s going really well as well as Shell from an energy hydrogen provider. The time to production, commercialization, there’s a cost element to that, which has to come into play. Hydrogen is $12 or $13 per kilogram. And in order for it to be really efficient from a commercialization standpoint, it needs to be in the $2 or $3 per kilogram range. So that’s a little bit. There needs to be infrastructure put in place as well. And then the cost of fuel cells needs to come down. So we don’t see that as something that’s a near-term commercialization. We see that as a 5 to 10-year kind of a window where it might play itself into the market.
Ann Duignan: And that was a North America response, not to Europe? Or do you feel the same in Europe.
Preston Feight: That was same in Europe. That response is really a global response. The economics work the same way.
Ann Duignan: Okay. I’ll leave it there and follow-up offline. Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet. Good to talk to you again.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Stephen Volkmann: Hi, good morning, guys.
Preston Feight: Hey, good morning, Stephen.
Stephen Volkmann: Maybe we can go back to Parts. I think you said sort of the exit rate in June was down about 6%. Do you kind of foresee us getting back to flat or even growth in the second half in the Parts business?
Preston Feight: Yes. That would be kind of a fair way to characterize it. Stephen, it’s obviously going to depend on how freight goes as trucks move, parts move. And so we’ve seen good truck movements. So we anticipate good parts movement. And we’ve got a – the team has done a great job of developing our capabilities, continuing to develop our capabilities. They’ve put in place a new e-commerce system, which makes it even easier for customers to get parts the same-day or next day. We’ve just launched two new PDCs, one in Las Vegas, Nevada and the other one in Ponta Grossa, Brazil, which makes it having the right parts and the right locations even better. And so yes, between the general economic state and our fantastic team in the Parts division, we do expect the second half to look really good.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay. Great, thanks. And then maybe a little more broadly, you’ve done a really pretty amazing job, I think, with decremental margins in the Truck business, considering how low production was in the quarter. And I know you talked, Preston, about some of the cost actions that you’ve taken. I’m curious as things start to rebound in the second half and presumably into 2021. Is there any reason to think that your incremental margin might be higher than the historical kind of 15%, 20%? Or is the stuff that you’ve done more kind of temporary and we should just kind of think of the history as being a good guide?
Preston Feight: Fun conversation to have. We always think about cost control and we’re rigorous in that application, and the team did a great job, did a great job in a really dynamic time in this quarter. Controlling the cost, while still working on the really important projects we have going on. And so we made the right progress on the cool things that we’re going be introducing in the coming years. And as far as its relationship to incremental margins, we’ll watch how the market goes as we look into the out phase and see where that goes. And some of the stuff is structural and some of it is depending on what we want to spend the money on and where there’s a good return.
Stephen Volkmann: Understood. Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi, good morning, everyone.
Preston Feight: Hey, good morning.
Jerry Revich: I’m wondering if you could just expand on your fuel cell supplier strategy. So obviously, you’re working with Toyota on consideration of 10 trucks. Do you view that as the structure going forward where you would have a single fuel cell supplier? Or how do you see that evolving? And are there any different configurations that we should be thinking about, whether we’re talking about trucks in Europe versus U.S. versus different fuel cell type applications that might lend itself to a different engineering design? Can you just expand on those points, please?
Preston Feight: Going to turn the engineer me on, Jerry. To say that it’s early days on these technologies right now as far as their readiness for commercialization. So the most important thing for us is to be abreast, involved with, partnered with great companies like we have our great relationship with the current supply base and watching how it develops. There’ll be some invention. There’ll be some cost downs during the coming few years. And our goal is to make sure that we’re in a position to provide our customers the lowest operating cost vehicles whenever the market is ready for them, when there’s infrastructure, when there’s regulation and when the technology is ready. And so it’s early days, and we feel like we’re really on top of it, and we’re focused on a plan that is actionable and buildable.
Jerry Revich: Okay. So we’ll stay tuned. And in terms of – out of your cost performance, what really stands out is the SG&A reduction, in particular. Can you just talk about how many – how much of that was driven by furloughs or on that item specifically, I think you addressed the gross margin performance previously, but can you talk about how much of the SG&A reduction stays with us here as production recovers?
Preston Feight: Some of it was furlough, some of it was structural.
Harrie Schippers: And some of it was travel, too. So as we see production and activity levels go up in the third and fourth quarters, I – some of this will be sustainable, and some of the activity levels will be higher. So…
Jerry Revich: Okay. And then lastly, can you just comment on your material cost performance in the quarter given all the moving pieces on the supply chain? Were you able to achieve net benefit from lower parts – lower input costs? Or did that get eaten up by airfreight?
Preston Feight: No, it was relatively flat. There was puts and takes in all those areas on as we came back up in production.
Jerry Revich: Okay. Appreciate the discussion. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Gilardi with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Ross Gilardi: Hey, good morning, everybody.
Preston Feight: Hey, good morning.
Ross Gilardi: I just was going to go back to just the near term truck delivery outlook. I said a little bit of hesitation for you guys to provide too much guidance there, realizing there’s still a lot of uncertainty, but can you help us at all? I mean are we looking at a 10% increase Q2 to Q3, a 50% increase? Like should we think about it kind of getting halfway back to where you were in Q1? And just how is the normal seasonality going to be impacted by COVID? Where you have the normal summer shutdowns in Europe, for example? And any other color you can provide there would be really helpful.
Preston Feight: Yes. Yes, happy to. If you look at Europe, we’ll have our normal summer shutdowns that began last week or this week. So we have that going on right now. And in general, we – as we’ve said, we will build the trucks to order. We’re substantially full through the third quarter. So that gives you some kind of clarity of what’s going on there. We’re seeing – taking build rate increases where they make sense to take them. And I think like the whole world, we’re watching how the situation develops and customers are looking at how the situation develops. So providing too much beyond that feels a little bit early.
Ross Gilardi: Okay, got it. Maybe, Preston, just I’d love to hear your thoughts just – and how you’re thinking about it from a planning perspective, just the shape of the cycle from here? I mean, it’s – obviously, you saw a nice improvement off of the extreme loads in April as the quarter progressed. But do you think we’re in a real V-shape recovery here? Or did we just see a kind of a sharp bounce off the bottom and perhaps headed for several years of kind of below replacement demand environment as the fleet ages and just everybody out there deals with a lot of uncertainty. Just general thoughts on that will be really interesting.
Preston Feight: Well, I think the easiest thing for us to do is watch how the truck market is doing, watch how freight is being hauled, watch housing starts, auto industry and a lot of activity in the auto industry right now. Housing starts are strong right now. And the general economy seems to be gathering momentum and rebounding. The shape of that curve, I don’t know. I don’t know that it’s so simple to characterize that way. But we feel good with the way our customers are succeeding. And as customers are succeeding and hauling freight and there’s movement in the world, then that’s good for PACCAR.
Ross Gilardi: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Casey with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Andy Casey: Good morning and afternoon, everybody.
Preston Feight: Good morning and afternoon, Andy.
Andy Casey: A lot has been answered already. But in the – looking back at the quarter, you had Truck revenue modestly outperformed volume. Could you comment on if that was pricing mix or something else?
Preston Feight: We’re having a hard time thinking about what your question really is. Can you kind of give us another spin at that?
Andy Casey: Yes. The Truck volumes were down about 100 basis points more than revenue on the Truck segment. And I’m just wondering, given you probably had some currency headwinds what the main drivers were?
Harrie Schippers: There was a little bit of currency headwinds, but that’s not material. Maybe it’s in the market mix or the product mix, I didn’t look into the detail of that, yes, okay.
Andy Casey: Okay. Okay. Thanks, Harrie. And then switching back to the zero emissions powertrain discussions, primarily on this timing for hydrogen. A lot of market excitement out there, but it doesn’t really sound like your expectation in terms of when that technology could potentially impact the market change too much relative to what you said last year. Is that correct?
Preston Feight: I think you’re accurate. That’s correct. We think there’s a lot of long-term promise for hydrogen, but it’s long-term promise.
Andy Casey: Okay. Okay. Thank you very much.
Preston Feight: You bet. Good day.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Raso with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
David Raso: Thanks for taking my question. I’m trying to better understand the third quarter gross margin guide, based on the midpoints implying a better gross margin in the first quarter. And I know there was the $50 million engine hit to the first quarter. But just trying to triangulate volume versus gross margin. I mean the first quarter had over 38,000 deliveries. This quarter just had 18,000. To have the third quarter gross margin above the first quarter when you ship the 38,000, I’m just trying to understand somewhat implicitly, I mean, the number that should be above 30,000 units. But even then, you would still need pretty strong mix be within the geographies, the type of trucks. And of course, you highlighted Parts should do relatively well. Can you just put all that together, just some sense of a better gross margin in the third quarter than one quarter. But again, you’re not even half of the trucks that you delivered in the first quarter, in the second quarter. So we’re all just trying to get a sense of, I mean, is it 30,000 deliveries, 35,000, because obviously, it’s impressive if you can have that higher gross margin with that much less volume delivered 3Q versus 1Q.
Preston Feight: Well, I mean, you did a great job of characterizing it, actually, David. I mean think about the second quarter, five of 12 weeks were down, we’ve returned to normal build rates now. So build rates are steady and growing, as we said. And at good levels and two shift operations. And we would see the third quarter looking a lot more like the first quarter in terms of volumes. And the Parts business is strong and strengthening. And so those things together are as you put them together, get you to that 12% to 13% gross margin range. Feel good about the third quarter.
David Raso: That’s helpful. Okay. Because it kind of dovetails into the question of you can tell about the wholesale receivables coming in, your dealers destocked well. But your own inventory didn’t go down much, right, which, to me, indicated you must have some confidence on your builds for the third quarter, and your comment right there does suggest that there’s a big ramp.
Preston Feight: Yes, you’re correct.
David Raso: Okay. That’s all, just checking. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Preston Feight: Yes, we’re growing the inventory through into the – because we’re growing the build, strong relationship.
David Raso: Terrific. Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fisher with UBS. Your line is now open.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Good morning, guys. I just wanted to ask about the finco a little bit more. Wondering if you could talk about the – how much of the $25 million year-over-year decline in the profitability was a function of higher credit provisions versus lower used truck values. I think you said the used trucks were stable, but I wasn’t sure if that was a pricing comment in particular.
Harrie Schippers: The used trucks being stabilize quarter-over-quarter. So if we compare to the second quarter of last year, used trucks results were down as a result of lower used truck prices in general. We’ve been adding used trucks centers, as we discussed. And although used truck prices are down, we do get a 10% to 15% premium for our used trucks. And the credit loss reserve has a small impact also compared to last year credit losses were up $4 million and interest yields and spreads were down a little bit, too. Although we have a very strong portfolio currently with a very healthy mix of A and B customers and really low past dues, which remains well below 1%.
Steven Fisher: Okay. That’s helpful. And then could you just talk about the supply chain? How close to full production and delivery rates, would you say they’re running now? And are there any spots that you’re kind of still keeping an eye on for any concerns?
Preston Feight: Our suppliers are doing really well. Everybody that in this industry has done a fantastic job of responding through the last quarter and putting in good safety and health and safety protocols. Those are in place, and the supply base is doing a great job of providing products.
Steven Fisher: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Thein with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Tim Thein: Thank you. Good morning. The first question is just on the Truck gross margins. Are you able to give us any color as to where you were exiting June? Just from a margin perspective, obviously, the quarter, I’m sure I had quite a bit of variability in it. Can you segment that precisely in terms of where – again, where you exited June from a gross margin standpoint?
Preston Feight: Harrie?
Harrie Schippers: Yes. Obviously, June was better than the second quarter average as we were ramping up production again and getting back to close to normal build in Trucks and close to normal sales in Parts. So yes, June was – ended the quarter strong.
Tim Thein: Okay. All right. And then maybe just on Parts, and I’m curious if kind of a similar question, just from a standpoint of mix and maybe what that – you talked about the pause in activity and some fleets deferring maintenance, which is fairly intuitive. I’m guessing you probably had fewer engine overhauls in the quarter as well. Is that – does mix enough margins, do you expect that to improve in the second half noticeably? Or is it just kind of leverage with the improvement in revenues that you’re forecasting?
Harrie Schippers: Of course, Parts margins are higher than Truck margins. And if Parts stay higher than Trucks, that has a favorable effect on the overall margin. And we saw that in the second quarter, could happen later this year, too.
Tim Thein: Okay. The question here is more just Parts specific, i.e., did you sell the margins on the sales in the first half with of Parts? Is it a lower, is it less favorable mix because of just the type and the nature of the products sold or not – is that not a meaningful factor?
Preston Feight: I think we understand your question. No, no. I think that wasn’t significant as far as proprietary versus all makes Parts mixture, it might have been a little impact, but it was much more about the deferring of maintenance and just what happened in April and early May with our dealers and what our customers are doing in watching the uncertainty and then they rebounded through that and have accelerated out of that.
Tim Thein: Got it. Okay. And then just last one, Harrie or Michael, maybe just quick modeling one. The step down in D&A from the first quarter, should second half look more like the first or the second quarter from a D&A expense standpoint?
Michael Barkley: D&A? What do you mean by D&A?
Tim Thein: Depreciation and amortization was $70 million in the first quarter, went to like $51 million or $52 million.
Michael Barkley: Yes. We have a lot of depreciation is on a unit to production basis. And so when production goes down, the depreciation necessarily follows. And so as production goes up, you’d expect that to go up some as well.
Tim Thein: Okay. Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Adam Uhlman: Hi. Good morning, good afternoon, everyone. I was wondering if we could speak some more about European truck fundamentals. I guess you noted that used truck pricing was stable here in the U.S. Could you expand on what’s happening over in Europe and how these truck inventories look? And then I’ll wrap with a second question into it. I guess you mentioned that Europe orders improve through the quarter. But I’m not sure if that means that we’ve actually gotten to year-over-year growth like we saw in the U.S. Maybe you can just touch on that first.
Preston Feight: Sure. The European market is, as Harrie said, anything, the good thing to think about is that mount mileage and it’s off slightly from last year’s very high levels. And so it continues to be good. Order intake continues to be strong in Europe. I think that as we think about some markets, they’re just opened up in the last 30 days where border travel and things were allowed. And so they’re still finding their way into that. Deliveries are still happening into the Eastern European countries. And we see strengthening throughout the European market. And that’s just a – there’s a little bit of – it was an unstable period there for a couple of months, and now it’s stabilizing and strengthening, and that’s what we’re seeing happening.
Adam Uhlman: Do you get the sense that there was kind of demand that we’ve refilled now and there could be a step back? Or are there any indicators that you look at within the order books that give you confidence that there’s sustainability to it?
Preston Feight: Yes. I think we have a high degree of confidence that the order book is well matched to our production rates and that we see good order intake. As I said, we’re effectively full through the third quarter in Europe, which is great. Good visibility. Orders continue to come in. And we continue to look at the business just smoothly accelerating.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Your line is now open.
Rob Wertheimer: Hi, everybody. I had two questions, if I may. The first one, maybe it’s a little bit of a soft ball, but your op margin was really remarkable in a quarter with maybe maximum disruption, I suppose, just on volumes and also just what you had to do with workforce and so forth. Obviously, versus 2009, you did better. And obviously, Parts are one sort of a long-term success story. Is there anything else you’d highlight that’s sort of structurally different that allowed you to perform so well this quarter? And then I had a strategic one to follow-up.
Preston Feight: Sure, let’s start with that one. And I think we’re really proud of the team throughout PACCAR. They did a great job of treating every cost is variable, always do and did this time as well. And you mentioned too – you mentioned Parts is an important part of the business, which has grown and provides great stability and capability for our company. And the finance company also is another leg of that, which has a great job of having great new business volumes that came in through the course of the quarter. Good spreads on the business. They operate really well and a fantastic part of PACCAR’s team.
Rob Wertheimer: Okay. Okay. That’s helpful. I want to follow-up off-line in a couple of other things. But just one big picture strategic, you obviously got hydrogen, electric, autonomous, a lot of different technology streams that you’ve been as you do using the supply chain to sort of leverage and evaluate and so forth. And you saw one of your competitors partner up more closely with TuSimple. Can you give us a sense of the time frame on when big strategic decisions might be made? Do we have to worry about announcements like that? Or do you think on each of those different streams, hydrogen, electric, autonomous, we’re two or three or four years away from critical points? Maybe just give us a sense of how much to worry when or think about when things like that happen?
Preston Feight: Sure. Happy to do that. I think the key to keep in mind is the customer at the end of the day is interested in the lowest total cost of operation. That’s what the trucking companies like to think about. That’s what they’re trying to deliver. And they’re doing that, and they’ll use zero emissions vehicles, whether they’re battery electric or hydrogen fuel cells to do that. And so what we do is evaluate those technologies, develop those technologies and bring them to market as soon as they’re ready and commercially the right answer or regulations ask us to bring them to market. We think that’s – they develop iteratively. We’re always making those strategic decisions about which way things will go. We continue to develop zero emissions vehicles while we develop clean diesel at the same time because that’s going to be the mode of power for the coming years, primary mode of power for the coming years. And then on autonomy, it’s a great technology. We have strong partnerships with a lot of autonomous vehicle companies. We have developed autonomous vehicles. If you look around at the space, and you’ll see that a vast majority of the vehicles that are operating in L4 modes in trial are Peterbilts and Kenworths and DAFs. And so we’ll watch that technology and when it’s ready, we’ll bring it to our customers.
Rob Wertheimer: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Salmon with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Rob Salmon: Thanks. And I guess to piggyback a little bit in terms of some of the Parts questions a little bit earlier. In the Q, I think you had noted that Parts is down about 6% in last month. Could you give us a sense of kind of what the exit rate as we left June and then what we’re seeing kind of early in July from a Parts revenue standpoint? Has that inflected positive at this point? Or is it still down on a year-over-year basis?
Preston Feight: And Parts is really returning to normal right now. I mean, as Harrie characterized it, right? It’s recovered nicely. It’s strengthening. And the easy way to think about it is as trucks move, they use parts and trucks are moving. So Parts are getting used. And our team is doing a great job of supporting the customers and kind of very much return to the strong normal.
Rob Salmon: That’s helpful. And we’ve seen a real nice kind of uptick in terms of spot demand and a lot of load indicators. Also, we’ve seen a nice improvement in the U.S. with regard to contracted volumes with the truckers. Have you seen an improvement kind of in the month of June and into July from a used truck performance with regard to the price realization that you guys are seeing? Or is that – was that pretty stable kind of throughout the – throughout 2Q and into July thus far?
Preston Feight: Yes. We had great volume in June for used truck sales, both in Europe and in the U.S. and Canadian markets. So that was good. What we’re seeing is some green shoots in terms of the pricing in the used truck market right now, and that’s positive.
Rob Salmon: I appreciate the time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe O’Dea with Vertical Research. Your line is now open.
Joe O’Dea: Good morning, everyone. Just one question on new technologies and specifically, the battery electric that you plan to have in production next year. How do you envision sort of going to market with those? Are you comfortable leasing those vehicles? Is that something that you’re primarily looking not to carry on your books, just given early stages, uncertainty on residuals, trying to understand how you think about selling them?
Preston Feight: Yes. Fun to talk with you about that. I mean we think the EVs that come into production next year could be leased or purchased, both are available PacLease, as you know, they’re celebrating their 40th anniversary into the great leasing operation. So we can run them through PacLease, and we can also have the customers purchase them. When we bring something to market, we have confidence in its performance, and we do with the electric vehicles when we bring them out. The price point is obviously, at this stage of the development. And next year will be higher than diesel. But I think people are interested in seeing what that technology feels like in their fleets. And then obviously, we have regulations coming in the 2024, 2025 time frame where some markets will need the electric vehicles. And so that’s what’s going to bring some gradual increase in demand.
Joe O’Dea: And from a regional perspective, the 2020 launch is for both Europe and North America?
Preston Feight: Correct. We’re developing trucks for both Europe and North America in 2021.
Joe O’Dea: Got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Courtney Yakavonis with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Courtney Yakavonis: Hi, thanks for the question, guys. Just following up on Joe’s question, when we’re thinking about – I think a lot of your comments about the kind of the modest growth has come from the demand side. But can you help us understand what are the bottlenecks in terms of switching your lines to battery electric from an investment perspective in the factory? Are you taking a diesel line and just switching it to battery? Or is it more complex than that? And what’s the length of time? And I guess, if demand ends up surprising to the positive, how quickly can you ramp those production levels on battery electric and then same question for hydrogen acknowledging that, that’s a little bit of a longer time out.
Preston Feight: Courtney, good to talk to you. From a demand standpoint and from a flexible manufacturing standpoint, it is really important to note, you’ve been to many of our factories that when you look at PACCAR’s factories, we build the order, they’re custom trucks, they can be configured with various displacements of diesel engines or different numbers of axles and et cetera and et cetera. And our teams and our operations teams do a great job of being able to integrate different designs on to our main line. That’s one of the real core talents that PACCAR has. And electric vehicles will be the same kind of thing. We’ll be mounting them on our lines and whether it’s the batteries, the electric motors, capabilities will all be mounted online. And we have flexible lines that can accommodate that in low and high volume. So we’re prepared. It’s really nice to have actual factories that are able to build trucks. And we can do that today, and we’ll be able to accommodate all the demand in the future.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay. Thanks. That’s helpful. And then just on the Parts, you mentioned that your e-commerce sales increased, I think, 20% in the first half. Can you just comment a little bit on what customers were purchasing? Was that mostly dealers? Or was it customers you haven’t historically been exposed to, I think you’ve done a good job kind of broadening the reach of your Parts business over time. I’m just curious if this is another avenue or if it’s really just been replacing existing Parts customers?
Preston Feight: It is – it’s a mixture of both, Courtney, it’s some dealers, some customer orders. It’s a great system that gives them that flexibility to get what they want and to see the related parts whenever they need to. It makes it a little bit quicker to receive the parts, but it’s all parts of the business. So there’s some replacement, and there’s some new demand that comes from it as well.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay, great. And then just lastly, you talked about the strength in orders in June in both the U.S. and Europe. Can you just comment on which customers are you seeing coming back first? I think last quarter, you talked a lot about vocational being strong. Is that still what’s driving the order book at this point? Are you seeing kind of some of those core TL customers come back?
Preston Feight: It’s pretty broad. I mean the customers coming back are broad right now. It’s some of the bigger customers in the various sectors. That are continuing to use trucks, so they’ll need to replace trucks. They might have postponed to buy for a quarter, but now they’re ordering. The vocational market continues to be strong, and we’re doing really well in medium duty. So all kind of seems to be growing equivalently right now.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Kauffman with Loop Capital Markets. Your line is now line open.
Jeff Kauffman: Thank you very much and congratulations. I was kind of curious, are your customers asking you for anything different these days? I mean we’ve pulled back from the abyss, but there’s a lot of P&L pressure in the industry. There’s a lot of struggling carriers out there still. What’s changing in terms of what customers are asking for in the vehicles?
Preston Feight: Yes. I think it’s easier to say what’s constant and what’s constant is they want great trucks. They want premium products that support their brands, help them operate efficiently in their businesses, lowest total cost of operation. So great fuel efficiency, and they want a truck they’re proud of. And that’s DAF, and Peterbilt and Kenworth and makes their drivers happy, and that’s an important part of their operations. So I think those fundamentals stay right with us right now. We’re happy to provide those great trucks.
Jeff Kauffman: Granted. But in terms of options, packages in terms of things people want to see on the truck, is any of that changing with the customers or no, not really?
Preston Feight: I think you could see there’s been an increase in the past several years of safety systems as people want to see just the continued availability of ADAS kinds of features, Level 1 features growing towards Level 2. So that’s something that’s come along.
Jeff Kauffman: All right. Well, that’s my question. Thank you very much.
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Ken Hastings: We’d like to thank everyone for joining the call, and thank you, operator.
Preston Feight: Thanks to everyone. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR’s earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-21 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PACCAR’s First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today’s call is being recorded. And if anyone has any objections, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Preston Feight, Chief Executive Officer; Harrie Schippers, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Barkley, Senior Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls, we ask that any members of the media on the line participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general, economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. For additional information, please see our SEC filings and the Investor Relations page on paccar.com. I would now like to introduce Preston Feight.
Preston Feight: Good morning, everyone. Harrie Schippers and I will update you on our first quarter results and our business highlights. I'd like to begin by expressing my sincere thanks and appreciation to all PACCAR employees for their dedication, hard work and their upbeat spirit as we tackle today's challenges and work towards a bright future. The trucking industry has been declared as an essential business. PACCAR employees along with our dealers are providing critical support to our customers who are delivering medical supplies, food and essential services to our communities around the world. I also want to express my gratitude and thanks to the millions of men and women who are working hard to support those affected by the pandemic. I'm pleased to share that the PACCAR Foundation has donated $2 million to United Way and other organizations to help our communities.  Over the next few weeks, we are beginning a gradual resumption of truck production at selected factories. The specific restart timing for each plants and office location is being aligned with government directives, implementation of our work and social distancing measures, parts availability from suppliers and our business needs. During this gradual restart, our highest priority is on ensuring the health and safety of our employees and their families. Looking at our first quarter financial results, PACCAR achieved good revenues and net income. PACCAR's first quarter sales and financial services revenues were $5.2 billion, and first quarter net income was $359 million. PACCAR delivered 38,400 trucks during the first quarter. PACCAR Parts achieved quarterly revenues of $999 million. Parts pretax profits were a record $215 million, 3% higher than the same period last year. Truck and Parts gross margins were 12.3% in the first quarter. The first quarter results included $50 million in higher accruals for product support costs. PACCAR Financial achieved pretax income of $48 million. DAF, Peterbilt and Kenworth delivered excellent heavy duty market share in the first quarter. Kenworth and Peterbilt’s U.S. and Canada market share increased to 30.4% compared to 30% for the full year of 2019. DAF's European market share increased to 16.7% in the first quarter compared to 16.2% last year. And in Brazil in the above 40-tonne segment, first quarter DAF market share increased to a record 8.7% compared to 6.1% last year, fantastic work. PACCAR has steadily grown market share over the long-term by delivering excellent value to our customers in terms of product quality, innovative technologies, and low total cost of ownership. The global macroeconomic environment is uncertain at this time. Therefore, we will not provide guidance on estimated 2020 truck industry market sizes, next quarter’s truck deliveries and gross margins and PACCAR Parts revenues. Our employees are doing an excellent job managing through the pandemic. We are rigorously aligning cost to the changing market conditions, including reducing capital investment, and research and development costs. As a result of the Company's strong culture and discipline, we've achieved 81 consecutive years of profitability and have a bright future. Harrie Schippers will now provide an update on PACCAR Parts, PACCAR Financial Services, and Other business highlights. Harrie?
Harrie Schippers: Thanks, Preston. PACCAR continues to provide strong operating cash flow for reinvestment in future growth and distribution to stockholders. Operating cash flow was $416 million in the first quarter. PACCAR delivered an excellent return on invested capital of 23% over the last five years, due to a combination of strong profitability and a consistent conservative approach to investing in the business. Yesterday, the PACCAR Board of Directors announced the regular quarterly dividend of $0.32 per share. PACCAR has a strong balance sheet with $4.3 billion of cash and marketable securities, no manufacturing debt, and an A+/A1 credit rating. PACCAR Parts achieved quarterly revenues of $999 millions, which is comparable to the same period last year. Parts pretax profits were record $215 million, 3% higher than the first quarter last year. To drive growth, PACCAR has made consistent investments in parts distribution capacity and customer focused technologies. PACCAR Parts will open two new parts distribution centers this year: One is Ponta Grossa, Brazil; and the other one is in Las Vegas, Nevada. PACCAR Parts has also made significant investments in e-commerce platform, which is benefiting our customers and dealers in this challenging time. PACCAR Financial Services first quarter revenues were $384 million and pretax income was $48 million, reflecting lower used truck sales results. Kenworth and Peterbilt truck resale values command a 10% to 15% premium over competitors’ trucks. PACCAR Financial is investing to increase its retail used truck sample capacity worldwide, which enhances its used truck sales margins. PACCAR Financial recently opened a used truck center in Denton, Texas and plans to open additional used truck -- in Prague, Czech Republic and in Madrid, Spain this year. PACCAR Financial Services has excellent ongoing access to the debt markets, including commercial paper on a regular basis, -- issuing commercial paper on a regular basis. During the first quarter, PACCAR issued 3 and 5-year term notes, totaling $632 million. In addition, in early April, PACCAR Financial issued, $400 million 3-year fixed rate notes. We have reduced 2020 capital expenditures by $100 million to a range of $525 million to $575 million and have reduced research and development expenses by $45 million to a range of $265 million to $295 million. PACCAR’s strong financial position enables us to continue investing in important capital and R&D projects in all market conditions. And finally, we thank our excellent independent Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF dealers for their support of our customers. Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF dealers are well-capitalized and have invested $2.6 billion in their businesses in the last 10 years. These investments continue to make a significant contribution to PACCAR’s Truck market share PACCAR Parts and Financial Services performance. Thank you. We'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question today comes from the line of Stephen Volkmann of Jefferies.
Stephen Volkmann: Maybe, perhaps, let me go back to your opening comments. I'm curious about -- a little more detail about how you're thinking about reopening production because you mentioned a number of things there. You mentioned sort of local regulations, you mentioned parts [ph] availability and then you mentioned kind of market demand. So, there's sort of three buckets to think about there. But, can you give us any more color of the rate of reopening that you might expect as we go forward?
Preston Feight: I'd tell you that the most important thing as we think about restart is, again I just keep reemphasizing this is the health of our employees, their families, our concern for getting it right, making sure we take care of them. That's number one, that's number two, and that's number three for us actually. And then, as we look about it we obviously want to make sure that we have alignment with the government agencies, that's really important to us, so that we are staying aligned with best practices for how we can reopen and restart society. It's also important that we think about our supply base and their readiness for the restart for our factories to make sure we stay aligned with them, and then of course our business needs. So, all those things together are where we're thinking about it. And we’re really pleased with the best practices that we put in place in the factories, as far as temperature checking for our employees, the distancing protocols, separation of the employees, the spacing and barriers and then wearing masks, personal protective equipment and enhanced cleaning. So, all those things are going into our approach for reopening the factories. It is going to be a gradual reopening. It's going to be done on a location by location basis in a phased manner. We already started some this week, factories, kind of in the start of the operations in Europe and in Australia. And then, we will work through the rest of our plants in the coming weeks and make sure we take care of the employees and bring the truck factories back up and running.
Stephen Volkmann: So, would you expect to have everything back up and running at some level by the end of the quarter perhaps? What's a good way to kind of put bookends around that?
Preston Feight: That's a long window, and I feel pretty good about that. I think, we’re thinking it sooner, but we obviously don't have the final answers and we are working through that in a constructive way with the local agencies and supply base.
Stephen Volkmann: Great. Thanks.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Casey of Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Andy Casey: Thanks and good to talk to everybody today.
Preston Feight: Good to talk to you too.
Andy Casey: I guess, following on Steve's question, PACCAR really has a strong supply chain management track record. You mentioned that that's one of the factors. Couple of questions if I may about that. First, have you encountered any smaller suppliers running into liquidity issues? And then, second, it seems like the world may be looking at kind of a piecemeal reopening in terms of when to ease the current virus containment efforts. How much of an impact/challenge could that have or be to get your operations back up and running?
Preston Feight: Great question. It's a fun thing for our teams to be working through right now with our suppliers. We have such a good communication with them right now that it's really helpful to know when you can tell the relationships matter. We're paying attention to what they're doing and when their restart timings are. And large and small suppliers have been doing a really good job of keeping us informed of their readiness. And they are doing the same things we are. They are trying to take care of their employees; they're trying to make sure they stay in line with the governments; and then they're moving forward with restarts. And so, so far that's part of the whole puzzle we're putting together and getting the truck factories back up.
Andy Casey: Okay. And then, just a question on the quarter and the Truck segment. Now, the decremental margins were somewhere around 25% and 26% revenue drop. It's not highest PACCAR has ever seen, but it’s kind of higher than typical. You mentioned product accrual was running high. But, could you give us a little more color on what kind of growth, the margin compression? I mean, obviously some of it is the shutdown.
Preston Feight: Well, I think that as you mentioned, we had the $15 million that we took the opportunity to book for the improvement of our continuous refinement of our engines, our MX engine was a lot of that. We are doing some software and hardware upgrades on the engine. So, that's something that we want to do is make sure that our customers keep having the best experiences that come with our engines. And as far as what the future looks like, we're going to see how the pandemic works its way through the system. And that will certainly be something we're all watching closely. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs. 
Jerry Revich: I am wondering if you could just give us an update on dealer inventory levels when we were pressing discussion we had last quarter, obviously we had different environment. But, I'm wondering if you could give us an update on declines in dealer inventory levels in March and anticipated declines from here and a conversation around timing of the restart. I'm wondering the calculus has evolved at all, given potentially an opportunity to lean out inventories before we're ramping up production?
Preston Feight: Sure, glad to. So, the North American industry has roughly 3.8 months of retail sales in inventory. PACCAR has less than that. We have 3.4 months retail sales through March for Kenworth and Peterbilt dealers. And of our 3.4 months, roughly half of that is at bodybuilders. So, that's being worked on right now. And so, our inventory is in really good shape right now. 
Jerry Revich: And in terms of the Parts part of the business, can you talk about what the cadence has been in April? Obviously very steady performance in the March quarter. I'm wondering if you’d be willing to talk about what kind of trends you've seen so far in April.
Preston Feight: One of the things that's interesting and just kind of gives a little help I hope is that 75% of all goods are moved by trucks. And so, a lot of the trucking companies are really busy right now and they're moving around the country taking care of our communities. And as that's happening, those trucks end up consuming parts. So, there was a lot of strong activity in March and we still have going on in April. And we'll kind of watch how the quarter develops. But, we expect our Parts team to continue to perform really well. And they have great programs. And one of the things that's been nice to watch is their e-commerce programs and the way they're handling our customers and working directly with customers and dealers to support these critical needs is going really well.
Jerry Revich: And then, in terms of the operational discussion, the conversation you just had with Andy on the warranty program. So, if we back out the warranty program, decremental margins would have been 20%. Is that the sort of run rate that we're comfortable thinking through, or is the level of being shut down for most of April, if not all of April, does that throw that type of decremental margin out -- off filter as we think about what this quarter might look like?
Preston Feight: Yes. I think that we’re -- your assessment of the impact of the product support fees does match into the margin. But, I would say that looking forward and what is going to be going forward, we're going to watch how the situation develops and when we get our factories running and what the state of the economy is in the second quarter.
Jerry Revich: Okay. And maybe just a clarification on the warranty program. Was that just a one-time Over-the-Air software update across the population, or could you just give us some context behind what exactly that warranty item was?
Preston Feight: Well, we have the opportunity to optimize the performance of our trucks and engines, mostly on our MX engine for the 2017 to 2019 engines. And so, that was hardware and software upgrades. And this accrual we think we got that all covered and making sure that our customers have optimally performing trucks and engines, always part of our game plan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Thein of Citigroup.
Tim Thein: First question I had was on loss provisions within the FinCo and I think, were certainly higher than I was expecting, at least the absolute level was, not -- obviously not directionally. But A, if you could comment there in terms of -- is there a specific region or a customer set that maybe you'd call out? And I'm just thinking about how that potentially looks going forward. Should we, at least, shorter term have a more challenging backdrop for truckers, at least in North America? So, maybe just how to think about again loss provisions and what you experienced in the quarter?
Harrie Schippers: The $50 million increase in credit loss provision reflects the weaker economy. And weak economy under the new CECL accounting standards resulted in a more volatile number. So, with the weak economy, the calculation resulted in $50 million higher credit loss provision. If we look at the finance company, the portfolio is in really good shape. We have a very healthy mix of very good A and B customers. And past dues remain really low, currently less than 1%. So, finance company is in good shape. But the weak economy and the accounting standards drive most of that increase in credit loss reserve.
Tim Thein: Maybe just one last one question. I'm curious from the Parts team how -- I'm not sure how closely they follow it. But in the K, and I know you're not talking or you’re not giving guidance on parts sales specifically. But, kind of jumped out at me, I saw in the K put out a forecast the other day that they expect, and again, this is not to say this aligns with PACCAR exactly. But, I'm talking about parts demand to be down like 20% in the U.S. I'm just curious, if you had any comments on that?
Preston Feight: Well, I don't really have any comments on the case numbers. I know that -- what we're watching is a team that's got great programs and really strongly positioned to support with not just parts but knowledge, and they're doing a great job of that. And as I said, talking to a lot of customers and our dealers, there is a lot of activity still going out there and we'll support at the level it's needed.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan of JP Morgan. 
Ann Duignan: On the used equipment values, about 28% of your finance book is European, and most of that, I think is probably guaranteed residuals. So, can you talk about these pricing in the FinCo business and what that might manifest itself -- how that might manifest itself as we go forward here?
Harrie Schippers: Used truck prices in Europe came down a little bit in the first quarter. North American used truck prices was mostly flat, of course down compared to where we were a year ago. Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks commanded 10% to 15% premium over our competitive vehicles. So, we're in a really good shape from that perspective. But adding used struck retail centers, opening one in Czech Republic this quarter, just added one in Denton, Texas. The used truck inventories, as far as we can tell in Europe are a little bit higher than where they've been, especially for the industry. Thus, used truck inventory is in relatively good shape, if you compare it to where the rest of the inventory -- the industry is. Anything you want to add to that?
Preston Feight: That's exactly right. I mean, we have a lower percentage of the inventory of used trucks in Europe than the industry does. And that puts us in good position.
Ann Duignan: But you did call out Europe -- used prices in Europe being weaker than they were a quarter ago or weaker than they were last year.
Harrie Schippers: A little bit lower than a quarter ago and lower than a year ago, but…
Preston Feight: That's kind of industry wide.
Harrie Schippers: That's industry wide. Yes.
Ann Duignan: Okay. And then, just on production cuts, can you give us any kind of direction in terms of the number of deliveries, truck deliveries you had in Q1? And any ideas as you ramp back up, what you would expect deliveries to be quarter-over-quarter? I mean, I know you can't see past the second quarter. But, as you ramp, any direction, at least give us a ballpark for Q1 and then where we might think about Q2 being?
Preston Feight: Sure, Ann. We can talk a little bit about that and that deliveries were 38,400 for the three-month period. But, as far as what we'll see going forward, like I said, I'd come back as -- our biggest focus right now is making sure that our employees are well cared for. And as we watch that and take care of that, then we'll ramp back up our production, align that to the demand and we'll see where that takes us in the second quarter.
Ann Duignan: Okay. I'll leave it there in the interest of time. Thank you.
Preston Feight: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Raso of Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Raso: Hi. Good morning. My question is sort of bigger picture, trying to think about this period, the nuances of how this is different or similar than ‘08-‘09, so that how you -- what are the differences or similarities between how you're handling this period and that period with maybe three things in particular, if you could address at a minimum. You mentioned in your prepared remarks, 81 consecutive years of profitability. Obviously, back in '09, there were two quarters that were basically around breakeven. Just wanted to see if you could address the idea of this being your number 82, which is if your willingness to speak to that. Second, the gross margin declines roughly were kind of 14.5%, 15%. They dropped down to 8% to 8.5% in 2009. Just trying to get some sense of magnitude, what's different about the business model, more parts, whatever it may be. And lastly, the special dividend. Your balance sheet, the equipment company was still net cash back in '09, but you still chose to greatly reduce the special dividend year-over-year. Just wanted to try to weave those three key pieces in answering the question of the differences and similarities of today versus the great recession?
Preston Feight: Sure, David. Good to talk with you. First off, you got to start by thinking that we did succeed in '08 and '09. And as we look at the Company right now, as we sit here in 2020, we're an even stronger company than we were there. We have $4.3 billion in cash sitting on our balance sheet. We have great liquidity. We have great access to liquidity in the market still that hasn't changed during this timeframe. Our parts business has grown over that more than a decade, and it's just a foundational part of our business, does a great job. And we have an experienced leadership team that has been through a lot of cycles. And we know how to manage things, we know how to control costs, and we have amazing trucks and engines out there. The MX engine is doing a great job and it's 43% of our builds. So, that's helpful to us from a Parts standpoint. Just the business that we've built is really strong and is doing a good job of taking care of our customers. And freight continues to move in this environment. So, we feel positive about our future and the product we have on the field and those that we're developing.
David Raso: But, could you address those three issues to some degree? Just the idea of however you feel the flex in your costs, how the situation may be, and even just your framework, it sounds like you do expect obviously some uneven, but at least some reopening of the factories in the not too distant future. Can we look at '09 as a guide point that if you were able to stay profitable in that environment, this should be similar? The gross margin is getting cut in half roughly, a little bit better than that is a framework and also the handling of the special dividend. If you can just give some parameters of the difference now versus then for those three issues in particular?
Preston Feight: Well, let's just take the last one, you mentioned the dividends. And we announced our dividends yesterday for the first quarter, $0.32 a share, which is a strong indicator of what we've done. We have a great history of dividends and we'll look forward to what our future is going to be and that's a Board decision and we take care of that as we progress through the year, based upon the results. I think that -- I don't think that it's a fair thing to think of it as an '08-'09 kind of a thing, they are just different. Each situation is unique. And what we've got is freight being moved, kind of giving you the kind of the -- the truth of the matter is the freight is being moved. Our Company is well-built. We have a great position in terms of our liquidity, our cash position, our product investments. Our trucks are the best in the world. And that feels pretty good.
David Raso: And the comfort in the larger parts business and a business that's more on your own vertically integrated drive train than back then. Is that something else that we should take a little more comfort in versus '09? But at the same time the unevenness of the production, it's really less of almost your decision that when you can ramp up. I mean, is that the yin and yang here better about Parts, a little more uncertain about the Truck margins, just given in a way a bit of out of your hands?
Preston Feight: Sure. We have the stronger foundational parts market. We have the growth in our engine business, right, '08, '09 wasn't here in North America. So, that's good. I think, the other thing to think about the share growth over that timeframe has been significant. So, we've had really strong share growth over that time, which contributes extra volume to us. And PACCAR does a great job. Our team is so good at adjusting the business, both in capital and expense side to think about how the business should be run. And so, we really do adjust to market conditions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Tiss of BMO.
Joel Tiss: So, just to follow up on kind of the thrust of Ann and David's questioning. Does your intelligence, like what you know and see today and hear, does that give you a sense that by the end of the second quarter, you'll be able to give us more, whatever it is, like a clearer view of what the rest of the year looks like and how things play out?
Preston Feight: I think, as a general sense, it seems like by the next quarter gets through us, we’ll have a lot more information than we do today and we'll share with you what we can at that point.
Joel Tiss: And then, I wonder if you could give us a little bit of a sense like you're kind of hinting at flexibility in the factories and every time you walk through, there's fewer and fewer people or there's more automation, whatever the right way to say it is. Can you give us a sense of some of the internal focus points? You guys are kind of using this pandemic as an opportunity to come out of this situation stronger over the next 5 or 10 years than you were going into it?
Preston Feight: Well, I think, what I look at is first -- the first thing that comes to my mind is when we go to our factories, when I go to our factories, I meet with our people, whether it's in a distribution center or a truck factory or anywhere, it's just how impressive they are. And we have such an incredible group of people and they're just exceptional, they're just exceptional people. I'm so proud of them and what they're doing. So, they're the ones that are everyday thinking of new ways to optimize our efficiencies and effectiveness and they do it every day. And they continue in that vein. And we Six Sigma as a great tool for ourselves and optimizing and we'll continue doing that. This is accretive time for us as we look at truck production and how we come back. And we'll learn some new things and they’ll be helpful to improving the business and making us even more effective and efficient as we look forward.
Joel Tiss: Your employees are going to make a recording of this and come back to you and ask for a raise next January. Thanks very much.
Preston Feight: They are the best in the world. They are fantastic.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Leiker of Baird.
David Leiker: I want to try and dig through a little bit of kind of the segments within the trucking space and your customers. I mean, there are some parts that are strong, consumer focus, package delivery focus. There are some that are really weak, energy and auto related. Could you talk a little bit about that customer mix for you, for your products, and how that would compare to the industry overall in general?
Preston Feight: Sure. You did a good job of summarizing what's really going on as if you look at refrigerated carriers or protein haulers. They obviously have just seen a shift in where their business is going. So, those long-haul trucking companies that are delivering that are doing well. Vocational segment is where we're a market leader -- the market leader. And that business has been strong. And I mentioned that part of our inventory is at bodybuilders right now. So, that inventory is being built, being ready for production for a summer season. And I think, as you look at some of the over the road trucking companies, it varies by company. Talking with some of them, they have a good base of customers. And those that have a good base of customers, they're will really well positioned. And there, as you said, the energy sector has been lower but the yin to that yang is that fuel prices are down 20%. And if fuel prices are one third of the operating costs for a trucking company, then that's helping them from their operating models as well. So, that's kind of you -- you characterized it well. And that's a little bit more information on it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Ross Gilardi: Good morning, guys.
Preston Feight: Good morning, Ross. 
Ross Gilardi: I have two questions. First on the PDCs and the two additional ones that you're going to add. Can you quantify at all how big of a global increase in parts footprint that this will represent when you open them? And do you worry at all about adding parts distribution capacity in the middle of a recession? And I'm trying to just get at like how many -- you guys have added a lot of distribution centers over the last 5 to 10 years, and granted, that markets not going to move like -- is volatile as the overall truck cycle. But, if we're in a slower economy for a longer period of time, do you bump up and will limit some point as to how much you can continue to expand that that distribution network?
Preston Feight: Sure. We have 18 distribution centers, we'll be adding two more that was down in Las Vegas facility a couple of weeks ago, new one, it's just beautiful. And I know the employees are excited to move in there as we're talking about it. I think, one of the things that's happening is there's always opportunity to gain share. And we continue to use those distribution centers and the best practices around them to gain share. For example, our distribution centers are more closely aligned to our dealer body, then we're able to deliver more overnight parts to our customers and keep their uptime at maximum levels, which is one of our key objectives. That gives us a competitive advantage against the market. So, that's part of the thinking. It’s not just about parts and storing, it's about getting them to the customers as quickly as possible, and that's been really successful for us and helping the parts team grow the business.
Ross Gilardi: Okay. So, is it fair -- are they all fairly similar in size? If you're adding to on a network of 18, is this sort of like a 10% increase? And will the business benefit from just some type of pipeline fill in the -- I don’t know if that'd be a second quarter event or a second half event that will help continue to support the top-line for the parts business this year?
Preston Feight: So, you're right in saying it will continue to support the top line growth of the business. And yes, roughly 10%. There is some variation in the size of the PDCs, but they're roughly the right order, same orders of magnitude.
Ross Gilardi: Okay, got you. And then just lastly, can you quantify your energy exposure? I realized that it's tricky. But maybe at the very least, you could you could tell us what portion of your U.S. and Canadian dealer network is located in the Gulf region or other energy-dependent regions? And anything like that would be really useful.
Preston Feight: Yes. We have a very diversified portfolio. It's not concentrated overly in the energy sector. So, the dealers that have -- there are some dealers that obviously have more exposure. But, our dealers are doing just such a great job of building their businesses that they have good absorption, good parts and service businesses throughout diversified customer bases, even for themselves. And so, dealer body is in really good shape and managing that well.
Ross Gilardi: Okay, thanks. 
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Jamie Cook: Hi. Good morning. And I'm glad everyone is healthy and okay in this environment. I guess, just two questions. One, can you just talk to, like on the truck side in Europe and in the U.S., like what you're hearing from your customers in terms of trends in April. And I understand that you don't want to give an industry forecast, but what your customers are sort of telling you, how they're thinking about the year because that would imply you're probably managing your business for that for whatever they're telling you? And then, I guess, just my second question, understanding your taking initiatives to cut R&D and CapEx, but how do you think sort of the coronavirus impacts people's view around alternative technologies, like EV or fuel cell relative to diesel, in particular with diesel prices lower now, perhaps we focus more on economics. So, if you could help give color on that that would be helpful.
Preston Feight: Yes, sure. Good to talk to you, Jamie. I'd say from a customer standpoint, we do talk to a lot of our customers and the dealers and keep track of what's going on. And there is -- as we said before, some segments are doing well and some are experiencing moderate slowdowns. And that's to be expected in a situation with this much dynamic factoring going into it. But, it's got a good customer base and they do a good job managing their business. So, they're making the adjustments. And if there's some trucks that are not as fully utilized, that's true. But, I'm pretty impressed with how they talk about their business and their customer base. And again, they're an essential part of our economy and they will continue to move freight and are continuing to move freight. So, that's pretty important to keep perspective on. From a tech standpoint and R&D and CapEx alignment to that, when I look at that and say, you have some really neat programs going on and we're continuing on some of the exciting programs that we have within our portfolios, and some of those are R&D related. So, whether that's battery electric vehicles or work that we're doing, that work's going to continue. We're going to keep moving along and doing the critical things that are going to build a bright future for our Company and provide our customers the lowest operating cost possible. So, it's kind of a bit of a look at what's going on. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher of UBS. 
Steven Fisher: You guys called out some nice market share gains across the regions. What is your order share in backlog, tell you about what your market share of retail and production might be over the next few quarters, and are there any regional differences?
Preston Feight: Well, I think, we have seen good market share gains, as we mentioned, the 30.4% in the U.S. and 16.7% in Europe and really strong 8.7% in Brazil; and in the medium duty side also good growth in both Europe and North America. So, that's been good. And as far as what order intake has been, I think the last month we have numbers for we had was March and we had 38% of the order intake in the month of March. We're in a good position.
Harrie Schippers: Some more color on Europe. I think the market share growth to 16.7% for DAF has been in most markets, especially the UK. The UK, share in the first quarter grown to 35%. So, we’re really benefiting from the fact that we have an excellent factory in Leyland and are able to build our trucks for the UK, in the UK.
Steven Fisher: Okay. And then, you have some plans to open up some international used truck centers. How much better do you expected the used margins to be at these company-owned retail centers versus any other used sales channels that are out there?
Harrie Schippers: Those used truck centers, one of the benefits that we have is that they predominantly sell to retail customers. And the margins we make when we sell a used truck to a diesel customer are significantly higher than selling them to wholesalers or other customers. So, those used truck centers really give us a very nice return on our investment there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weber of RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber: Actually I wanted to follow up on Steve's last question on the used sales mix. Is there any color you can provide on sort of where you see the channel mix works today, where you think it's going as far as retail versus wholesale or auction, anything that we can kind of use to frame what the opportunity there is to get the margins up?
Preston Feight: What I look at is, the PACCAR Financial team has done a really good job of building this used truck center network and we've seen even in the U.S. uptick in the recent time of more retail activity flowing through the used truck centers. And as we build like the one in Prague and expand our capabilities, that just creates an outlet for the strong customer demand for PACCAR products and the used market. And it gives them a good place to go to get a young truck that's going to serve their needs really well and they're happy to buy those trucks from us, because they know what they're getting. That helps values.
Seth Weber: And then, sorry, if I missed this. But, have you talked to just the new truck pricing environment? I think, last quarter, you said it was up about 2%. I'm just wondering, if anything has changed given the macro and also the weakness in used pricing. If anybody -- if any of your competitors are doing anything irrational, or is that you still seeing positive pricing on the new truck side? Thanks.
Preston Feight: Well, I’ll let you talk to the competitors and what they do that's irrational. But for us, what we see is steadiness in pricing. And I think there continues to be a strong desire to have the best trucks, which are Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Courtney Yakavonis from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Courtney Yakavonis: I was wondering if you could just share with us a little bit more detail on how to think about some of the fixed costs associated with the plant shutdowns and then also with the plant reopenings. And if any of the protocols that you're enacting that could last for a bit longer might impact the cost basis over the next 12 to 18 months?
Preston Feight: Sure. As far as the protocols we're implementing, come back to the statement, because it's core to us. Our biggest focus right now is making sure that our employees are cared for and operating in healthy and safe environment. And so, those protocols, things like temperature testing, when they enter the facilities and making sure there's 6 feet between them or 1.5 meters in Europe that we have put up spacing and barriers, where we're building the trucks. The people are wearing masks that we're doing great cleaning and that we're comparing all of our practices that I just described to other industry leaders to make sure we have the best practices in place. Those will carry on as long as they need to make sure that our employees are healthy and protected. And they're involved in the process and want them to feel comfortable with their environments. And that's really important to us. And then, as far as the costs that we experienced. We’re -- Company is always thinking about capital costs and expense costs and looking for ways to reduce them. And our teams are fully focused on that. That's why you see the reduction in the CapEx spending plans that we outlined in our opening comments, and why we are looking at R&D reductions that we can take, just so that business is optimized and set up for this industry cycle.
Courtney Yakavonis: Is there anything you could share with us, just maybe about factory overhead costs that might not be getting cut just for the week that you're shut down? And then, if there's any difference between the shutdowns in North America versus in Europe?
Preston Feight: Yes. The difference is that we have furloughs from employees during the stopping point. And that's what we've done in North America and Europe. In the Netherlands, the good relationship with our unions there and with our employees there and with the government there, and they've been able to help us support people still working during the shutdown, the overhead side of the business. And that's great, because we're continuing to make progress in these practices to keep a healthy and safe environment, and even on the engineering side, they are continuing to work on new projects and processes that are aligned with government support programs.
Harrie Schippers: And those support programs are in place, not only in the Netherlands, but also in Belgium and UK and qualifies to all those programs.
Courtney Yakavonis: And then, just lastly, your parts margins did hold up very well this quarter. You mentioned that you've been building out the e-commerce platform, but are you seeing any structural changes that you think might last in terms of how your customers are interacting with that business in this environment?
Preston Feight: I think that -- I think this may hasten the move towards more and more e-commerce in the parts business. And our team has built a great system to make that available for the customers, for the dealers to work with, and we continue to use the e-commerce, MDI systems to help everybody have the right parts at the right places at the right time, so that we can make sure our customers’ uptime is optimized. There may be a little bit of a move towards that furthering. And that's good for PACCAR and good for our parts team.
Courtney Yakavonis: Great. Thanks. 
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Elkott of Cowen. Your line is open.
Matt Elkott: Good morning and thank you. So, the truckload industry, which is an important part of your customer base, had been dealing with some headwinds like rising insurance premiums and low freight rates, which was resulting in a lot of market exits. But now, they also have the tailwind of lower diesel prices. So, my question is, if we start to see an economic rebound, while at the same time oil prices lag and remain relatively low, which would be good for the health of the truckload industry, do you have any sense of how quickly that could translate into higher orders and how we could see a benefit from that?
Preston Feight: That's a good commentary you offered. I think it's a truth of the confluence of the pandemic and the low oil prices and the fact that customers continue -- our customers, trucking companies continue to deliver freight. And when they're delivering freight, they're putting miles on trucks. And so, that bodes well for us in the future because they're consumable and over time will need to replace them.
Matt Elkott: That makes sense. And then, just one follow-up on the balance sheet side. You don't have manufacturing debt, but you do obviously go to debt markets in your financial services segment. If this economic crisis intensifies and morphs into our financial crisis, do you think you may have to borrow on your manufacturing segment for your financial services segment?
Harrie Schippers: So, you’re right. PACCAR has a very strong balance sheet with a $4.3 billion in cash, a strong A+/A1 credit rating and no manufacturing debt. And that is exactly how we like it. 
Preston Feight: And we've had good access to the markets, we do. We have great credit ratings and good access to the markets. And we've had no trouble in getting midterm notes and our issuances in the first quarter were $632 million. And we did an issuance in April for $400 million. And we've got really good position to support our financial services business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felix Boeschen of Raymond James.
Felix Boeschen: I really just have a quick question around how to think about the Parts business going forward. I think, obviously Trucks still moving as a positive for the business. But outside of looking at industry truck utilization, was there anything we should think about around the strong 1Q performance in that business, dealers building parts inventory, given some uncertainty ahead or any color in the way you think inventory levels might be today?
Preston Feight: Sure. I think that the most significant factor is the team at PACCAR Parts has done a great job with -- alongside of our dealers with having the right kind of systems in place to support the customers. And so, they become a go to organization in these times. And they're doing a great job of meeting the demand there. And I think that there -- obviously, as the situation is dynamic, people were looking at that. And so, they want to make sure that part is on the shelf to take care of the customers. They've done that. And as we move forward, they're consuming those parts and they’ll reorder.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of I shouldn't mention the line of Faheem Sabeiha of Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Faheem Sabeiha: Just for starters. As far as the social distancing and the staggered shifts that you guys are employing in the factories, would that have any impact on production capacity?
Preston Feight: Excuse me. What was the last part?
Faheem Sabeiha: Would that have any impact on production capacity?
Preston Feight: I think that we always -- we think that in the market we're in we have sufficient capacity. And even bringing in these great best practices will have a sufficient capacity to build for our customers' needs.
Faheem Sabeiha: Okay. And can you provide some color around the order intake and cancellations that you've been seeing so far at least through April? I just want to understand if your backlog is essentially holding or shrinking at this point?
Preston Feight: Yes. I think that through the month of April, our backlog actually improved and increased because we weren’t building trucks. And so, we do have good backlog through the second quarter and we'll watch how that carries on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer of Melius Research.
Rob Wertheimer: My question is just on your visibility into any future supply chain disruption from all the obvious impacts. Does that feel like a major uncertainty still, or is your visibility in the supply chain and how your suppliers are working seeing less volatile and less of a disruptive risk?
Preston Feight: We're working really close with all suppliers, have daily contact with them. And we have great strong supply base. We choose them for their strength and continue just alignment with them so that when we restart, they're ready to go, and align with us, being ready to go. So, there are daily conversations. There's nothing that seems unstable right now. It's just making sure they’ve put the best practices in, care for their people, which they want to do and align up with the government directives.
Rob Wertheimer: And you’ve made a number of helpful comments on parts? Are you able to say from telematics or otherwise, how far miles driven or down in April just to give a sense of real time pulse of the economy?
Preston Feight: Yes. That's interesting. We do have -- in North America all of our trucks are connected. So, the people that can work, trucks are connected. And we watch vehicle miles traveled and we watch utilization of the fleet. And while it's down just a little bit, it's also holding up pretty well and remains at high levels over the historical framework.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe O'Dea of Vertical Research.
Joe O'Dea: With respect to the facility restart and you talked about deploying safety protocols and government regulations and supply chain. Can you talk about any government regulations today that prevent you from operating, and are there protocols that you have not yet deployed or are sort of facilities ready to operate and regulations aren't restricting you, and it's just about sort of comfort level with supply chain?
Preston Feight: We continue to work in alignment with the initial declarations, which is that trucking is an essential business and the parts supplies and essential business. So, that's one of the things that we work with and then the others to make sure that these best practices we put in for our employees are sufficient and are robust and protect them well. And those two things in alignment are what define our restart strategy.
Joe O'Dea: And so, you're still rolling out some of those safety protocol actions at facilities?
Preston Feight: Indeed we are and staying lined up with each seat in their directives as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Salmon of Wolfe Research.
Rob Salmon: I guess, kind of piggybacking on some of the adjustments you guys have made to the factories to obviously protect the employees and respect social distancing. Is there any cost quantification that you can kind of help us think about whether it’s the impact to gross margins or kind of incremental costs per piece associated with the cleaning, with the temperature taking, as well as spacing out employees a little bit more than we would historically have seen?
Preston Feight: No, there's nothing that's that concrete. We take the temperatures of the employees we're going to or as they come back into the factories pre-production, make sure everybody is healthy when they come to work. That's good for everybody. And then, the teams are doing a really good job of just bringing in safety protocols that work with truck production. And that overlay has gone very well in our factories where we're starting up.
Harrie Schippers: And like Preston has said, the number one priority is the safety of our employees. And there might be some costs associated with that, but that's not the number one player.
Rob Salmon: Of course, you have made that very clear and we'll kind of keep that in mind. As we're looking forward, as we look through kind of the first quarter, can you give us a sense of what the parts revenue cadence was by month? Like, do we see any sort of major difference in your parts revenue in the month of March relative to January-February?
Preston Feight: It was relatively flat through the quarter. I mean, there were weeks and differences by weeks, but it was relatively flat through the first -- for each of the months.
Rob Salmon: That's helpful. And then, on the provisions for losses on receivables. With the step up that we saw obviously kind of tied to the economy, are you seeing any difference in terms of the receivables that you have for customers relative to dealers in kind of one of those two channels? Was there a big customer impact? I'm just trying to better understand as we think about the impact looking forward.
Harrie Schippers: We talked about the past dues being really low. Most customers are in a good position to pay their bills on time. Finance company is doing well. We're financing a stable portion of the trucks that we sell and with all good well-dated customers that pay their bills.
Rob Salmon: I appreciate the time, guys.
Preston Feight: You bet. Have a good day.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Kauffman of Loop Capital Management. Your line is open.
Jeff Kauffman: Thank you very much and thank you for taking my question. I guess, two quick questions. Number one, following up on what Jamie was asking earlier. Is it just more deferral on CapEx and R&D or more of a structural adjustment where maybe we're not going to do certain things. And where do you think in terms of -- I think, Jamie was hinting as the EV movement slowing down because low fuel prices and pushing things out. But, in terms of looking at R&D programs or capital spending, where is the flex, and kind of what do you think should be pushed out in this kind of environment?
Preston Feight: Happy to answer that question with you. So, I would say that is whether deferred or canceled, we have a great portfolio of projects. They all have good returns and provide values for our customers. And so with those projects, often what we're looking at right now is, can we do a phase now, can we postpone a phase to a later point. Very few of them will cancel. We just look at how well they can be done and how do we can more efficient in doing them. And as that lies into the EV movement or to autonomous vehicles or connected vehicles, those technologies really continue to be progressing into the truck industry in the coming years. PACCAR is going to continue to be a leader in offering EV vehicles to our customers and developing autonomous vehicles, leveraging partnerships and working with suppliers and doing in-house developments, so that we can have all of those ready when our customers want them. And we will continue to have that leadership position.
Jeff Kauffman: Okay. That answers both questions. Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet. Thank you.
Operator: And there are no further questions in queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the Company?
Preston Feight: Yes. I guess, I would just like to close by saying thank you to everybody for the calls. And again, just to recognize the outstanding people in our Company that are doing such a fantastic job and then also to recognize those people that are handling and managing and working with the COVID situation around the world. And our heartfelt thoughts and prayers are with them and we're all going to come through this stronger in the final analysis.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR’s earnings call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-28 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PACCAR's Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations and joining me this morning are Preston Feight, Chief Executive Officer; Harrie Schippers, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Barkley, Senior Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls, we ask that any members of the media on the line participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general, economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. For additional information, please see our SEC filings in the Investor Relations page of paccar.com. I would now like to introduce Preston Feight.
Preston Feight: Good morning. Harrie Schippers and I will update you on our excellent fourth quarter and record full year 2019 results and business highlights. Thanks to PACCAR's outstanding employees around the world, 2019 was the best year in the company's 114 year history. PACCAR achieved record revenues of $25.6 billion and record net income of $2.39 billion, a 9.3% after-tax return on revenues. PACCAR strong financial performance in 2019 benefited from PACCAR Parts record pre-tax profits of $831 million and PACCAR Financial Services pre-tax profits of $299 million. PACCAR has achieved 81 consecutive years of net income and a total shareholder return in 2019 of 45%. The company has paid a dividend every year since 1941. In 2019, PACCAR declared dividends of $3.58 per share a 16% increase over 2018. Total dividends declared were a record $1.24 billion. PACCAR's fourth quarter revenues were $6.1 billion and fourth quarter net income was $531 million. PACCAR delivered 45,700 trucks during the fourth quarter compared to 49,300 in the third quarter. There were fewer build days and lower build rates in North America compared to the third quarter. [Indiscernible] remained steady. The U.S. economy performed well in 2019, which contributed to a strong truck market. In 2019, U.S. and Canadian Class 8 truck retail sales were 309,000 units, the second highest truck sales in history. During 2019, Kenworth and Peterbilt combined market share increased to 30% compared to 29.4% in the prior year. In 2020, the U.S. economy is expected to grow by about 2%. The new U.S. MCA and China Phase 1 trade agreements could provide upside in the economy and are good for PACCAR. We estimate that 2020 U.S. and Canada Class 8 truck market to be in a range of 230,000 to 260,000 vehicles. European above 16-tonne truck registrations were 320,000 vehicles in 2019, reflecting continued robust customer demand after several years of steady economic growth. DAF delivered a strong 16.2% market share. In 2020, the European economies are projected to continue growing and we expect another excellent truck market with above 16-tonne registrations in a range of 260,000 to 290,000 vehicles. I would like to recognize PACCAR's high performing Kenworth, Peterbilt, and DAF dealers who are the best in the industry and important contributors to our success. Truck and parts gross margins were 14.4% in the fourth quarter. Truck pricing increased during the quarter, more than offsetting costs. In the first quarter, we expect deliveries to be 5% to 7% lower than the fourth quarter due to normalized markets and build rates in North America. First quarter truck and parts gross margins are estimated to be around 14%. PACCAR continues to take a rigorous approach to controlling costs throughout the business cycle and delivers industry-leading operating margins. Other 2019 accomplishments included PACCAR delivering a record 199,000 trucks worldwide. Kenworth, Peterbilt, and DAF expanding the range of battery electric, hybrid, and hydrogen fuel cell trucks in field testing with customers; and South American deliveries increasing by 60%. The company's focus on sustainable business practices were recognized by the environmental reporting firm CDP. For the second consecutive year, PACCAR achieved an A rating, which puts us in the top 2% of more than 8,000 companies which report to CDP. PACCAR is one of only 35 companies in the United States to earn the A rating. In addition, we're proud that Peterbilt, Kenworth and PACCAR Parts were recognized as top workplaces for women by the organization Women in Trucking. Harrie Schippers will now provide an update on PACCAR Parts, PACCAR Financial Services, and PACCAR's investments in future growth.
Harrie Schippers: Thanks, Preston. In 2019, PACCAR Parts generated record annual revenues of more than $4 billion and record annual pre-tax profit of $831 million. Annual parts revenue grew 5% and profit grew 8% compared to 2018. Parts fourth quarter revenues were $994 million and quarterly pre-tax profit was a strong $205 million. PACCAR has steadily increased its truck and engine market share over the years, resulting in a greater number of PACCAR trucks and engines in operation. At the same time, PACCAR has consistently expanded its network of parts distribution centers such as the ones opening this year in Las Vegas, Nevada, and Ponta Grossa, Brazil. Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF dealers have made large investments to increase their service capacity. The growing part of PACCAR trucks and power trains and the enhanced parts distribution and service network grant [ph] future long-term growth. In 2020, we estimate part sales to grow by 4% to 6%. PACCAR Financial Services achieved 2019 records in annual revenues of $1.48 billion, new business volume of $5.6 billion, and portfolio assets of $16.1 billion. The portfolio continues to perform well with low past dues and low credit losses. Fourth quarter pre-tax income was $68 million, the same as in the third quarter. PACCAR Parts and PACCAR Financial Services profit contributions enhance PACCAR's financial results through all phases of the business cycle. I'm pleased to share that in 2019, PACCAR was recognized for its products and manufacturing innovations. DAF earned Truck of the Year awards in the U.K., Poland, Czech Republic, and Slovakia and the Green Truck Logistics Solution Award in Germany. Kenworth Chillicothe and Peterbilt Denton each earned a prestigious 2019 Manufacturing Leadership Award from the National Association of Manufacturers. At the CES Technology Show in Las Vegas earlier this month, PACCAR showcased a Level 4 autonomous vehicle and two battery electric trucks. We had a terrific turnout of people interested in PACCAR technology and the opportunity to see the trucks first-hand. Kenworth, Peterbilt, and DAF have each announced that they will begin producing alternative powertrain trucks in the next 12 to 18 months. PACCAR is a leader in all powertrain technologies that drive our industry including diesel, battery, hybrid, and hydrogen fuel cell. PACCAR invested a record $744 million in capital and $327 million in R&D expenses last year. In 2020, we're planning capital investments in the range of $625 million to $675 million and R&D expenses of $310 to $340 million. These capital and R&D projects will develop the next generation of fuel-efficient vehicles and enhance the company's manufacturing and parts distribution facilities. Thank you. We'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tim Thein with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Timothy Thein: Thank you. Good morning. Preston, maybe, the first one just on the guidance here for the first quarter. I'm looking at build rate in the industry level at least projected build plans for North America calling for a modest -- a small sequential step up from 4Q to 1Q and I'm curious how PACCAR fits into that in terms of within the context of that I think you said down 5% to 7% deliveries where North America fits in relative to Europe and some of the other markets?
Preston Feight: Sure, as we just said, we do expect deliveries to be overall 5% to 7% lower and that's kind of matching to where the market really is. North America is more of that than Europe is. Europe's been fairly stable for us through the fourth quarter and into the first quarter and real issues matching to where the normalized market has become where we're seeing the normalized market. So it's nice for us as we have a pretty good percentage of the backlog, I think it is roughly 34% of the backlog and compared to the inventory where there -- we are a smaller percentage of the inventory. In fact, we only have about two months' worth of inventory, 2.5 months of inventory sitting in there. So we are in pretty good shape that way and it's just normalizing to the market.
Timothy Thein: Okay, all right and then on the margins in the first quarter, there is obviously, you'll get a little bit more help from a seasonal perspective in the second quarter, but how are you considering that roughly 14% margin today in the first quarter relative to the full year?
Preston Feight: So when you look at the first quarter and it's kind of where we stop our guidance to it is we look at the 14%, I think that's really continuing to deliver as PACCAR does excellent industry leading margins and that's kind of consistently good for us and we're pleased to be able to deliver that and that's really because of the performance of our teams on the truck side, the financial services side, and the Parts team and in composite that works really well.
Timothy Thein: Alrighty, I will now pass it on. Thank you.
Preston Feight: Okay, thank you. Have a good day.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is Thompson Rich [ph] on behalf of Ann.
Preston Feight: Hello.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, quick question on SG&A, which came in a bit higher than we had modeled for the fourth quarter. Can you just talk about what drove the year-on-year increase. Is Q4 a fair run rate for 2020?
Preston Feight: When we look at SG&A, one of the nice things for PACCAR is we have the lowest SG&A in the industry by a [ph] substantial. We do a great job of managing that. As a percentage of sales, it was actually down in 2019 at the end of the year and we always take a look, we have a rigorous approach to cost control at all elements of the business both in up cycles and down cycles and we continue to manage that cost to the great levels we maintain. It's how we think about it. Consider very little things, very little is fixed costs and just try to do a great job.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And can you discuss new orders in North America and Europe for PACCAR relative to the industry. I think last quarter you noted your backlog represented 36% of the industry backlog. Where does it stand at the end of Q4?
Preston Feight: Sure, our backlog is really sitting around 34% is what we have now. As we look at orders, orders are a complicated thing because it depends on everybody's inputs for what's an order and what's been canceled. So what we think about more is we make sure that what we're building has a firm order a customer name on it, and that's what we do and so we've been able to adjust our build rates aligned with our orders and that carries us forward as we look into next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Stephen Volkmann: Good morning, gentlemen. I'm curious, Preston, based on what you know today, obviously things could change, but are the run rates for each of your factories kind of what you'd expect to be sort of stable through the year or do you think at some point there will be another production cut needed?
Preston Feight: I think we think about it in a little bit more close in view than that. We think about whether the orders we have right now present the backlog we need to keep the factories running smoothly and that's where we're at right now. We've continued to adjust as I said, we think, first quarter's deliveries will be down 5% to 7% and build kind of matches that. Actually, it has to tie together. So that's where we're thinking about in the first quarter. We are operating in what we think is a good economy, GDP growth is going to be up almost 2% in the U.S. We think European GDP is growing. So there is some positive reasons to think about the economy and the operating environment. So we'll see what happens through the course of the year as far as build.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay, thanks. And can you just comment on what you're seeing in terms of used pricing and I'll pass it on.
Preston Feight: Sure, used pricing as we said in the last quarterly is continuing to be a headwind. I think in the last time we talked about it being somewhere in the double-digit declines and so a nice thing for being part of PACCAR, as we have an amazing team in our PACCAR Financial Services Group that does a great job of managing the used trucks. We sell the best trucks in the industry and the second owners love buying PACCAR products. It's really one of our inherent advantages and the other part of it is, I think we continue to invest in our used truck organization so that we add new used truck centers throughout Europe and North America to make sure that we are meeting the market needs as we grow our market share, it means there is ultimately more used trucks and we want to take care of our customers with those used truck centers.
Stephen Volkmann: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Casey with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open.
Andrew Casey: Thanks a lot. Good morning.
Preston Feight: Good morning.
Andrew Casey: I want to kind of flip over to Financial Services. Revenue was quite strong. Can you comment on what drove the strength in revenue and then also within the Financial Services, the provision for losses on receivables dropped on an absolute basis sequentially against what continues to be a pretty challenging used truck price environment that you just described and I'm just wondering what the drivers were for that as well?
Preston Feight: Sure. Harry, you want to?
Harrie Schippers: Sure. So the PACCAR Financial had a good quarter. We have a good portfolio, record revenues, so that drives a lot of the profit improvement, but like Preston said used trucks continue to be a headwind for the finance company. We expect that that will continue in the first quarter and customers continue to pay their bills. Past dues are low, below 1% and credit losses are favorable too. So we expect with all of that the first quarter results of the finance company to be very similar to the fourth quarter.
Andrew Casey: Okay. Thank you and just Harrie, back on the revenue, it went up pretty significantly year-over-year, but also sequentially -- was there any?
Harrie Schippers: Sure, some of that reflects the increased volume of used truck sales that flow through the finance company.
Andrew Casey: Okay, thank you very much.
Harrie Schippers: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry [ph] with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, hi, good morning and good afternoon everyone. I'm wondering if you could please talk about what you're seeing out of your competitors in the U.S. and Canada. Typically, when we are heading into a production downturn, you folks are the first to cut production and your market share in the initial stages of a downturn is typically lower as a result and this time your production share actually went up in the first quarter, a reduction here, can you just talk about what you're seeing out of your competitors and what's driving the different cadence in terms of your production share in this fourth quarter compared to the past couple of production downturns?
Preston Feight: Well, what we experience right now is we have just fantastic products out there with great dealer network, great products out there, and I think there just is strong demand for our products. This really is simply as it can be put as people want to drive the best trucks and have the best services and the best powertrains and that's what we offer. So we build again -- coming back to what -- we build to what an order -- to the orders we have and that's driving our increase in share and that's as simple as we think about it, it's really kind of a nice picture for us because they're great products.
Unidentified Analyst: And when you look at the overall inventory picture for the industry. So we're exiting '19 with about 73,000 trucks in inventory, which if you apply prior cycles, looks like the industry need to take out about 20,000, maybe 30,000 trucks out of dealer inventories. What does that picture look like for PACCAR just as the natural transition for some custom end applications that are completed at the dealer site, how much do you anticipate your dealer inventories coming down in '20.
Preston Feight: It's a good question. Our inventories are in a really good shape. You said 73,000. So that's kind of a round number. If I use a round number for us, call it 18,000 of Kenworth and Peterbilt combined. It obviously depends when you start it, but as we have 30% of the market share, we really only have 25% of the inventory. So that says again that we're in pretty good condition and some of that inventory, quite a bit of that inventory is with body builders right now. So we have the leader in the vocational market and so some of those trucks are getting bodies put onto them right now.
Unidentified Analyst: And then, on the parts business; you folks have continued to have pretty steady performance even though there has been some puts and takes for freight markets, can you just talk about in your outlook for 4% to 6% growth how much is the contribution from your engines hitting the sweet spot -- the new truck lineup hitting the sweet spot for parts consumption versus underlying freight traffic. Can you just give us a bit context directionally how you're thinking about the pieces relative to the outlook?
Preston Feight: Yes, I think that there is a couple of things going on and the parts team continues to do an outstanding job. They have great technologies they are employing. It is something that we maybe don't give enough sharing of. Their e-commerce program is outstanding and that's doing a great job of making sure we have the right products at the right places. As we mentioned in our earlier comments, we're investing in distribution centers as well. A new distribution center coming online this year in Las Vegas, Nevada, another one in Ponta Grossa in Brazil. Those contribute to parts performance. We continue to grow our proprietary power trains you mentioned. So I wouldn't say that's stable. That's a growing opportunity for us. Last year, we finished at 43% for engine sales being with our MX engines. So that's great. It was 47% actually in the fourth quarter. That's another opportunity for us. You mentioned the great trucks and the growing share they contribute to the parts teams growth. There's just a lot of great things happening on the parts team and so we have a great future to look forward to there.
Unidentified Analyst: So you don't need really strong pickup in freight volumes to get the 4% to 6% growth target?
Preston Feight: No, I think what you see is the freight volume does drive demand, but it's really about the size of the part bigger -- bigger influences or size of the part, size of your proprietary content and that takes a few years to mature where parts consumption is really growing. Again, looking forward, I think that we have a great amount of freight being hauled right. Freight tonnage was up last year over 3% and so that's going to contribute to utilization, we agree with you on that.
Unidentified Analyst: I appreciate the discussion. Thanks.
Preston Feight: Have a good day.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Gilardi with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Ross Gilardi: Yes, good morning guys. I just had a question on decremental margin. I mean, if you go back to 2016, you seem to have sort of a similar revenue composition of down truck production but very steady parts and that translated into kind of 15%-ish type decremental gross margin pre-R&D. Is there any reason why you shouldn't be able to sustain a similar level of performance or anything to think about this time around versus then?
Preston Feight: No, I think you characterized it well and then we think about incrementals and decrementals in that 15% to 20% range and so what as you said, we saw in the 2016 time frame and I think that's a nice way to look at it going forward.
Ross Gilardi: Okay, great. And then the parts business has remained very resilient but certainly did decelerate a bit as the year kind of grinded on. Are you seeing any type of maintenance deferrals amid softer market conditions and when you say that you expect the business to be up 4% to 6% in 2020, is that somewhat second half weighted or do you think we'll see this acceleration back to that growth trajectory out of the gate in the first half of the year?
Preston Feight: Yes, I think that the 4% to 6% obviously is what we said for how we look at it going forward and I don't think I would try to stratify that by quarter. I think it's going to be good performance throughout. Obviously, there can always be moments of cyclicality that are impossible to kind of guess where people are going to be by weeks or a month, but in general with great freight volumes, a great parts team, the right product lineups and the right investments, it's going to continue to deliver.
Ross Gilardi: And then just on the SG&A, the question you got before. Are you trying to say that SG&A as a percentage of sales overall should be roughly similar to where it was in 2019?
Preston Feight: Well, that's, if you go back and look, that's where SG&A has kind of run for us. Again, comparing it to the industry, it's significantly, the leanness of PACCAR shows through and we continue to do a great job of managing that SG&A and I think we'll continue to do that going forward.
Ken Hastings: Well, I think the context of the prior question was just that it did jump a little bit in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter. So just realistically, if we're looking at it for the full year, I'm just trying to get a sense if I take your sales if it's going to --
Preston Feight: Take a longer view of it and look where PACCAR has historically performed and know that we'll perform in that same level, as I think I would guess I'd share is we will continue to rigorously manage our costs and control them and make the right decisions to build the future of the company in a great way.
Ross Gilardi: Okay. And then just lastly on the R&D side, I mean you're guiding to sort of stable R&D, but in the context of getting to production models for your alternative powertrain models over the next year and a half, how should we think about that. I guess I'm a little bit surprised that that number is not ramping up a little bit as you're moving in that direction?
Preston Feight: I think we have an amazing team of engineering people around the world and they're doing a fantastic job of looking at how we should go to production. We're working closely with all the customers who's interest is in alternative powertrains and we'll have the right technologies for those customers when it comes time. We continue to do that in PACCAR's way which is with good decision, making prudent investments, and leveraging our supply base and the other companies that are out there.
Ross Gilardi: Thanks very much.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning. I guess two follow up questions one within the U.S. when you're talking about your orders and your backlog, can you distinguish between what you're seeing on the vocational side versus line-haul side. If there is any variation there and then just second a nuance when you're talking about Europe relative to the retail sales guide and relative to what other customers have come out to set it sounds like you're seeing Europe sort of more stable. I'm just wondering if Europe is trending a little better than what you would have thought so far and if so what geographies are driving that? Thank you.
Preston Feight: Let's take the first part of the question, I think we are the leaders in the vocational market, Peterbilt and Kenworth are, and they do a great job of that. The vocational market is doing really well throughout U.S. and Canada. Housing start is up, construction being strong. PACCAR does a great job there and so that's a good percentage of our orders. We're obviously pleased with how that's working and feel like that will continue through the course of the year as the economy develops. I think from the European side of the question, I think Europe is working the way we thought it might work into the first quarter where our build rates have been stable there for two quarters now, more than two quarters and we're delivering good market share and people are loving the DAF trucks. Freight continues to be moved from Central and Eastern Europe into Western Europe. That's kind of a continuing trend line -- macro trend and we benefit from that because DAF is a market leader in those areas and it really contributes to our success.
Jamie Cook: Okay. Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fisher with UBS. Your line is now open.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Wondering how you feel about the second half visibility and your confidence in the outlook, obviously in the first half you have more backlog, but curious how you formed your full year market view and your assumptions in the first half versus the second half?
Preston Feight: Yes, I think what we did is we said that we have a growing economy. So that's contributory. We're very close with all our customers and we spend a lot of time talking to them about how their businesses are working because that's really the underlying principle for how our build will develop. In the last even few weeks last week or two, I've talked to several of my friends that are refrigerated carriers, flatbed haulers, and truckload carriers throughout the country just to see how their businesses are running, they're running well and yet, we still feel like there will be some, there was probably an over-buy in 2018/2019 and so that's going to normalize itself into the 230,000 to 260,000 kind of a market for U.S. and Canada.
Steven Fisher: Are those customers telling you that they're going to start stepping up their orders at some particular point in the year to be able to hit that -- make that 230,000 to 260,000 market number work?
Preston Feight: It's not that specific. I think people buy trucks when they need them and there is a huge population of people buying trucks, so it would be not accurate to model it that way, not that specifically.
Steven Fisher: Okay. And then just one quick one on the FinCo as you think about 2020, should we sort of carry forward this Q4 profitability level for the whole year of 2020 or do you think there would be some fluctuations on that relative to just demand and used values.
Preston Feight: I think the team has done a really nice job in the FinCo of delivering good performance. We expect that performance to deliver through the first quarter and then we'll watch as the year develops through that.
Steven Fisher: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Weber with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Seth Weber: Hey, good morning, everybody. I just wanted to circle back on the Europe question, I think, if my numbers are right, your market -- the DAF share actually ticked down a little bit 2019 versus '18. Is there anything you'd call out there from a regional or country perspective and do you think that that reverses here in 2020? Thanks.
Preston Feight: Yes, so two thoughts to that is, we had 16.2% in the 2019, which was the second best year ever, which is coming off of our 16.6%, you're right, that was up 1 [ph] point and 1.3% [ph] we had huge gain and we've held on to that gain and we have good momentum right now I think. The other part of it is on the medium-duty side, we grew our share from 9% to 9.7% during the course of 2019. So we actually grew there and then I think it's -- I wouldn't try to isolate down from that. The U.K. did really well, but we are performing well in a lot of the markets in Europe and I think the DAF trucks are really performing and helping our customers be successful.
Seth Weber: Okay, thanks. And then just to follow up on, I think you mentioned pricing price-cost was positive in the fourth quarter, anything you'd call out for your thoughts for 2020. Do you expect that to continue?
Preston Feight: I think what we saw was prices were a little bit realized over a little bit over 2% [ph] and costs were less than 2% and we'll watch what happens in 2020 and see how that model develops for us, but there's obviously going to be fluctuations as we go forward?
Seth Weber: Okay. That's all I had. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Raso with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
David Raso: Hi, thank you. I wanted to pick up on the point about price cost. Is the first quarter, the implied deliveries are down about 17% year-over-year and in that context, I think the 14% gross margin would be viewed as fairly impressive? Price cost you said was positive in the fourth quarter, can you give us some sense the cadence or what do you expect for the first quarter. I think people are just trying to figure out if there is a risk to the top line, what's the decremental on it. In the first quarter, the setup on the guide, again relatively impressive at 14% gross margin with that kind of delivery decline. So can you help us a bit on maybe mix in the backlog, price/cost in the first quarter. We're just trying to get a sense of the resiliency of that again, relatively impressive decremental in the first quarter?
Preston Feight: I think -- thanks for the question, David. I think when we think about it, it's really about making sure we have the right -- that we are building the right quantity of trucks, which is obviously based on having the right orders and so we have those matched well together. We're not seeing tremendous fluctuations in costs. We're not seeing tremendous fluctuations in price. So the fact that we had a good price realization in the fourth quarter was advantageous to us and we'll see what happens as we get into 2020 and watch what that model looks like?
David Raso: So the price/cost spread in the first -- in the fourth quarter, you don't expect it to be terribly different in the first or second, I think we were just trying to figure out is that really a mix, price cost benefit to get you to stay at 14% gross margins or is it just structurally with parts and so forth that we can be somewhat comfortable even if we do want to model more conservative top line that the gross margin resiliency is there, I mean that's the kind of spirit of the question.
Preston Feight: Yes, I think if I try to get the spirit of it, it really if you think about prices because the team does a great job of supporting customers and people are willing to pay for our trucks. That's the overarching thing on price to me is that people want PACCAR products because they are the best and then they are willing to buy those products. I think that part of the truck part and other gross margin performance has to do with the strong performance of our parts organization. So that is a -- as truck sales is down, parts mix is up, that's a contributor as well and really just both of those things that keep us performing at the industry leading levels?
David Raso: But it's not necessarily because price/cost gets notably better in the first quarter as and maybe some thought your costs are down from steel?
Preston Feight: So there's nothing substantial there.
David Raso: All right, appreciate it. All right, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Courtney Yakavonis with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Courtney Yakavonis: Morning, guys. Just back on the FinCo again. I just wanted to understand because it seemed like your pre-tax profit was down and I think Steven asked earlier, just about carrying forward the margin, but was there anything one-time that was impacting margins this quarter or is it just the weaker used values. Are there any impairments or increased depreciation expenses that are really causing that big step-up in the interest in other borrowing expenses?
Preston Feight: Yes, your final statement is characterizing it accurately. What you say is we had record new business volume in 2019, the $5.6 billion that was a contributor to revenue growth and then more volume on the used side was the other contributor to revenues and that was the headwind on the profit side.
Courtney Yakavonis: And I think you mentioned that you're still seeing the double-digit declines in used. Have you seen any stabilization in used values or is it's still wait and see kind of how that market checks out?
Preston Feight: Well, it is a dynamic market. I think that the nice thing is, as I said and it can't be over-stressed, the fact that especially maybe the second or equally the second owners really like our products. So that's helpful to us from the price position compared to the rest of the industry. So that works to keep us at a premium, not just for the first, but the second owner and then I would share your comment that things have stabilized a little bit. We see one way to look at that is that the amount of inventory coming in is equal to the inventory going out. So that's helpful as well. We're not building used inventory and so kind of the state of where it is right now.
Courtney Yakavonis: And then just on the CapEx side, I think your CapEx for the year came in about $100 million below what your guidance had been and you obviously didn't change the CapEx guidance for next year. So just wanted to understand kind of what that discrepancy was and if anything, is proceeding ahead of schedule or any projects got cut?
Preston Feight: No, in fact that's not exactly how we saw it. We saw CapEx was kind of slightly higher than where we'd started and we have a good cash flow or CapEx plan for 2020 as well, which is going to deliver the great products we need. I wonder if you're looking at the cash flow statements more than your CapEx commitments.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay. Yes, I was looking at the 575 [ph] versus the guidance for $625 million to $675 million but maybe that's the issue.
Preston Feight: I think that's what you're looking at. I think so -- [indiscernible] is the number that we're talking about for 2019.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay, perfect. Thank you for clarifying that. And then, and then just lastly, I think the comments that your build has remained steady. I just want to make sure that, that means that you really don't anticipate any further production cuts from the build rates that you are at currently?
Preston Feight: I think what we said is we would expect in the first quarter that deliveries will be down 5% to 7% and that's obviously matching the order intake.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joel Tiss with BMO. Your line is now open.
Joel Tiss: Hey guys, how is it going?
Preston Feight: Really good how about for you?
Joel Tiss: Hanging in there. Yes, so I wonder if we could, if you could spend a minute just talking about Latin America, about how the setup is? Kind of what your market share is looking like and how you think you can gain a little bit more share in 2020 and just kind of the setup of the market there?
Preston Feight: Sure, it's been a fantastic journey for us there. We have a great set of dealers really neat products down there. We've got a lot of success with the dealers and the customers. I think the brand reputation for DAF in Brazil has grown tremendously in just a very short period of time. We're looking at our market share growth opportunities as being substantial. We think that the market is relatively stable down there. So Brazil comes in at 75,000, the South American market overall is 100,000 to 110,000. As we noted, we increased our deliveries by 60% last year in South America. So, substantial growth that way. We'll just look forward to continuing growing the truck sales. The parts business is doing really well. We introduced the Financial Services business for customer financing in Brazil last year. So a lot of good activity happening for us in South America.
Joel Tiss: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Felix [ph] with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, thanks for squeezing me in here. I appreciate some of the color on the parts outlook but as for sort of dissecting some of the different buckets within the business, I'm curious if you have an update on the TRP Stores. How many do you plan to add next year and maybe any color on some sort of same-store sales growth number in that existing base of the stores?
Preston Feight: TRP has been a great addition for us in reaching a new customer base. They've done a fantastic job of that. There's 210 stores now that are in operation. So that's growth year-over-year. We'll keep growing the number of stores where they make sense with our dealers all around the world. That's in Europe, it could be in Russia, it could be in South America and North America, all of the above, really. So we'll continue to see the brand grow and perform well and bring new customers to PACCAR.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then just curious to see if you have an update on the margin profile into next year for the parts business. On one hand, you obviously have the aging MX engine population and then the other one the TRP revenue increase. So any color would be appreciated on that?
Preston Feight: I think the margin profile will stay relatively in the same range.
Unidentified Analyst: Oka, like 27%, 28%?
Preston Feight: That kind of range.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Adam Uhlman: Hi guys, good morning, good afternoon. Going back to the MX engine, it looks like you had a pretty strong fourth quarter. I don't know how much of that increase was mix of customers that you're shipping the engine out to, but how are you thinking about your penetration rate for this year?
Preston Feight: So we have a great powertrain offering, obviously the MX engine that's a core of it. We have great relationship with Cummins as well who does a great job of supporting our customers with their powertrain. We did grow our MX engine share to 47% in the fourth quarter for a full year average of 43%. Part of what enabled that is we invested in manufacturing capacity in the course of the year last year. So we have adequate capacity to build as many MXs as we want for the customers and we look forward to seeing that continue to grow as we move through the cycle.
Adam Uhlman: Okay, got you. And then just a clarification, again on the Financial Services revenue, can you tell us how much your used truck sales were up in the quarter?
Preston Feight: I don't have that detail sitting around in front of me, but they did increase. I just don't know the number in front of us.
Adam Uhlman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Elkott with Cowen. Your line is now open.
Matt Elkott: Good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I think your heavy-duty percentage tends to be around 85% historically. So first, are you still comfortable with that breakout longer term. And the second part of my question, what was it in the fourth quarter?
Preston Feight: So, I think that that general percent is okay but we have great growth opportunities in the heavy side and the medium side as we look forward to it. So we'll continue to see share develop at PACCAR positively. Take a steady approach to it and been very successful growing share and we'll continue to find that same success. I don't think there'll be much of a shift though and I don't have the exact number, but you can -- your numbers of ratios are about right.
Matt Elkott: Okay. And do you think that you may have picked up some share with the GM strike in the Class 6 to Class 7 categories in the fourth quarter?
Preston Feight: I think we picked up share because we just have great trucks, great people, great dealers.
Matt Elkott: Got it. And then, just one other question that's -- if we take a longer-term view, could you update us on your strategic priorities, anything that's likely to become more of a focus, more of a growth driver, whether it's a specific region or more vertical integration of PACCAR engines or alternative technologies or anything else?
Preston Feight: Well, you hit some of them, right, we're going to keep growing organically. We're going to grow geographically where it makes sense and provides a profit for the corporation and we're going to keep making the prudent investments in technologies that deliver great trucks and powertrains to our customers when they need them. So all of those will be areas that we grow in.
Matt Elkott: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Your line is now open.
Rob Wertheimer: Yes, hey everybody. My question is, you gave helpful comments on the European market share. Are you willing to sort of talk about your theme of improving straight truck market share, where that's progressing and whether you need that to work to sort of get above a certain threshold. Any update you can give us there?
Preston Feight: It continues to be a focus. We continue to do well with it. We did grow as a percentage there in the straight truck market. That's going to continue to be an area of what we just talked on the prior question is organic growth for us.
Rob Wertheimer: Are you growing both -- well, you have room to grow both tractor and straight truck share in Europe or is there any kind of limit on the tractor side?
Preston Feight: No, there is no limit. I mean, we're the market leader in tractors and we'll continue to be enjoying that and looking for extension of that and growing on the straight truck side as well.
Harrie Schippers: So we have the product in the straight truck side. So if you look at markets where that has been for a long time, the U.K. Netherlands, Belgium, a straight truck market share is about the same as the tractor market share. So we do have the products. It's just a matter of growing that business also in markets like Germany, France, Italy, and Spain.
Rob Wertheimer: Okay, thank you. And if I can, I don't know if this is an answerable question, but I'll ask it anyway. Just what's your -- in a normal up and down cycle, what's your preferred pacing of production changes given supply chain given ramping et cetera, would you be looking to make adjustments one and two quarters out or two quarters and three quarters out, just, I know you don't try to hold a lot of inventory and not trying to stop the dealers, just a little bit about the rhythm of how you think about production changes?
Preston Feight: Yes, I think we build trucks to order is the essence of it, which is different than the automotive industry. What we do is when we talk to our customers and they need to truck, then we schedule that in and we try to maintain some kind of a visibility whether that's four, eight, 12 weeks and that's how we define our production schedules.
Rob Wertheimer: Okay. No, thank you.
Preston Feight: All right.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe O'Dea with Vertical Research. Your line is now open.
Joe O'Dea: Hi, good morning. My impression so far and commentary around pricing expectations is that it's more of a wait and see into 2020? What we saw the last time, demand did soften in 2016 is that there was a little bit of pricing pressure and I'm just curious whether you anticipate that we should be looking at something similar just given a little bit softer demand or if you're seeing anything different out there across competitor behavior that would suggest that the pricing can hold up?
Preston Feight: I think if you think of in terms of truck part and other, in the truck side, there will be obviously market dynamics drive differences, but we have a continued strong performance, an increasing percentage of our performance coming from parts and they are doing a great job. So it's a little bit of a balancing factor to it looking back to prior cycles, but no, I don't think you should think that PACCAR's going to do anything except deliver the best margins in the industry.
Joe O'Dea: And then I guess related but a little bit more of a mix type question. Similarly, going back from if we just track 2015 to 2016, the average truck price was down and it was more than just a pure pricing effect. Is there anything to just be aware of with general mix in a softer demand environment and what that means for average unit pricing just given the mix effect.
Preston Feight: I don't really think so. I don't think there's anything in there.
Joe O'Dea: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Kauffman with Loop Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Jeff Kauffman: Thank you very much. Hi everyone. Hey, you know, lot of the real smart questions have been asked here, I just want to follow up with one. I think I know the answer to and just a detail, but when you're giving the 5% to 7% down figure. That's sequentially versus 4Q, that's not a year-on-year number. Correct?
Preston Feight: Yes, correct.
Jeff Kauffman: Okay, thank you. And then secondly, with the U.S. pulling back a little bit more than Europe, at least in the outlook. How should I think about tax rate or are there any other changes that I would think about to some of the other line items that would occur as a result of that?
Preston Feight: Yes, I don't think -- there is not going be much change in tax rate overall.
Jeff Kauffman: Okay, so consistent with where we are this year.
Preston Feight: Yes.
Jeff Kauffman: Okay, that's all I have. Thank you very much and congratulations.
Preston Feight: You bet. Have a great day.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Andy Casey with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open.
Andrew Casey: Hello. Again, thanks for the follow-up. Two questions, one short-term. I know it's a smaller volume market for you, but you have a pretty good share over there. I'm wondering if you could comment on whether you expect the Australian natural disasters to have any tangible impact on 2020 demand?
Preston Feight: Well, first of all, our hearts and prayers go out to the people there and the country that has been affected -- adversely affected to it. No, I don't think in the longest term that it is going to have any impact to us. We'll continue to be the market leader.
Andrew Casey: Okay, thanks. And then separately, longer term, you talked about it at CES and then again in the release today, the battery electric trucks expected to hit the market a year to-year and a half from now. Are you, based on your work with the customers, seeing any potential for acceleration in adoption rates versus what you originally expected or is it pretty much on track?
Preston Feight: I think it's pretty much on track. It has to make commercial sense or be regulated in and we have really good partnerships that we're working with to bring the right trucks to the customers and we will supply them the best trucks, the best alternative powertrain trucks as they need them.
Andrew Casey: Thanks. And then a little bit more detail on that, Preston, you have kind of divergent, I think divergent potential regulations going on between the EPA and CARB maybe that's been closed, but is there potential for a significantly different adoption rate in let's say California and associated states versus the rest of the country?
Preston Feight: There could be. I mean that can happen. It can happen in Europe that way as well. I think from our standpoint, that's not going to material effect how we develop the products. What we're going to do is develop the best technologies with the highest performance and then we will just supply those for the markets they need based upon where the customers are operating.
Andrew Casey: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: There are no other questions in queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Preston Feight: We'd like to thank everyone for joining the call and thank you, operator.
Operator: This concludes today's PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-22 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PACCAR's Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce, Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR's, Director of Investor Relations, and joining me this morning are Preston Feight, Chief Executive Officer; Harrie Schippers, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Barkley, Senior Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls, we ask that any members of the media on the line participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. For additional information, please see our SEC filings and the Investor Relations page of paccar.com. I would now like to introduce Preston Feight.
Preston Feight: Good morning. Harrie Schippers and I will provide you an update on PACCAR's excellent third quarter results and business highlights. To begin, I'm proud of our employees around the world who provide our customers the highest quality trucks, powertrains, and transportation solutions. In the third quarter PACCAR achieved sales and financial services revenues of $6.4 billion and net income of $608 million, resulting in a strong 9.5% after-tax return on revenues. PACCAR net income increased 11% compared to the third quarter of last year. PACCAR achieved robust truck, parts, and other gross margins of 14.9% in the third quarter, and also for the year to date. Through the first nine months of the year, our team achieved record revenue and earnings. PACCAR delivered 49,300 trucks during the third quarter, compared to 52,200 in the second quarter. This reflects fewer billing days in Europe, due to DAF's regular summer shutdown, which was partially offset by higher deliveries in North America. In the fourth quarter, deliveries will be lower by 6% to 8% compared to the third quarter, due to fewer production days in North America and lower daily build rates in North America and Europe. Fourth quarter truck, parts and other gross margins are estimated to be in the range of 14% to 14.5%. PACCAR declared third quarter dividends of $0.32 per share and year-to-date dividends of $0.96 per share. Year-to-date dividends were 19% higher than dividends declared in the same period last year. We repurchased 833,000 shares of stock during the third quarter, and there is $431 million remaining in the current $500 million Board of Directors' authorization. PACCAR continues to create a full lineup of innovative truck models and technologies. Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF have introduced a range of electric powertrain vehicles in the last two years, that customers are field testing in a variety of applications. PACCAR is well positioned to supply the industry with a complete set of powertrain technologies, including battery electric, fuel cell and diesel engines. This year, PACCAR has opened two global software research and development centers in the U.S. and Europe that are accelerating the development of embedded vehicle software, and PACCAR connected vehicle solutions for our customers. The PACCAR Innovation Center in the Silicon Valley, which we opened in 2017, complements PACCAR's extensive R&D efforts, and is focused on the development of PACCAR level 2 and 4 autonomous trucks. PACCAR will showcase many of our innovative products and technologies at the North American Commercial Vehicle Show in Atlanta next week, and at the CES Technology Show in Las Vegas in January. We hope to see you there. We are pleased to share that Kenworth, Peterbilt and PACCAR parts were each recognized as top employers for women at the Women in Trucking Annual Conference. We were honored for excellent work environment and company culture, that supports gender diversity. Harrie Schippers will now provide an update on PACCAR's truck segment, PACCAR Parts, Financial Services and investment priorities for next year.
Harrie Schippers: Thanks Preston. Our 2019 forecast, for Europe's greater than 16-tonne truck market, to be in a range of 310,000 to 320,000 units, reflecting continued modest economic growth and strong truck demand. Next year, the Eurozone and U.K. economies are expected to grow about 1%. We expect 2020 to be another good year, with the European above 16-tonne truck market in a range of 260,000 to 290,000 vehicles. The U.S. economy is growing 2.3% this year, with 50-year low unemployment, and strong consumer spending. Freight tonnage has grown 4.2% year-to-date. In the U.S. and Canada Class 8 industry retail sales continue to grow in 2019, following the strong orders and production over the last two years. We estimate 2019, U.S. and Canadian Class 8 industry retail sales to be in the range of 310,000 to 320,000 trucks. We expect 2020 to be another good economy, and estimate the U.S. and Canadian Class 8 truck markets to be in the range of 230,000 to 260,000 trucks, in line with normal replacement demand. The South American above 16-tonne truck market should be in the range of 95,000 to 105,000 trucks this year, and slightly higher in 2020. In Brazil, the above 16-tonne truck segment is projected to be in a range of 65,000 to 75,000 vehicles this year and slightly higher next year. PACCAR Parts business generated strong quarterly revenues of $1 billion. Quarterly pre-tax income was $207 million, 10% higher than the third quarter last year. Consistent investments in parts distribution capacity, customer focus programs such as fleet services and TRP Stores, and a growing number of PACCAR trucks and engines in operations, drove these results. Since 2013, DAF, Kenworth and Peterbilt dealers have opened nearly 200 TRP retail stores on six continents. The stores provide high quality TRP branded, aftermarket products and services to owners of all makes of trucks, trailers, buses and engines. PACCAR Parts is constructing two new distribution centers, that will open next year. A 250,000 square foot facility in Las Vegas, which will make efficient use of solar power and 160,000 square foot facility in Ponta Grossa, Brasil. We expect part sales to grow by 4% to 6% next year. PACCAR Financial Services earned third quarter pre-tax income of $67 million. The portfolio was a record $15.6 billion this quarter, and performed well, with low past dues. In the third quarter, industry used truck inventory increased, and used truck pricing declined. Kenworth and Peterbilt truck resale values commanded 10% to 15% premium in the market. We estimate 2019 capital spending to be in the range of $675 million to $725 million, and R&D expenses to be $325 million to $335 million. In 2020, we're planning for capital investments of $625 million to $675 million, and R&D expenses of $320 million to $350 million. These investments will continue to enhance PACCAR's truck, powertrains and transportation solutions. Thank you. We'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Joel Tiss with BMO. Your line is now open.
Joel Tiss: Wow, I'm not used to be in first. How is it going guys? Wow, first time for everything, I guess. So I just wondered if you could give us any sense of production levels for 2020, after mentioning, kind of -- we got a sense where the industry is going to be, and then mentioning that inventories for the industry are up a little bit? And I just wondered if you could give us any sense of where your production -- where you're thinking for 2020?
Preston Feight: Sure, as we've watched the industry normalize, if you look at inventory, we really think that right now, it's not in that shape at all for us. We just have 2.4 months of inventory retail sales sitting out there, so that's a nice level. In good shape. We've already adjusted our backlog to be -- we have 36% of the backlog in the industry. So that's in good shape. And then as we look forward and think about build rates, we took adjustments into the -- end of the third quarter there, both North America and Europe to get them right for the markets, so that we feel like we've got a reasonable build going into 2020.
Joel Tiss: And can you give us any sense about the parts, margins, I could see and we can all see in 2019, the margins are up a little bit, profits growing faster than revenues. You gave us a revenue number for next year, is there enough momentum in the business and the new parts distribution centers to be able to do that again in 2020, you think?
Preston Feight: I think the guidance we gave on the 4% to 6% growth, and I think margins would likely be comparable to what we saw this year.
Harrie Schippers: In the 27% to 28% range, that's what we typically see for parts.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Stephen Volkmann: I'm not used to Joel being first either.
Preston Feight: Good morning.
Stephen Volkmann: But maybe I'll pile on to his question a little bit. So Preston, just thank you for the comments around sort of production expectations. Is it your expectation at this point, that the production declines that you've kind of baked in for -- here in the second half of 2019, will be enough, and that you'll be able to sort of keep stable through 2020, is that the way, the plan is laid out?
Preston Feight: I think we'll watch what happens in 2020. I don't think it's going to be an even year, every month will be different. I mean every quarter will be different. So we'll make sure that we adjust build rate appropriate to the orders we have. Right now we have reasonable backlog in the first quarter, especially in North America. So we feel like we've got ourselves about right and we'll watch as the year comes along, what we need to do, whether it's go up or down in build rate.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay, understood. And can we talk, maybe this is a Harrie question, just a little bit about the decremental margins since -- I guess it will be decremental next year. You've done a good job holding your incrementals kind of in the mid-teens, with an occasional high teens kind of number. I'm just curious as you have sort of more vertically integrated a little bit with your engine growth in the U.S. and all these parts distribution centers, etcetera. Do you think your decremental margin will also be in that kind of mid-teens level, or is there a reason to think it could be higher, because of the additional investment?
Harrie Schippers: I think we've -- historically we've seen incremental and decremental margins in the 15% to 20% range and I would expect that to be similar for next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Casey with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open.
Andrew Casey: A couple of questions. First on the Financial Services and this is kind of picking at it, but SG&A and provision for losses on receivables were up a little bit sequentially and year-over-year, what was driving that change, and was it due to any specific region?
Preston Feight: What we saw in Financial Services, we've had really a low credit losses. We've had low past dues. The portfolio continues to perform really well. In fact, we're pretty pleased with that portfolio. The only headwind we've had in Financial Services was used trucks.
Andrew Casey: And then, I just want to make sure I have this right, if I compare the truck segment performance to Q3 '18, you had a pretty beneficial gross spread between the 12% revenue increase, and the 3% volume growth. And I recall Q3 last year had some timing issues related to buyback contracts and stuff like that. Was that the difference in the revenue growth and the volume growth really driven by comps and pricing, or was there something else that occurred in the quarter?
Preston Feight: Yes, if you just think about what this quarter was about, we did have reasonable pricing influence, that more than offset costs. So I think those are the things that drove our stronger margin performance for the quarter. I don't know if I've gone back in terms of kind of a bridge to the 3Q of '18 numbers and what was going on back in there. We did have fewer operating lease deferrals in Q3 of '19 versus Q3 of 2018, and therefore, that that helped our revenue a bit.
Andrew Casey: And then on the used truck market in North America, you mentioned inventories are growing I think, have you started to see the price trends kind of gradually decline? Are we starting to see more double digit?
Preston Feight: So if you think about used trucks, one of the things that has been nice for PACCAR, is we've made investments over the past few years to grow our used truck capability. We created a new used truck center in Los Angeles. We're in the middle of creating one in Denton, Texas, it will open in the fourth quarter. Obviously PACCAR's used trucks provide a premium value in the marketplace. So that's a nice thing for our customers, and really have a 10% to 15% premium over our competitors. And actually sometimes, more than that compared to some of the competitors. But we have seen the used truck market in general, go into that double digit level of declines on that 10% to 15% decline, and that's already been kind of dealt with through this quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ann Duignan with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Ann Duignan: Yes, our data that we analyze and publish shows that while you do garner a premium in the used market, you're seeing these prices are down year-over-year just like everybody else's. So thank you for confirming that. My question is around the month of inventory at your dealer, it has been, you know 2.4 months, but that's based on a trailing 12 month -- trailing sales, which are at a peak. So isn't it inevitable, that as we go into next year, those months of supply at the dealers are going to expand, and you're going to have to cut production. So could you just talk about that, and why you wouldn't have to under-produce retail sales going into next year, despite the fact that you got higher backlog?
Preston Feight: Well, I think -- maybe that's a little bit less than I would think about it. And I think we feel like the inventory, while you admit it, while you acknowledge is trailing run rate. We still do talk to our dealers all the time and our customers all the time, and we see that there will be good demand for the products, as we look forward. So I would say that, the last quarter's order intake has been lower, but as we get into the fourth quarter and we're meeting with customers, talking about what next year's buying pattern is going to be, I expect people will be buying trucks, and I think that indeed the occasional market seems to continue to be very solid throughout the country, throughout Canada. So I would expect that our inventory is okay. As far as adjustments go to production, like we said earlier, I think we make those adjustments up and down, as the market demands it.
Ann Duignan: Yes, that's for sure. And then just based on your guide's history. I know the truck cycles over the long term and a lot of them have been manmade. But if we're going into a decline in 2020, for whatever reason, have we ever seen a cycle that's on a one year decline, or should we be bracing for a couple of years and then back to normal again. Just your perspective on that from your years of experience will be beneficial. Thanks.
Preston Feight: Yes, that's a tough thing to forecast out what kind of a decline rate there would be. And if it might last longer than a year. I think we probably look at this and say, there are still strong economic fundamentals in the U.S. and Canada right now. GDP is positive, tonne miles are high. I think, we think there is normalizing of the market estimate of 230,000 to 260,000 is just -- kind of feels like where things are happening too. As far as it being beyond next year. No idea if it's just a pause in the economy, and that it will reaccelerate, or if it will slow down for more than a year.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Leiker with Baird. Your line is now open.
Erin Welcenbach: This is Erin Welcenbach on for David. So my question for you is, just how firm does the backlog look from an industry perspective, and when would you expect order activity to pickup this year, if at all?
Preston Feight: Sure. Well, I think that we've already done a good job of looking into our backlog and working with our customers, just to make sure that we had real backlog, and that if there were cancellations, we took them. If there were different scheduling needs, we've addressed them. I can't speak for the total industry, but I feel like -- we feel like our backlog is in a reasonable shape right now.
Erin Welcenbach: And then my second question is just, maybe if you can provide some additional color on your thoughts for Europe, and any regional variances you would expect next year, given your outlook for double digit declines in sales.
Preston Feight: One of the things we've seen in Europe has been -- that the U.K. has done quite nicely for us this year. So in spite of all the news around it, and maybe that will continue. We also are the leading brand of tractors throughout Europe. And as we watch Europe really expand East -- continue to expand east in development, our DAF premium products do a great job throughout all of Europe, and we have market leadership in countries like Poland and we are strong in Hungary and Romania and those kinds of countries. So as the total market of Europe matures, DAF does very well, enables us to grow share there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Benjamin Burud: This is Ben Burud on for Jerry. Just wanted to spend a few more minutes on Europe. So the second quarter of production adjustments in a row it seems, and it seems to be the main driver of deliveries, only increasing 3% year-over-year in the quarter. I believe your guide three months ago was 5% to 7%. So can you just spend a little more time on what drove the softness there, if that's continuing? And if you guys like to flex production over there, on a quarterly basis or if there is second production adjustment, what was more of a surprise, any color there would be helpful. Thank you.
Preston Feight: Sure. I think I think your comments are reasonably accurate, as we did take the adjustments to Europe, to where -- a point where it matched the market demand. And we've seen that we've held onto our market share gains with our build rates. So we're setting at like 16.4%, which is near historic highs for us, in market share. So we think we have it balanced about right now. And Europe was probably a little sooner coming down than maybe we thought it might be, and that's why we made the necessary adjustments, and it feels like we're setting the right levels.
Benjamin Burud: And then, can you give us an update on how you're thinking about dealer location growth next year, for the TRP locations? Are you still thinking of adding 50 new locations per year, and any expected increase in Kenworth and Peterbilt dealers in 2020?
Preston Feight: Yes. We have -- I mean I'll start by just saying, we have the best dealer network in the industry, and I mean spent a lot of time with them. They're fantastic business partners. We see significant investments from them in North America and in Europe. So it's one way to think about this, is that they're constantly renewing their facilities, and adding service bays and shop capability, to make sure our customers maximize their uptime. And so we'll watch next year that they'll continue to make those investments into new facilities, with lots of great plans around adding locations. And we'll see some location growth in North America. What I'd expect more in Europe, is it will be -- the continuing development of replacement locations and improved service bay capability or more service bay capability. And to your point of, TRP Stores, we will be adding TRP Stores in 2020 as well, probably much along the lines as we have, in this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Thein with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Timothy Thein: First question, just on a -- from a mix standpoint, this revenue per truck that -- call it 10% or almost 10% year-over-year growth, was that just all that contribution from North America being a bigger part of the deliveries, or is there kind of underlying content growth or mix story that's also contributing?
Preston Feight: No, you've got it about right. It's mostly contribution from North America.
Timothy Thein: Okay.
Harrie Schippers: Pricing improvement, right?
Preston Feight: Yes.
Timothy Thein: Right, okay. And then just back on the Financial Services and the pre-tax profits; in terms of the increase, I know that we have limited disclosure here in the release. But the increase in that interest and other line, how much of that is a change in terms of higher depreciation, that we will potentially be sustained going forward, versus maybe impairments or losses on used, that are presumably more one-time in nature? And the spirit of the question is just, should we assume a kind of a similar run rate in terms of a -- from a profitability perspective in the third quarter, or were there some kind of one timer's within that line? Thank you.
Preston Feight: So as far as the continuing to profitability, we think the strong profits we had in the third quarter will continue going forward and for the detail of your question, I will let Michael want to address that one.
Michael T. Barkley: Yes. We did have some impairments that were taken, and we also adjusted our depreciation to reflect expected future impairments. And so that run rate will continue going forward. And as Preston indicated, will be reflected at a similar pace in coming quarters.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Gilardi with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Ross Gilardi: I'm just trying to understand gross margins in a more draconian scenario than what you're forecasting for next year. I mean, I think if you go back in gross margins ex R&D in more of a garden-variety downturn have been around 12% to 13%. But you've got to go back like seven or eight years to see it. I'm just wondering, how do you think gross margins look in the next downturn, whenever it comes, in relation to that 12% to 13%, given the way the company has evolved over the last decade, particularly with the growth in the Parts business?
Preston Feight: I think one of the great strengths of PACCAR, is that we are always looking at operational efficiency gains, not just in one year, but over the course of time. We're always thinking about cost control. So as we head into markets like the normalized market we're facing, we've already been aggressively thinking about cost control, and I think that's enabled us to deliver the solid gross margins we had this quarter, and even the quarterly gross margins we predict for next quarter in 14% to 14.5%. So I think that we are always managing the business efficiently for the benefit of our customers, and we think that 14% to 14.5% that we deliver next quarter will be pretty solid.
Ross Gilardi: Yes, I mean, I realize that. I wasn't asking about next quarter. I'm not asking you for it to forecast when the next trough is. I'm just saying, when eventually it does come, what do you think your gross margins would look like with -- in comparison to what prior downturns looked like? I mean, I imagine you're -- it has been very difficult to stay in the 14% to 14.5% range, if Class 8 build -- goes to sub 200,000 number.
Preston Feight: Well, that's kind of hypothetical to us. Just to think where it might go down to and how we might react in those circumstances. But you can imagine, that we will always be focused on cost control, and we have a long, long history of all different markets back through the recession of 2009, and we still continue with profitability and we'll continue to do a good job in those, even if those circumstances were to return, which we don't predict.
Ross Gilardi: How quickly can you reduce SG&A, as Class 8 production normalizes, and what will be the source of the savings? And just how should we think about SG&A into next year, as we revert back to replacement level demand? I mean if we model it at 2.3% of sales or so for this year, does it stay at that ratio in 2020, as production normalizes, or do we see it -- the ratio move higher?
Preston Feight: Yes, I think what we're always looking for in those in SG&A, and in our spending is to make sure that we are developing the right products and services for customers looking into the future. And so as we shared, we think the level of spending for us on R&D and capital our capital come down a little bit. R&D is roughly flat, and I think in SG&A, we will apply rigorous disciplines, to make sure that the costs are appropriately controlled.
Ross Gilardi: And is that just from flexing the workforce, or what are the other -- is that the main source of savings, if -- when you get to that point?
Preston Feight: Workforce is one, contracts is another, licensing agreements, work we do, those kinds of things, all get looked at. We really don't think of things in terms of a lot of fixed pricing.
Harrie Schippers: We go through our overhead budgeting process every year, as a zero based budgeting process, and we review all necessary spending in detail and make sure that we're keeping our organization as lean as possible.
Ross Gilardi: And then can you just remind us the percentage of your European deliveries that come from the U.K.? I seem to remember, it's around 20%, is that in the right ballpark? And can you remind us what portion of Leyland's capacity sold to the U.K. market versus the European Union? I mean on that note, could you shift production out of the U.K. to DAF in the Netherlands to serve Europe, if we did go through a hard Brexit?
Preston Feight: So I as we think about the U.K. one of the beautiful things for us is, we have great production capacity in the U.K. We also have it in Eindhoven, and so we were able to flex depending on what Brexit might or might not be appropriately for the market, so we can build the trucks we need in the U.K., in U.K., and we can build all the trucks, the CFXs we need for the continent, we can build on the continent as well. So that gives us good flexibility, and I think Harrie, you were looking at the number...
Harrie Schippers: The U.K. typically is between 15% and 20% of our European production.
Ross Gilardi: So most of the existing production, at least for a year like this year, would just be -- would be for the U.K. market out of the U.K. factory?
Preston Feight: Yes, that's -- we can use it for both, and we have enough there to support the U.K. and we have enough capacity in Europe to support Europe.
Harrie Schippers: And being the only truck manufacturer that has a factory in the U.K., that could give us a very nice advantage.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Jamie Cook: I guess one question, as you're thinking about the commentary that you made about decrementals of the 15% to 20% or so, are there any variances or differences as we think about where the weakness is coming from, are the decrementals dissimilar and the U.S. and Europe are not so much anymore with being more vertically integrated the U.S. now. And then I guess my second question regards to -- relates to sort of price costs. Obviously pricing has been pretty strong for you guys this year, and the downturn that you guys are forecasting, do you think you can hold sort of price in that material cost could potentially be a tailwind for you? Thank you.
Preston Feight: Yes, I think it will be -- your second part of question is quite possibly true, and we'll continue to manage price to best of our ability in the market, and we are always aggressively looking at our cost structure. And, as you mentioned, that could be a bit of a tailwind for us, in terms of what happens next year, as in 2019, suppliers are running at full capacity, some inefficiencies in their ships. So maybe there's some upside in that.
Jamie Cook: And just the first part, difference U.S. versus Europe in terms of impact on margins?
Preston Feight: Yes, they're very similar, very similar.
Operator: Our next question comes from Courtney Yakavonis with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Courtney Yakavonis: I just wanted to go back to the clarification on the comments on your build rate being appropriate for the orders you have right now in the backlog for the first quarter. So is your assumption then that -- at the beginning of 2020, that we should return to that kind of replacement rate of 20,000 orders a month? Or is your current build rate kind of assuming, that we remain at this sub-15,000 orders, and the backlog can fill in the rest. And then also just wanted to make sure that the comment was, that the September build rate is the right assumption we should have, going forward?
Preston Feight: Well, we've made adjustments in the first parts of October for our build rates, so this is coming at that. So we think we've got that set up right. When I think about our backlog and build rates for next year, we still have quite a healthy backlog, and so there could be a little bit of a more time for the normalization to that quarter intake of 20,000 per month, as you put the number out there. But orders are definitely starting to pick up. It's a very normal part of the cycle to have late summer be quiet, and then as people are putting their capital budgets into place, then to see the fourth quarter be a time of ordering, and we're seeing that right now. So whether it's going to be exactly at level this month or it will take a month or two to normalize out, it should normalize out.
Courtney Yakavonis: But it sounds like before the beginning of the year, you do expect that return. And then just on CapEx and R&D, you gave us guidance for 2020 and I think there's a bit of a step-down in CapEx versus '19 but still an elevated level, relative to what's historically seen out of you guys. So is that kind of the right run rate that we should be thinking about, the investments that you're -- that the business kind of needs at this point, or a lot of those one-time in nature? And then kind of same question on R&D, which is expecting to pick up, and especially in light of concerns about decrementals next year. Are there any buckets in R&D that potentially could be factored in as well.
Preston Feight: Sure. For both of them as far as -- whether they're one-time or continuous run rates, what we do is, we always look at the portfolio of projects and opportunities that are going to bring value, and we invest in those. We build the business for the long haul. Don't think about the quarterly cycle as much as we do, is making the right level of investments, and we have -- that's how we've arrived at the number, and the guidance number, at $625 million to $675 million in CapEx. And the same approach is on R&D, which is not a lot of really good projects out there right now, that have great ROIs for our customers. And so we're looking at those and always evaluating whether they should be done and whether you can bring the right value and the portfolio we have is, it's a fantastic portfolio, both for factory improvements, and one of the ones we mentioned, is the Chillicothe new paint facility, which will improve efficiencies and quality, just as an example. And as we look at the R&D spending kinds of projects on powertrains, and we mentioned electric vehicles and autonomous vehicles and more aerodynamic truck models, improvements, all of those are things that we look at and say, hey, if we can do this, and it's going to make our already best in class trucks even better, then we're going to do them.
Courtney Yakavonis: And then just lastly, I think last quarter you called out some customer mix headwinds. Obviously, we saw an improvement in margins this quarter, part of that was just stockings from the headwinds from last quarter. But were there any customer mix changes this quarter that we should be thinking about, kind of for the remainder of the year?
Preston Feight: So I think we already kind of talked about North America being a positive for us in the quarter. And I think that's really the only minor thing that was -- I would say it was a contributor. But overall, good pricing, good cost control and a stronger North American mix.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Adam Uhlman: I wanted to start with a clarification of the fourth quarter production being down 6% to 8% sequentially. Could you break that out between your plans for North America and Europe?
Preston Feight: So I think they're fairly comparable without running exact numbers. They are both roughly in the same ranges in the quarterly, look at how they how they moved about high-single digits in North America, and it was a series of smaller steps through Europe, that did the same thing.
Adam Uhlman: And then, I'm wondering what your view is on medium-duty truck markets next year in North America and then also your thoughts on Europe as well?
Preston Feight: So for the medium-duty market in North America, I think we're seeing, it's around 100,000 in North America and right around 50,000 in Europe for next year. So, comparable numbers for this year.
Adam Uhlman: And then just back to Europe. I'm wondering if you would be willing to share with us, the magnitude of the order declines that you did see in that region, and do you get the sense that order rates are bottoming out now, if we start to see a leveling out of that pace of decline, or is that maybe still too early?
Preston Feight: It what we're really trying to look at, is what's going on with the cycle and what's going on with the timing of the calendar year, and in fact of recent, we've seen an improving order intake in Europe, actually it's matching up to our build, so that's been a nice balancing point. And hopefully that will be what continues.
Adam Uhlman: Is there any particular region or part of the continent that saw a nice improvement?
Preston Feight: Got to believe it has something to do with providing great trucks to our customers, and I think that really is a big part of it at the end of the day, because I think that we've been able to get to our record market shares in Europe and hold on to that share because people are experiencing our fantastic trucks and want some more of those.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Raso with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
David Raso: I was impressed with the parts outlook for next year. Can you give us a little more comfort on your visibility to project that kind of parts growth for next year? I know you have some help from the aging of the engines, hitting a sweet spot. But can you help us get a little more comfort with that stronger growth?
Preston Feight: Yes, sure. I think that strong growth is a result of, as you said the engines. It's also this investment in TRP that we're doing. Our team there does a fantastic job in e-commerce and in reaching out to our customers through new ways that are meeting their needs. So we're able to just kind of keep taking more and more of the market. These investments in our PDCs that we mentioned, both in Ponta Grossa in Brazil and in Las Vegas, allow us to get parts to the customers more quickly in those regions, which makes us a more desirable provider. And really frankly in partnership with our dealerships, who are fully committed to growing their parts business, because it's good for them, good for our customers and good for us, it's one of those real opportunities for win-win-win.
David Raso: Are there any metrics of any kind though that you for backlog of some kind or some parts -- percent of the parts business that has some sort of annual contract?
Preston Feight: Yes. Parts don't really work out that kind of a long backlog, it's much more of a...
David Raso: I appreciate that. But just any anything you're looking at, that might give us some more comfort on the number?
Preston Feight: Well, I think the comfort should come from the historically strong performance and then the reasons that we just talked about, which are just a lot of great products, growing relation of PACCAR products in Europe and North America over the past several years and that has also contributed to that growth and will continue to contribute to that growth, and some strong markets that we have a large part of trucks out there.
David Raso: And last, the European business, the leasing of trucks, can you help us a little bit, well you said there was less of it in this quarter, sort of, what are you seeing on that front for the mix going into next year?
Preston Feight: Missed the first part of your question on this side, can you say it again David?
David Raso: For the European business, the mix of businesses where there are some buyback guarantees and the leasing of the business, how you represent to the revenues, it impacted the price per unit delivery this quarter. Can you just help us take us through your thoughts on '20, on the mix for that into next year?
Preston Feight: I think it's probably going to run a lot like this '19 has gone. Those adjustments were more '19 to '18 than they were looking forward. So we're at a pretty stable rate of optional and fixed rate GRVs.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Kauffman with Loop Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Jeff Kauffman: A lot of my questions have been answered. I wanted to focus a little bit on tax rate, if that's okay. It looks like the tax rate outlook had come down a little bit, and maybe I'm not thinking about it right, I would have thought more North American exposure would have driven it higher? Am I wrong, does it drive it lower, and is that kind of a lower level of taxes that we should be thinking about for the rest of this year?
Harrie Schippers: The tax rate normally -- you should think about is a 23% level. We benefited in Q3 from higher R&D credits than originally anticipated. So those are our final returns.
Jeff Kauffman: So should I carry that through to the end of the year, or is it more of a third quarter thing?
Harrie Schippers: Well, I think you should think in terms of 23% for Q4 and for 2020.
David Raso: And as I look to -- okay. You said for 2020. That's my question, all my others have been answered. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe O'Dea with Vertical Research. Your line is now open.
Joe O'Dea: In U.S. and Canada, it looks like Class 6, 7 growth was pretty healthy in the quarter, and better than the market, and so curious, whether that's just sort of time...
Preston Feight: Joe, are you still there?
Ken Hastings: Lindsay, are you there?
Operator: Yes, I am showing that Joe is still connected.
Preston Feight: Well, I guess, we'll just -- we aren't hearing from you, we will just kind of try to extrapolate your question a little bit.
Ken Hastings: Or we could move on and maybe Joe can rejoin.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Frohnapple with Buckingham Research. Your line is now open.
Neil Frohnapple: I believe PACCAR's market share historically tends to be counter-cyclical. I mean is there any reason to think that your market share wouldn't be higher in 2020, and your production wouldn't outperform the industry? I guess I'm just asking the production question a little differently.
Preston Feight: Sure. I think, the trucks are performing exceptionally well in the field. I think our customers are experiencing that we're delivering the best fuel economy, and the lowest operating cost of any brand. So we do think that should drive our market share up, and looking forward to that happening, and working every day to make sure that does happen.
Neil Frohnapple: And then just going back to the parts sales growth outlook for next year, 4% to 6%. I'm presuming that the lower outlook, I guess relative to the 8% part segment CAGR that you talked about at the Investor Day, is more due to just fleets pulling back on spending and purchasing obviously a lot less trucks next year. So I guess, at what point do you think that growth rate can start to reaccelerate, in order for you guys to hit those long-term targets?
Preston Feight: Yes, I think that the 4% to 6% number is a nice steady growth rate in a market that's declining, as depending on what happens. And again, I think that there's a lot of things working right to it, as far as when it come back up. We'll keep our eyes on that, and watching for every opportunity to grow it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Salmon with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Robert Salmon: Could you give a little clarification on the used truck outlook, it sounded like in the third quarter, it was down 10% to 15%, is that what you guys are contemplating looking out, or are you contemplating kind of a similar absolute level of used truck sales, from a price perspective?
Preston Feight: Yes, I think that down amount that we've seen, maybe that will continue. It's obviously difficult to forecast entirely where it will stay settled out to. But...
Harrie Schippers: It could stay around for the next couple of quarters.
Preston Feight: And I think you know the thing we're looking at is just that there is -- there is still a really healthy demand out there for day cabs specifically, and although values are down, we have the advantage of PACCAR of having a mix of trucks. We are not very uniform in our truck distribution. A lot of day cabs, a lot of pickup and delivery, a lot of vocational trucks, and some sleeper trucks as well. So I think our ability to move those trucks should at least perform to the market and probably outperform, and again, we'll keep getting the premium for those trucks.
Robert Salmon: And as I look at the gross margin outlook for the fourth quarter, can you give an update on what the price cost spread was in the third quarter? And then, looking out to the fourth quarter, if there are any sort of different assumptions you have built in there, just to get a sense of what sort of decrementals you guys are kind of thinking about in production, versus a different price cost mix?
Preston Feight: And so, in the third quarter, we saw a price of roughly 3% and cost of 1.5%. And I think in the fourth quarter, I think there will be more pricing pressure, but there could be some opportunity on costs, that we're evaluating right now.
Robert Salmon: And would you expect the cost opportunity to kind of continue, should it step up in 2020, relative to your experience in the fourth quarter? Or are you kind of thinking about something similar?
Preston Feight: I think it might be hard to guess out to what is going to be in 2020 right now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Shawn Kim with Gabelli Funds. Your line is now open.
Shawn Kim: Just wanted to follow up on the parts business. I think at your Investor Day, you mentioned -- you guys expect to have 450,000 MX engines in service by 2024. But I guess, said another way, I mean is that the right way to look about your total addressable market for the parts business in the mid 2020s? So if -- I think the active U.S. Class 8 population is about 2.2 million trucks. I guess, out of that 2.2 million figure, what's the opportunity for you guys long-term regarding servicing those trucks on the road?
Preston Feight: So I think about it in a couple of different ways. One is, that you mentioned is, the growing MX park that's out there, we did add capacity to our Columbus engine plant, and increase our build rates of MX engines. In fact, in the second -- in the first half, I think we were 39% MX, and in the third quarter we were 45%, so we saw some growth there and do see some continued upside for MX engines, as people get to realize the benefits of that great engine. And then I think it's not just about our park of vehicles for Kenworth and Peterbilt and DAF for the engine. I think our team does a great job of also capturing into the all-mix business with the TRP brands, where 50% of those customers are new to PACCAR, which creates a great opportunity for growth for us as well. And I think we're always looking at opportunities to grow, not just the parts business itself, but provide increased levels of service for our customers, and that comes through higher degrees of connectivity of the trucks, where we understand better what's going on. So all of those point to opportunities to keep growing the parts business over time.
Operator: There are no other questions in queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Ken Hastings: Yes. We'd like to thank everyone for joining the call and thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-23 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PACCAR Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded and if anyone has an objection they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings PACCAR's' Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Preston Feight, Chief Executive Officer; Harrie Schippers, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Barkley, Senior Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls we ask that any members of the media on the line participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. For additional information please see our SEC filings in the Investor Relations page of paccar.com. I would now like to introduce Preston Feight.
Preston Feight: Good morning. Harrie Schippers, Michael Barkley and I will update you on PACCAR's excellent second quarter results and business highlights. First and foremost, I am very proud of our exceptional employees. We're passionate about providing our customers, the highest quality, highest performing trucks and services in the world. I also want to thank those analysts who participated in our investor conference in New York in May. The PACCAR team appreciated the opportunity to provide an update on our business. PACCAR achieved record quarterly sales and financial services revenues of $6.6 billion and excellent net income of $620 million resulting in a 9.3% after tax return on revenues. PACCAR Parts generated record revenues of over $1 billion and record pretax profits of $211 million. Parts revenues increased 6% and profits grew 8% compared to the second quarter of last year. PACCAR achieved robust Truck, Parts and Other gross margins of 14.8%, driven by record truck deliveries, aftermarket parts demand and strong operational performance. PACCAR delivered a record 52,300 trucks during the second quarter, 13% higher than the second quarter of last year. This reflects increased build in North America, partially offset by lower build in Europe. The US and Canadian Class 8 industry backlog remains high. Kenworth and Peterbilt’s 2019 production schedules are substantially full with customers ordering trucks for delivery in the first half of next year. In Europe, DAF has achieved an excellent year-to-date market share of 16.7% and the DAF XF was honored as the fleet truck of the year in the UK. PACCAR continues to provide excellent annual operating margins resulting in strong operating cash flow for distribution to shareholders and for reinvestment in future growth. PACCAR declared second quarter dividends of $0.32 per share and first half dividends of $0.64 per share. First half dividends were 21% higher than dividends declared in the same period last year. The company has delivered annual dividends in the range of 45% to 55% of net income for many years and has paid a dividend every year since 1941. PACCAR has increased its quarterly dividend an average of 11% per year during the last 20 years. We repurchased 345,000 shares of stock during the second quarter with a $484 million remaining in the current Board of Directors authorization. PACCAR is investing in future growth with capital expenditures of $675 million to $725 million and R&D expenses of $320 million to $340 million this year. These investments will fund enhanced aerodynamic truck models, integrated powertrains, zero emissions electric and hydrogen fuel cell technologies, advanced driver assistance systems and truck connectivity. We are also enhancing our manufacturing and distribution facilities. At the Kenworth Chillicothe, Ohio truck factory we added a new robotic cab build cell and are constructing a new state-of-the-art paint facility, which will lower operating costs, enhance quality and increase capacity. To meet increased customer demand for the popular PACCAR MX engine, we’re adding machining and assembly equipment in the Columbus, Mississippi engine plant. We recently opened two global software R&D centers, one in Kirkland, Washington and one in the Eindhoven, in The Netherlands. These centers will accelerate the development of embedded vehicle software and PACCAR connected vehicle solutions for our customers. In the third quarter, truck delivery will be higher in North America due to higher build rates and lower in Europe, reflecting the normal three week summer shutdown. Global deliveries will be 5% to 7% higher than the third quarter of last year. We forecast third quarter gross margins for Truck, Parts and Other to remain strong and be in a range of 14.5% to 15%. 2019 will be another outstanding year for the company. Harrie Schippers will now provide an update on truck markets, PACCAR Parts and PACCAR Financial Services.
Harrie Schippers: Thanks, Preston. US economy is in good shape, helped by a strong job markets, growing wages and increased business investment. Freight tonnage has grown a healthy 4.4% year-to-date. We’ve raised our estimate of US and Canadian Class 8 truck industry retail sales to a range of 300,000 to 320,000 vehicles this year. We’re in a period of robust customer demand, demonstrated by the historically high backlog, truck production levels and retail sales. The US and Canada Class 8 backlog was 188,000 trucks at the end of June. Kenworth and Peterbilt’s backlog represented 36% of the industry. We are raising our European above 16 tonne market projection to a range of 300,000 to 320,000 vehicles this year. The European economies are growing at a lower rate than last year. PACCAR delivered record first half net income of $1.25 billion. PACCAR Parts achieved record first half revenues of $2.30 billion [ph] and record pre-tax profits of $418 million. PACCAR has steadily increased its truck and engine market shares over the years, resulting in a greater number of PACCAR trucks and engines in operation. This large and growing Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF truck part has driven 8% annual PACCAR Parts revenue growth over the last 15 years. This generates consistent higher margin profitability in all phases of the business cycle. We continue to invest in the parts business with new parts distribution centers under construction in Las Vegas, Nevada and Ponta Grossa, Brazil. We expect parts sales to grow 5% to 7% for the full year 2019. PACCAR Financial Services earned second quarter pretax income of $18 million, 11% higher than the second quarter last year. The PACCAR Financial portfolio performed well. This year, PACCAR Financial will open used truck centers in Prague, Czech Republic and Denton, Texas to support solid customer demand for DAF, Peterbilt and Kenworth trucks. One of PACCAR's greatest assets does not appear on the balance sheet. I am referring to the independent financially strong Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF dealers, who operate more than 2200 sales, service and TRP store locations worldwide. Our dealers reflect the industry leading quality and premium truck brand image of Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF trucks. We’re proud of our global dealer network. They are the best in the industry. Thank you. We would be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Stephen Volkmann: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
Preston Feight: Good morning.
Stephen Volkmann: Harrie, I wonder if I could get you to make a few more comments about some of your kind of end market visibility. And what I'm thinking about is obviously, you said you're sort of taking orders for the first half of 2020, but of course the overall order rate has come down quite a bit. And I'm curious just kind of what you're hearing from customers in seeing in your order trends relative to demand in 2020? Do you think things tick up again as we get into the fall selling season? Or are you hearing kind of caution because freight rates have come down. Just kind of some thoughts about the quality of the 2020 order?
Harrie Schippers: So if you look at the backlog for North America today, we’re in really good shape. And like Preston said, we’re increasing build rates in North America. Europe, the backlog is very normal and our production levels are in line with the orders and the backlog in the market as we see it today.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay. So do you have any kind of preliminary thoughts about what 2020 might look like? Obviously, the market is sort of primed for a big decline?
Harrie Schippers: We typically comment on 2020 once we get closer to it, so that's probably something for the next call.
Stephen Volkmann: All right. I figure it might be worth a try. Can I sneak one more in on just kind of what you’re seeing relative to pricing in the new truck environment?
Harrie Schippers: Yes. As we look at the pricing realization in trucks, in the second quarter we saw I'm going to say a couple of percent, price realization largely offset by costs. And so that's kind of in balance with each other.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Casey with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open.
Andrew Casey: Thanks a lot. Good morning as well.
Preston Feight: Good morning.
Andrew Casey: I have a question on the shipments. It went up about 1.5% in Q2 from Q1. It's a little different than the outlook on the short term that you gave last quarter of 2% to 4%. Was the entire difference between actual and predicted driven by Europe? And if so, I guess, to piggyback on Steve’s question, can you describe what your European order intake maybe was compared to last year? And then, also, some color around the overall market development.
Preston Feight: Yes. So, just look at the - start at the highest level, although, we did see growth in North America this year and that was, as we've said, offset a little bit by what we experienced in Europe. We have really good balance here, right now, between our order intake and our build rates. So we've got that set up really well. And in fact, if you look at the first half market share results, we had 16.7%, which is above last year's record 16.6%. So that's set up very nicely for us right now. And we kind of see that order intake, as I said, matching into what we are doing with build right now.
Andrew Casey: Okay. Thank you. And then on the – just specifically looking at the truck segment margin and it pretty much seemed to be in line with what you were looking for. But flattish, up maybe 10 basis points year-over-year and then down from Q1, despite higher revenue in both cases. Can you elaborate now that the quarter is done in terms of what some of the headwinds might have been that limited the segment’s ability to realize, maybe, some the better margin leverage on that revenue growth?
Preston Feight: Sure. I think if you look at – if you start with – it was 14.8% in the overall gross margin, it feels very strong. So when we look at it from a year-over-year standpoint, truck has been able to hold onto that. I think, the reason it doesn't see significant movement up is because it's already operating at a very high level. So we’re at a very efficient point in the gross margins. And then, I think if you just talked about it a little bit from a sequential standpoint, only difference between Q1 and Q2 has to do with really the customer mix that's happened between quarter one and quarter two.
Andrew Casey: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joel Tiss with BMO. Your line is now open.
Joel Tiss: Hey, guys. How’s it going?
Preston Feight: Really good. How's it going for you?
Joel Tiss: All right. I wondered, just to try to be Steve for a second here. Can you talk about second half production instead of just third quarter? And the production schedules and just sort of give us a little bit of an idea, so maybe we can have a small window into the fourth quarter.
Preston Feight: Well, we – if I try to talk about it in terms of second half, we have, again, North America going up in the second half. And then, Europe, we think is stable where we got it right now. So we feel like those are balanced for what we would expect to see through the second half.
Joel Tiss: Okay. And then beyond the customer mix, it sounded like in North America, but maybe I am reading too much into that. Is there any negative margin? The incremental margins at 10%, you’ve been kind of running 12% or 13%, is there any – because Latin America was so strong, is that a factor in there or not at all?
Preston Feight: Latin America is a small percentage of the business still, so it really didn't have that much weeding factor to us. I mean, there is a little bit of benefit to it, but there's not a lot.
Joel Tiss: Okay. And then just last, the receivable’s up 30%. Is there any color you can add to that? Why is that so high?
Preston Feight: Increasing in the build rates has been the primary driver of that.
Joel Tiss: Okay. So it just seems like it's up a lot more than builds. Okay. Thank you very much.
Preston Feight: You’re welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jerry Revich: Yes, hi. Good morning and good afternoon, everyone.
Preston Feight: Good morning and good afternoon.
Jerry Revich: I am wondering if you could expand on your comments on the European production adjustment that you took in the quarter that could match income in order rates. When was that production adjustment take place? And as we think about the third quarter, normal seasonality would have production down 5% to 10% sequentially for you in Europe. So are we on at the right production point entering the third quarter where we should see that normal seasonality? Or is production coming down sequentially more than that normal 5% to 10% rate?
Preston Feight: So the adjustments we made were just in the second quarter and again they happened throughout the second quarter and they still delivered this excellent market share that we saw. From the third quarter looking forward, we do have a normal summer shutdown, which is a three week summer shutdown, so there is an overall effect on the market. But from a daily build rate standpoint we’re in a good position.
Jerry Revich: Okay. And in North America, we obviously know that you folks are build-to-order and when market are in flex, we typically see production adjustments from you folks first, so when you folks are raising build rates sequentially 3Q versus 2Q, does that imply that you’ve had a full backlog scrub and you’re comfortable with the level of dealer inventories? Can you just confirm that point and that expected deliveries for 3Q have firm customer specifications through them as opposed to what are some typical dealer specs?
Preston Feight: I think you did a really nice job of it. I think we actually do, do backlogs to make sure we have clean orders in there and we do build-to-order. And as we look through that and we see that there is still very strong order backlog. And Harrie said that 36% of the backlog for the industry is ours. And so we want to make sure that we get the trucks to the customers. They need the trucks to run the businesses. And so we’re in a manner of building as quickly as we can for them.
Jerry Revich: And in terms of the level of dealer inventories, can you just calibrate outside of the industry statistics that we have. You mentioned a backlog were 36% of backlog what about out of inventories?
Preston Feight: So if you think of the inventory numbers for the industry they're at 2.8 months and for PACCAR in North America it's 2.3. So we have our inventory in a very good position with our dealers.
Jerry Revich: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Ann Duignan: Hi, everybody. I'd like to circle back to Europe, I mean registrations year-to-date are up closer to 10% and your deliveries are basically flat, maybe up slightly year-to-date. Can you talk about the discrepancy, have we seen a pull forward of registrations ahead of the mid-year tachograph requirement? Or is there anything unusual going on in the marketplace versus how you are choosing to deliver?
Preston Feight: I think you actually nailed it Ann. I think that remote tachograph is probably the biggest impact on what's put forward the orders in front of June 15th. And so that's what we saw. And we still expect the market in the 300,000 to 320,000 truck range. And we should be able to have really excellent market share and with our build rates from the first half and second half for that.
Ann Duignan: And just as a follow-up to that again on Europe, given the announcement today and the new leadership in the UK, does that raise or reaccelerate the concerns on Brexit and the impact that that could have on freight and just the whole industry as we get closer to the end of the year? What are you hearing over there in terms of now it sounds like it's a little bit more definitive?
Preston Feight: Yes. So one of the nice things for us is we are the market leader in the UK. We have a great job all around Europe and our share is up in Europe and up in the UK also specifically. So as we look at what might happen with Brexit, we have a great advantage in that we do manufacture all our truck models for the UK, in the U.K. So I don't know what the outcomes will be, but PACCAR is really well positioned with our manufacturing based in Europe to take advantage of it either way it goes.
Ann Duignan: I meant more broadly what impact it might have on just freight and the whole European economy, any comments on that?
Preston Feight: Yes, I don't think we know that answer any better than anybody else. I would say that we've been pleasantly surprised with how the UK has performed in the first half of the year. There have been strong customer demand in the first half and that's been great.
Ann Duignan: Okay. Thank you. I’ll get back in line. I appreciate it.
Preston Feight: Thanks, Ann.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Leiker with Baird. Your line is now open.
David Leiker: Good morning, everyone.
Preston Feight: Good morning.
David Leiker: I wanted to talk about this kind of triangle effect between orders, backlog, inventory if you can throw counsels in there. Now what we’re going through here in North America is while the order rates have fallen, the backlogs have remained elevated. And I'm not sure we’ve ever gotten through a period of falling orders where backlogs remained elevated. I am wondering if that may change a little bit of the economics, the earnings you might see as these lower order rates flow through the numbers?
Preston Feight: I think one thing you just need to keep in mind is the bigger picture what happened last year with 458,000 industry orders last year. So that’s a big number and it takes a while for that to normalize through things. But it's not going to have an effect on our financial performance. We've got great financial performance and our dealers are doing really well and our customers love the trucks. And so, those things continue to work well and the results will be solid.
David Leiker: Great. And just I'm going to take on Europe also. Any particular markets or areas over there that you feel more worried than others? I mean, a lot of those - a lot of your customers from those markets are exporting out of Europe and to other parts of the world as well?
Preston Feight: I think that Europe has done really well this year for us. I mean, obviously, we have the market range of 300,000 to 320,000 trucks and us gaining share. So this would be the fourth year in a row about 300,000, if it stays like this and that's a fantastic market size. And the DAF team, all the employees, the teams, the dealers are doing a great job of growing the business. I think, the customers love the trucks and the fuel economy is outstanding. It's working really well.
David Leiker: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fisher with UBS. Your line is now open.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Good afternoon and good morning.
Preston Feight: Good afternoon and good morning.
Steven Fisher: How do the orders that you guys have taken for 2020 compare to the level of what you typically take in at this time of the year for the following year? I assume it's got to be much higher. And if that's so, I guess why are - I guess going back to Steve Volkmann's question, why are customers rushing to place orders if freight fundamentals are softening?
Preston Feight: Well, I would say it this way. As I'd say, we probably just get to the first part of your question, we do see order intake for 2020 higher than we typically see it. That’s in large part because in a different market, you might see that there's a lot more activities surrounded about filling 3Q and 4Q of the current year you’re in. But since that's substantially full, there is interest in 2020. And so that's kind of just I think where people’s energies go to.
Steven Fisher: But with freight fundamentals softening, why wouldn't they just waited out a little bit to see how the rest of the year is going to go?
Preston Feight: I think some people do, but freight fundamentals are really mixed, right? We have a great economy in North America. GDP growth is occurring, I think through May ATA truck tonnage was up 4.4%. So there's not like things are going badly. And we spend a lot of time as a team with our employees and our dealers talking to customers. Customers are doing a good job. You see the truck companies’ earnings reports and they are coming out really strong in a lot of cases. So, there’s lot of reason for optimism too.
Steven Fisher: Got it. And then you said that the costs offset price in the quarter. It sounded like price you said it was a couple of percent which may be down 1% or so from the first quarter. I would have expected cost to be coming down. So I guess why was the pricing growth moderating? And should we be expecting that costs are actually coming down going forward here?
Preston Feight: Harrie, you want offer your color?
Harrie Schippers: It's like Preston just said, it's mostly customer mix that pricing was aligned with the cost increases more or less.
Steven Fisher: And what was that customer mix difference between Q2 and Q1?
Preston Feight: So, the customer difference is in the first quarter a lot of dealers lot of stock trucks on their lots and those are small quantity buys and then we get into a more distributed look at customer mix in the second quarter. So, there’s still the stock orders, but then there's just the low to large-sized customer orders come in.
Steven Fisher: Terrific. Thanks, guys.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Weber with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Seth Weber: Hey. Good morning, everybody. I just wanted to go back. I think your guidance for the parts revenue growth for this year you moderated the top end, I think you're now saying 5% to 7%, it was previously 5% to 8%. Is there anything you can call out there that is causing the sort of moderation? Thanks.
Preston Feight: Yes. Sure, the parts business is really doing fantastic. It continues to perform at a high level. Take the opportunity to say as we look at where investments are going in that business and new distribution centers in Ponta Grossa, Brazil, and Las Vegas and the way the team is moving through their initiatives with things like e-commerce and TRP growth is really fantastic. The only reason for any adjustment is really a currency effect that we pushed into the 5% to 7%.
Harrie Schippers: It's the revenues in Europe in euros that translate into a fewer dollars when we do the translation.
Seth Weber: That's helpful. Thank you. And then maybe just a quick follow-up. The FinCo margin actually came down sequentially. Is there anything that you'd call out there? And is that sort of the run rate we should think of going forward? Thank you. 
Preston Feight: I don't think so. I don't think it's - when we look at the new business generation, it's actually up quarter-over-quarter. So it's more about portfolio that you're talking about. But the team is doing really good. If you look at the earnings per quarter, it went up to $80 million and to the $164 million in the first half and it's just doing fantastic.
Harrie Schippers: Yes.
Seth Weber: Okay. Thank you very guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Gilardi with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Ross Gilardi: Yes. Thanks, guys. I was just wondering what are you seeing in the Mexican truck market and what would you do if some of the trade tensions that started to rematerialize a couple of months ago came back? And do you think your overall footprint in North America given your relative lack of exposure to Mexican production is behind any of the order share strength you’ve seen? In other words are customers perhaps ordering more from PACCAR just because there's greater surety of supply, given some of your competitors being relatively more exposed to Mexican production?
Preston Feight: I think the team in Mexico has just done a really good job down there. We have great trucks. Obviously, the newest trucks we've introduced, the latest generation are fantastic were well received by the customers. And so, their share was exceptionally good. And if you look at the recent emissions changes happened in the middle of the year. So there is a strong buy ahead of that. But even since then, order intake has been positive and doing quite well. I don't think it's really affected by where people think we're going to build the trucks. And we, obviously, can build trucks in Mexico for Mexico. We can make our domestic U.S. and Canadian production in local markets. So I think we just have a great manufacturing footprint that works well and I don't think there is anything about trade tensions affecting that, I think, it's more about great trucks and people.
Harrie Schippers: I guess, that's the point. Most of what you produce in Mexico is for the Mexican market, correct? And if you did see tariffs all of a sudden, actually come back and put into place, do you feel like you have sufficient capacity in the US market to just relocate some of that production in a very short-term basis?
Preston Feight: Yes. We do have that capability.
Ross Gilardi: Okay. And then, I think, you made a comment about adding engine capacity in Mississippi, if I heard it right. And I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit more about that. Are you seeing share shift more towards the MX engine with the trucks that you're selling?
Preston Feight: The MX engine, MX-11 and 13 engines are doing really well. They are providing, I think, just outstanding fuel economy in the market space. People had time to get used to them obviously now. And we’re seeing strong demand from our customers for those engines, for their lightweight and high performance. So we've increased our capacity in Columbus and just recently finished that capacity increase at the end of the second quarter and going to be able to build some more engines for our customers in the second half.
Ross Gilardi: Can you say it roughly how much you've increased capacity in Columbus?
Preston Feight: It’s been meaningful, but it's 10% to 20% kind of numbers.
Ross Gilardi: Got it. Okay. Thank you. And just lastly on Brazil, maybe you could comment there. I mean, you've had obviously pretty explosive growth over the last couple of years. Remind us where you are on markets share? And I think from the beginning, the target was to get to 10% in 5 to 6 years. As you continue to get closer to that number, do you start to grow more in line with the Brazilian market in the next couple of years?
Preston Feight: Well, the trucks, the DAF trucks in Brazil are working very, very well for our customers. I was down there just a couple of months ago and the dealers and customers are really excited with the performance they get, reliability, durability and fuel economy that they're providing in Brazil. So that's enabling our continued growth. From a year-over-year standpoint, market share is up just a bit and it will continue to grow, continue to make investments in Brazil. Parts business is doing really well down there. In the middle of building a new distribution center in Ponta Grossa, 160,000 square-foot distribution center in Ponta Grossa, which will support the business growth. And the market overall is improving in Brazil. So really feeling good about the efforts our team has made down there. The results they're bringing, the success with the dealers now and just how the business is going to continue forward.
Ross Gilardi: Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Jamie Cook: Hello. I guess, just a question, specifically, what is your visibility in 2020 this quarter, relative to last quarter? I am just trying to understand if it's increased to what degree? And then my second quarter - second question is, assuming industry forecasts are correct next year, I'm just - if you can walk us through over there, is there anything we should consider with regards to decrementals relative to previous cycles in the sense that one I would assume the parts business, obviously, helps your margins, you have the content on the MX engine at the same time one could argue you are more vertically integrated and R&D costs should be structurally higher. So if there's anything you could help us out with? And then one is the – are the shift decrementals be meaningfully different in Europe versus the U.S? Thanks.
Preston Feight: Sure. There is a lot of questions in there, I'm not sure I can get it right for you. From a 2020 order intake, I think that we’re seeing as I said earlier, the higher percentage than we do typically. We have great visibility that means, comparatively to normal [Technical Difficulty] but it feels positive compared to previous years. From effective what 2020 overall market is going to be, I think as Harrie said, and we all say is it’s a little bit early we're talking about what the full market size is going to be in 2020. And from an effect on decremental margin or margins or incremental margins, they may end up being, I'd say, that we see that we keep our operating costs really low, and I think that means those relatively minor shifts in the decremental or incremental margins and continue to provide good value to our – to the margin the overall margin stateside.
Jamie Cook: Okay. But no meaningful difference relative to previous downturns? I mean, is there any structural reason why decrementals would be better? Or just, I mean, if you're right on the top line in incrementals that's a different question, but are decrementals should…
Preston Feight: No. I don't think so.
Jamie Cook: Okay. Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Courtney Yakavonis with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Courtney Yakavonis: Hi. Thanks. Thanks for the question. Just going back to Andy's question on your production this quarter. I think you had originally forecasted that all the increase would be from North America and kind of it looks like it was pretty evenly split between North America and other. So why is your North America production in line with your expectations? I know we discussed your kind of at once, but just wanted to confirm that.
Preston Feight: Yes. Our North American production was in line with expectation. I think the only place where there was any slight change was in Europe where we just made sure we got our build rates adjusted to the market. So that's the overall effect.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay. Got you. And then just on the CapEx waves [ph], just want to make sure, is this similar to last quarter where it's a lot of projects getting done faster or moving more quickly than expected? Or are there any new projects that we should be thinking about?
Preston Feight: Sure. It's really fun, I mean, we're making these great investments in the future for the company, and so that's why you're seeing the CapEx changes. But we have just some fantastic opportunities that are really in terms of our capacity and quality in our factories, our distribution centers for parts and used trucks. And then maybe most importantly for the long-term benefit is the investments in new products that we are creating. And so there is a lot of programs going on and they're successfully moving along. And we think it's really building a bright future for us.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay. Got you. And then just finally in South America I think you slightly reduced your industry guidance there. I just wanted to confirm that and maybe how it compares. I think last quarter you had guided to Brazil up 55,000 to 75,000, just wanted to understand the dynamics at play there?
Harrie Schippers: I don't think the guidance for Brazil is the same as what we did last time. I think for total South America, the range might have dropped 5,000. So from a – I think we’re now…
Preston Feight: 100 to 110 for South America in total.
Harrie Schippers: Yes, but it's outside Brazil.
Preston Feight: Brazil is still guiding at 70,000 as a midpoint, 65,000 to 75,000, South America 100,000 to 110,000.
Courtney Yakavonis: Perfect, great. Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Kauffman from Loop Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Jeff Kauffman: Thank you, very much. Good morning, everyone.
Preston Feight: Hey, good morning.
Jeff Kauffman: Thank you. A lot of my questions have been answered at this point. Just a couple of nits. You mentioned that you are seeing orders for 2020 at this point, yet we do know there are some aspects of the trucking markets seeing pain particularly on the pricing side to your point not so much the volumes. Have you seen any change on the specs that customers are asking for 2020 versus 2019?
Preston Feight: No. It's a nice question. I think really the customers are always looking for the most fuel efficient, lowest operating costs trucks that they can find. And that’s the beauty of being PACCAR as we provide that to our customers. We have this passionate team of people who do a great job of making sure the trucks we develop and sell are really at the best and most efficient vehicles for our customers. And so, I think that's what they're always looking at. We're always going to the customers about to make sure the specs stay and lined up that way, but there hasn't been any fundamental shift.
Jeff Kauffman: Okay. And then just one last nit. I noticed that tax rate was up a little bit sequentially from the first quarter. That could be just randomness, but I am wondering, might that have to do with maybe more profitability being driven out of North America? What should I be thinking in terms of tax rate for the full year?
Preston Feight: Yes. I think you hit it on the head there. It's an income mix of North America tax rates. So, including states, a little bit higher than Europe, and so that affected in the quarter.
Jeff Kauffman: Okay. All right. That’s all I have. All the questions have been asked already. Congratulations and thank you.
Preston Feight: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe O'Dea with Vertical Research. Your line is now open.
Joe O'Dea: Hi. With the North America build rate going up in 3Q, I think historically it's not uncommon to then see it come down in 4Q, but that's usually with Europe going up. And so I'm just curious with some of what's going on in Europe right now? Should we expect that you got your current plans at this point that that increase in the build rate in North America for 3Q is something that you would maintain in 4Q?
Preston Feight: Yes. We have a strong backlog as we said. It's substantially full for the second half and so we don't see any reason not to think the build rates stays roughly where it is for the fourth quarter in the US and Canada.
Harrie Schippers: But you're right that the fourth quarter in US and Canada will have more holidays than the third quarter and Europe is just the opposite, so daily build rates doesn't change overall.
Joe O'Dea: Yes. Just a question on the daily build rates, so yes. And then, your comments around months of inventory, industry at 2.8, you're at 2.3. I think historically, the industry average is in the low two. So I'm just curious historically, where you average as we think about sort of through cycle targets?
Preston Feight: This is within our normal band and it is kind's of a healthy space to be.
Joe O'Dea: Perfect. And then just one of the 2020 orders you're taking, how is that pricing compared to 2019?
Preston Feight: It just depends on the customer, but the pricing is fairly consistent right now. 
Joe O'Dea: Got it. Thanks very much.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Frohnapple with Buckingham Research. Your line is now open.
Neil Frohnapple: Hi, good morning. Is inventory at your used truck centers starting to rise at all? And any thoughts on the used trucks market in North America and Europe both from a demand and pricing standpoint?
Preston Feight: Yes. I think if you look at the used trucks maybe the pricing has moderated a bit from where it was in Q1, but one of the nice things about being part of PACCAR is our trucks have commanded 10% to 15% premium in the market. And as we've watched our market share grow over the past several years we've invested in creating a great used truck capability, selling capability. So that's why we got this new facility, used truck facility we're building a Denton, Texas. A few years ago we did one in Los Angeles. In Europe we're creating one in Prague, in the Czech Republic as well. And then adding on capacity, we have a fantastic dealer network that does a good job of managing used trucks and distributing used trucks to customers. So between our premium position and our capability we feel like we’re in a good space. 
Neil Frohnapple: Okay. And as a follow-up to that if used truck prices were continue to moderate, what's the time lag as far as when that starts impacting the FinCo profitability? I think it usually runs through that interest and other lines? Is there a couple of quarter's lag or any thoughts there? 
Preston Feight: Yes. I don't think we kind of calibrated into which quarter it would have an impact on and obviously it would depend on the matter of fact and depends a lot on the percent of retail versus wholesale. And our team that's a really good job of selling a lot of used trucks in the retail position. So there is too many mix effect in there that really characterize it. 
Neil Frohnapple: Okay. And then just one final one on the medium duty market here in North America, any notable changes to the outlook? What you're seeing from customer’s market share et cetera? Thank you.
Preston Feight: Yes, sure. Thanks for the questions. The market size seems consistent to what we said previously and 100,000 units plus or minus and then the business is doing really well. I think that our trucks are performing well in the space and our market share will be roughly in the same range.
Neil Frohnapple: Great. Thanks so much.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Robert Wertheimer with Melius. Your line is now open.
Robert Wertheimer: Thank you and good morning everybody.
Preston Feight: Good morning.
Robert Wertheimer: My question is pretty simple. I wonder if you could just remind us of the mechanics on orders for next year. Is the order book open for all models and configurations? And then is pricing established or if goes for just - taking a bet on it and is that the same as every year this year?
Preston Feight: So I would say that the order book is open for all trucks and all models. We love taking orders for trucks, we enjoy it a lot. When I think about it in terms of the pricing being established, in the deals that we're discussing right now those ended up being with the customers and they end up being focused around what we have done previously and what their spec is and what we're doing. So those end up being worked through almost individually.
Robert Wertheimer: Okay, perfect. That’s it. Thanks.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Rob Salmon: Hey. Good morning, guys. It's Rob on for Scott.
Preston Feight: Good morning, Rob.
Rob Salmon: A quick clarification question with regard to the build rate, am I hearing it right that you guys are basically planning on maintaining the third quarter level of production in the fourth quarter? Or is that some increase you're implying there in the back half guidance?
Preston Feight: I think that the firm’s piece is the third quarter is going up and we watch where the fourth quarter - as we substantially are full, we'll watch what the fourth quarter does, but I don't expect to see any significant shifts.
Rob Salmon: That's helpful. And your preliminary comments about the order book and the strength looking out to next year, were you guys intimating that we could see revenue actually be up next year?
Preston Feight: I don't think we intimated next year.
Rob Salmon: Okay. And then just a couple of quick questions with regard to the used truck market. You said you saw it soften up a little bit. Could you describe if you’re seeing that in one specific channel, i.e., kind of small fleets or kind of the owner operator end of the marketplace? And what sort of increase on year-over-year base are you seeing from a price realization currently would be helpful as well?
Preston Feight: Yes. As we think about it in terms of the PACCAR products Kenworth, Peterbilt, North America, DAF, and Europe are just - they command the premium, so it's a relative position I think competition doing real well. And then I think - as I said earlier, I think a lot of effect has to do with how many trucks are coming back in and what percent you retail those trucks out and we've been able to grow our retail percentage, especially North America, which has brought us good results. As far as the overall trends of the market, I think those majorities are difficult to plan forward to. But we'll watch them. We have a great team that's managing that business really well.
Rob Salmon: That's helpful. Final one which I guess kind of relates to the FinCo. As we a saw slight uptick in the provision for losses on receivables, obviously, still at a low level and that was a sequential uptick, so nicely improved on a year-over-year basis. What's driving that? Is that just some of the small carriers that you're seeing a little bit of softening in terms of their receivables or is this…
Harrie Schippers: Most of that is due to the larger portfolio. But past dues remain really low, credit losses remained low, the portfolio has managed really well. So, we've got a lot of good customers that make money with their trucks and pay their bills on time.
Rob Salmon: Really helpful. Appreciate the time guys.
Preston Feight: Yes, you bet. Have a good day.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Raso with Evercore. Your line is now open.
David Raso: Thank you. Quick question. North America, I know you’ve sliced at U.S., Canada how you get deliveries, but in your commentary about your backlog, can you just help us a bit with your US, Canada, or you want to define it as North America, your backlog year-over-year as we sit today, just some sense of the year-over-year in that position?
Preston Feight: Well, it’s up substantially year-over-year from a normal cycle. Obviously, that's moderated from what had happened in 2018's 358,000 truck order intake or 458,000 truck order intake. So, its - if you look at it on a pure sequential year-over-year, it's probably down, but it's down from a level that was not sustainable so high. And so compared to normal levels, it's still very high and very strong, 73,000 trucks in the backlog and doing really well.
David Raso: I mean, clearly the industry is down. I mean the data we most all use, it's down about 17% year-over-year. I am just trying to get a feel is your backlog down less than the industry?
Preston Feight: Well, I think the best way to think about that David is to think about that in a percentage of backlog that Harrie talked about earlier, the 36% of the industry backlog which is if you call us a 30% market share and 36% industry backlog, means we have a very healthy backlog relative to our market share.
David Raso: Yes. I was just trying to figure out how much of that goes into 2020, how much is helping the fourth quarter? If the fourth quarter builds just have a normal seasonal less build days, but the daily rate stays the same, I would argue that's probably a little better than people were thinking. I am just trying to get a feel while that helps the fourth quarter, what does it mean about 2020? But you're still speaking pretty constructively about your orders into 2020. So, just trying to put a mosaic here together. But again, your backlog is doing better than the industry given the share gain obviously implied in that backlog versus the industry totals?
Preston Feight: Yes. I think you're characterizing it really well David.
David Raso: Okay.
Preston Feight: I think that's exactly right this that improve pretty well to that and we'll watch what 2020 does as it get closer to us.
David Raso: Very helpful. Thank you, guys.
Preston Feight: You bet.
Operator: There are no other questions in queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Ken Hastings: Yes. We’d like to thank everyone for joining the call and thank you operator.
Preston Feight: Thanks everyone. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today’s call is being recorded. And if anyone has an objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are; Ron Armstrong, Chief Executive Officer; Preston Feight, Executive Vice President; Harrie Schippers President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Barkley, Senior Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls, we ask that any members of the media on the line participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general, economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. A summary of risks and uncertainties is described in more detail in our periodic reports filed with the SEC. For additional, information please see our SEC filings in the Investor Relations page of paccar.com. I would now like to introduce Ron Armstrong.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning. Preston Feight, Harrie Schippers and I will update you on PACCAR's excellent first quarter results and business highlights. PACCAR reported record revenues and net income for the first quarter of 2019. PACCAR's first quarter sales and Financial Services revenues were $6.5 billion and first quarter net income was $629 million an excellent 9.7% after-tax return on revenues. Revenues were 15% higher and net income was 23% higher compared to the first quarter last year. PACCAR delivered a record 51,500 trucks during the first quarter. PACCAR Parts achieved record quarterly revenues of $1 billion an increase of 7% compared to the first quarter last year. Parts pre-tax profits were also a record at $208 million. I'm very proud of our 28,000 employees who are passionate about delivering the industry's best products and services to our customers and achieving strong results for our shareholders. PACCAR continues to outperform its peers and provide strong operating cash flow for reinvestment in future growth and distributions to stockholders. One key measure where PACCAR excels is return on invested capital. In the first quarter, PACCAR achieved a return on invested capital of 25% and over the last five years achieved an annual average return of 22%. PACCAR has delivered annual dividends of approximately 50% of net income for many years and has paid a dividend every year since 1941. PACCAR has increased it’s quarterly dividend at an average of 11% per year during the last 20 years and raised it another 14% in the first quarter to $0.32 per share. PACCAR repurchased 491,000 of its outstanding shares during the first quarter. The increase in truck production in the first quarter was primarily due to more build days in North America compared to the fourth quarter and good supplier performance. Truck and Parts gross margins were 15% in the first quarter. Truck pricing was good with price realization of 3%. Our Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF factories and purchasing and supplier management teams did a fantastic job of managing production delivering a record number of trucks and achieving the highest operating margins in the industry. In the second quarter, we're expecting deliveries to be 2% to 4% higher than the first quarter due to increased production in North America. Truck, Parts and other gross margins in the second quarter are estimated to be in a range of 14.5% to 15%. Preston Feight will now provide an update on DAF and PACCAR Parts.
Preston Feight: Thanks, Ron. DAF achieved record market share of 17.1% in the first quarter. European economies and freight transport activity are projected to grow at a moderate pace in 2019. This year should be another good year in the European heavy truck market with registrations in a range of 290,000 to 320,000 trucks. Turning to PACCAR Parts global results. Parts first quarter revenues were a record and for the first time reached the $1 billion level. As Ron mentioned, Parts quarterly pretax profit was a record $208 million. PACCAR has steadily increased its truck and engine market share over the years, resulting in a greater number of PACCAR trucks and engines in operation. This combined with consistent investments in parts distribution capacity and customer focused technologies has created a very strong foundation for growth in PACCAR Parts. To support this growth, PACCAR Parts has begun construction of two new parts distribution centers. One in Ponta Grossa Brazil and the other one is in Las Vegas, Nevada. We expect Part sales to grow 5% to 8% for the full year 2019. Harrie Schippers will now provide an update on Kenworth, Peterbilt and PACCAR Financial Services.
Harrie Schippers: Thanks Preston. The U.S. economy and freight tonnage continue to grow this year. A consensus of economists predicts two point -- GDP and 2.6% industrial production growth for the full year 2019. First quarter GDP growth was a strong 3.2%. Freight tonnage increased 3.8% in the first quarter, compared to a year earlier. This provides a healthy backdrop for the 2019 truck market. First quarter 2019 U.S. and Canada Class 8 truck industry retail sales increased 23%, compared to the same period last year. We have increased the midpoint of the U.S. and Canada Class 8 truck market projection to over 300,000 units due to the strong industry backlog. PACCAR Financial Services pretax income was $84 million in the first quarter, an increase of 24% compared to a year earlier. First quarter revenues were $350 million. PACCAR Financial Services assets increased to a record $14.9 billion with the portfolio performing well. Kenworth and Peterbilt Class 8 used truck values increased again in the first quarter compared to the same period last year. Kenworth and Peterbilt truck resale values command a 10% to 20% premium over competitors' vehicles. In 2019, we're increasing capital investments to $625 million to $675 million and R&D expenses to $320 million to $340 million. We're investing in new products and expanded facilities while increasing our funding for alternative powertrain development. As we mentioned in the press release, DAF has recently introduced electric and hybrid vehicles that are undergoing field testing throughout Europe. Peterbilt and Kenworth are also working on hydrogen fuel cell, hybrid and the electric powertrains as well as autonomous vehicle technology in collaboration with our Silicon Valley Innovation Center. Thank you. We'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Q – Jerry Revich: Yes, hi, good morning everyone.
A – Ron Armstrong: Good morning, Jerry.
Q – Jerry Revich: I'm wondering if you could talk about what booking trends you are seeing in your European business. How long are the lead times? Nice to hear about the share gain opportunity set. Maybe just flush that out in terms of where book-to-bill is -- has tracked year-to-date? And anymore color there would be helpful.
A – Ron Armstrong: Yes the backlog is I'd say normal in terms of visibility that we have for our factory operations. And as we saw in the first quarter, registrations in the European market were up over last year and you'll continue to see a good market for this year for the full year as our forecast indicates.
Q – Jerry Revich: And so, your orders then are up year-over-year to support the comment about share gains of the market, so at healthy levels and you folks are picking up share that's in the order book, Ron?
A – Ron Armstrong: Yes, the actual order intake is down a bit over the -- last year was a very strong first quarter. So order intake is down similar to levels we've seen with our other European competitors.
Q – Jerry Revich: Okay. And then in the U.S. business, can you talk about whether you've seen any shifts in the production request from your customers? Or are you seeing any folks looking to get earlier in the queue or later in the queue relative to the production plan? I guess how fluid is the backlog situation in North America? And how firm is the production plan for the third quarter as you see it?
Ron Armstrong: I think it's all very firm. So I think all the movement of trucks in and out is just very normal and the backlog is very firm.
Jerry Revich: Okay. And then from an SG&A standpoint, you folks were able to keep SG&A flat on really strong sales growth, I'm wondering is there any comp dynamic going on in the year ago period? Or if you folks as you continue production year-over-year can maintain a flat SG&A. Any moving pieces for us to think about?
Ron Armstrong: Well, as you know, Jerry rigorous cost management is something that we're very focused on and managing that over the cycle. There was some benefit in the quarter from some currency movement, but for the most part it's just our ongoing focus on managing our cost for the entire cycle.
Jerry Revich: Strong performance, Thank you.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joel Tiss with BMO. Your line is now open.
Joel Tiss: How is it going guys?
Ron Armstrong: Good, Joel. You?
Joel Tiss: Hanging in there. So I keep hearing you guys are gaining market share in parts, and some of your dealers are gaining market share in parts. And I just wonder if you can illuminate for us a little bit who is losing share? Or is there just such a big opportunity out there for everybody that there is a lot more room to keep going?
Ron Armstrong: I think a lot of that share gain comes from our engines where we've been in the engine business in North America. This is our ninth year and so the -- as a percent of the total population of engines, the PACCAR MX engine is just becoming a bigger portion. And so that engine business is a nice add-on. Plus the – we now have 175 or so TRP stores around the globe and so that enables the parts group to get more penetration with all-makes customers trailers, buses, et cetera. So I think those are probably the two key drivers of share growth in the parts arena.
Joel Tiss: So the more the pirates I guess who are losing out?
Ron Armstrong: Excuse me?
Joel Tiss: The pirates like the third-party, like non-OEM guys are the ones who are losing out?
Ron Armstrong: On the TRP side that would -- it could be the WDs, it could be other OEs. I don't know.
Joel Tiss: Okay. And also can you talk a little bit about what you guys have been working on for the last couple of years to handle -- we've been hearing about a potential slowdown in fourth quarter production levels, and can you just give us a little sense of how you guys can work your decremental margins and your cost structure to balance that out?
Ron Armstrong: Yeah, I mean we're full ahead on our production. We're going to continue to produce trucks. We -- as I said the backlog is firm. The demand, we're quoting business into 2020. So full ahead for us and we're -- we've -- because we -- as we mentioned earlier, we manage that cost structure prudently during all times -- all phases of the cycle. We've proven historically that we can manage our cost structure quite efficiently and this will be no exception. We'll be able to manage that quite effectively with our factories and with our other operations.
Joel Tiss: Thanks. And just one last one. Sorry to hog up all the time. Can you talk a little bit about Brazil, I see you highlighted it and where your market share is and what the market looks like for the next year or two there? Thank you, and then I'm done.
Ron Armstrong: Yeah, so we're at 6.7% share last year. Similar in the first quarter, we are continuing to increase our production. We produced over 1,000 trucks in the first quarter. In 2018, we basically doubled production from the prior year and we'll be in a similar kind of scale this year for 2019. So we -- the product has just been very well-received by all of our customers and the industry as a whole and we've been recognized as the brand of the year for the last three years. So, we have great dealership representatives. We've got a good network to support the trucks. And so, we're continuing to improve our positioning there. And we're also expanding our Parts and service presence and we're going to add a 160,000 square-foot PDC that will be opening probably in early first half of 2020. We've been using part of our truck factory as a Parts warehouse. So, we need to grow that. And support that. So, the future is very bright for our Brazilian operations.
Q – Joel Tiss: That’s awesome. Thank you.
A – Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Raso with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Q – David Raso: Hi. Good morning. Quick question, the second quarter you have deliveries up 4%, but you're implying gross margins flat to down. Can you help explain that?
A – Ron Armstrong: Yeah. So, the truck margins are in the 12%, 12.5% range. First quarter the truck margins were 12.5%. So, a lot of the incremental revenue will come from the truck side. And so, that wading effect of trucks versus Parts, will sort of keep us in a similar range as to the first quarter.
Q – David Raso: Okay. Thank you. And then also, I noticed the CapEx increase, but you'll hold the R&D, or actually even tweaked it a little lower. And I am just trying to say -- this might be a question more for the meeting coming up in May. But, just trying to understand with all the new drivetrain technology and so forth, and for a long time people have always wondered, how the R&D as a percent of sales is so low for PACCAR. Can you help explain is there some capitalization of some of these dollars that maybe some people might think would be expenses R&D, can you just help us a little bit with the divergence between the CapEx increase and the R&D?
A – Ron Armstrong: Yeah. The CapEx increase is purely just as we've gotten into the year, the ability of our teams to move things forward has gone quicker than what we anticipated. Our plans are still pretty much the same. But we're actually going to be able to get things done quicker than what we'd originally anticipated. So, that's the capital increase. The R&D is, just part of how we prudently manage our product development efforts and have for years. We're probably going to spend a record amount of R&D for our company this year. But it's well thought out well positioned. And we feel good about we're doing everything we need to do to support the future needs for greenhouse gas changes, future products and also the advanced powertrain arena. So, I think we feel really good about what we're doing and the things that we're investing in both on the capital and R&D side.
Q – David Raso: Well, I think this is an important issue, because people are trying to figure out the cost pressures on the company with potentially some volume declines coming in the next year or two. So the divergence of -- we were able to pull things forward, and thus the CapEx goes up, but not the R&D? 
A – Ron Armstrong: The R&D has gone up.
Q – David Raso: Can you help us understand a little better the – No. but the change, the change from the start of the year that caused the CapEx to go up hasn't had a commensurate increase in the R&D?
A – Ron Armstrong: Yeah because the plans and projects that we're working on hasn't changed, It's just the pace at which those capital projects are being executed, and the ability to get those done quicker than what we had originally anticipated. So, there was no change in the projects. It's just recognition of the timing of incurring those capital-related costs.
Q – David Raso: Can we -- I guess we can dive into this more in the May meeting. But I think the idea is sure if there's CapEx-related costs for the new introductions. The R&D has stayed at a relatively low level. And I think the ability to continue to do that the next couple of years or lack thereof is a big discussion around the earnings resiliency. So, I'll look forward to going to a little more detail in May.
A – Ron Armstrong: Sure. Okay.
Q – David Raso: Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
A – Ron Armstrong: Yeah. Thanks David.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher with UBS. Your line is now open.
Q – Steven Fisher: Thanks and Good morning. So Harrie…
A – Ron Armstrong: Good morning.
Q – Steven Fisher: Morning, Harrie, mentioned that used truck values are up year-over-year. I am curious on used truck inventories. How do the levels in Q1 compare to Q4 2018 both on your own lots and on dealer lots and what you're expecting for the used truck market later this year as trade-ins likely keep coming in?
A – Harrie Schippers: Used truck inventories are I think almost the same level as they were at the end of last year. The amount for used trucks in -- especially in North America has been really good. We see good pricing, good demand for premium trucks. So...
A – Ron Armstrong: And we're continuing to fill out our used truck locations. We're going to be adding a new location on the property where our factory is located to further supplement our ability to sell used trucks and we're the biggest used truck seller for Peterbilt and Kenworth vehicles and we'll continue to support those excellent residual values.
Q – Steven Fisher: Okay. And then I know you guys generally frame oil and gas as being really only a very modest contributor to earnings. But curious just on order trends in oil and gas for trucks and how the capacity expansion of pipelines later this year might affect some of the market assumptions you might have?
A – Ron Armstrong: Yes, if there is pipeline capacity expansion and more importantly, if there's infrastructure program that gets approved, that will be where the vocational truck leader in North America and both of those things would be big pluses for our business. But as we said, the backlog for this year is very firm.
Q – Steven Fisher: Okay, great, thanks very much.
A – Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Q – Jamie Cook: Hi good morning. I know you talked about price -- price realization in the quarter of 3%. I think you said which was pretty good. Can you just -- was that better than your expectations? And sort of what are your assumptions for the remainder of the year? And then my second question, understanding a very good visibility into 2019, just based on conversations you're having with your customers, what are they saying about 2020? Is it in line with industry forecasts? And then I guess last congratulations Ron and Preston. But Preston any initial views on -- as you take over any top priorities? Thank you.
A – Ron Armstrong: I'll let Preston go first or I can start with the back then.
A – Preston Feight: No. I think that PACCAR has been performing exceptionally well. We're a long history. We've a great team in place, bringing great results, good strategy and we plan to continue with that.
A – Ron Armstrong: So back on the truck pricing, I think on a year-over-year basis, I think we'll see similar comparison when you look back to the same quarter of the prior year, similar performance that offsets some increases in cost, but I think we'll see similar performance of what we saw in the first quarter.
Q – Jamie Cook: And then just color on what your customers are saying about 2020 relative to what industry forecasts are saying?
A – Ron Armstrong: Well, I mean, we're having negotiations with customers on an ongoing basis about 2020 delivery. So and I think there's still recognition that the economy is good, the demand for freight is good, discussions with customers, people that need to haul freight it's -- there's still a pretty tight market to be able to get things delivered on a timely basis. So we're preparing for a continuation of the good market conditions into 2020.
A – Harrie Schippers: And with all the improvements in greenhouse gas emissions, our customers keep seeing that the trucks we're building today deliver up to 15% better fuel economy than the trucks they bought four years ago and that really helps them when they have to decide in replacing their equipment.
Q – Jamie Cook: Okay, thank you. I’ll get back in queue.
A – Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe O'Dea with Vertical Research. Your line is now open.
Q – Joe O'Dea: Hi good morning. You continue to post share gains in Europe this quarter. Can you just give a little bit of detail within the region, where you're seeing some of that progress and then, if there's any mix effect within that as well? Are you seeing a little bit better traction with some of the larger fleets in Europe?
A – Preston Feight: Yes I'll take that one. really having excellent broad performance across Europe, but it's exceptionally strong in Poland, and the UK has produced nice results this year. I think that we, as DAF have the best trucks, operating the best life cycle cost for our customers, and that's being worn out with the performance of them in the market, and we're seeing the fleets recognize that now. So we're gaining share with some of the larger fleets in Europe, and growing broadly throughout Europe. That's what's leading to this strong performance.
Q – Joe O'Dea: And then, on the CapEx front and the investment in the engine plants, is that tied at all to things you see on the horizon as an opportunity to really catalyze the next stage of engine penetration for you? I don't know whether that's related to Phase 2 or anything else. But we saw the initial progress on share gains since the launch in 2010 that plateaued a bit kind of wondering what you see on the horizon, both contributing toward making the investments now and kind of triggering some potential share gains?
Ron Armstrong: Yeah. Basically, we're selling every engine that we can produce, and so we need the additional capacity in our factories, and we need the additional capacity with our suppliers. So that's where the investment is focused, so we can go to those next plateaus and deliver great engines to our customers.
Q – Joe O'Dea: Got it. Thank you.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Frohnapple with Buckingham Research. Your line is now open.
Neil Frohnapple: Hi. Thanks. Just a couple of follow-ups from earlier questions. So if I recall PACCAR was the first in the industry to cut production in the fourth quarter of 2015 ahead of the 2016 decline in Class 8 production. You guys obviously still sound pretty positive on the fundamentals, but the industry is chewing through the backlog at a quick pace. So curious on what you're looking at, and whether you'll start to take down the daily build rate later this year. Do you need Class 8 orders to rise in the summer, early fall time frame? Just any more thoughts there would be helpful.
Ron Armstrong: The back -- as I said, the backlog's firm we're moving full ahead. So...
Neil Frohnapple: Okay. And then, you guys are continuing to build momentum in Brazil. What are the plans on launching more products in the region for some of the lower weight classes of vehicles?
Ron Armstrong: Yeah. That's certainly on the drawing board and part of our process. We've obviously been balancing our entry into the market, and as we continue to grow and expand our business, we'll be introducing new products just like we do in all markets around the world to continue to enhance our position in that market as well. So yeah, that's definitely on our roadmap.
Neil Frohnapple: Okay. And then, one last one, Ron. So it sounds like the supplier constraints are largely improved. I mean are they completely behind at this point, or is that still an opportunity to benefit the margins as we move through the year?
Ron Armstrong: We're going to continue to work very closely with our suppliers to continue to move up our build rates in the second quarter and third quarters in North America, and so it's always an orchestrated effort with our suppliers. We feel good about -- obviously the performance in the first quarter was much better than what we saw in the second half of the year, and we expect that to continue for the rest of this year.
Neil Frohnapple: Okay. Thank you.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Ross Gilardi: Thanks, guys.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning.
Ross Gilardi: Good morning. I was just wondering if I can get some of your thoughts on how they're evolving in alternative powertrain? What are you in-sourcing versus outsourcing? And as things develop, are you leaning more towards doing more in-house versus outsourcing and why?
Ron Armstrong: Yeah. I think it's a real exploratory time with respect to a lot of the new technologies, and we're taking multiple paths in terms of developing our own internal capabilities, working closely with a variety of suppliers who are developing their capabilities. As we progress over the next 12 to 24 months, we'll be sort of figuring out what the best path is for us for the long-term. And there's still quite a bit of challenge with respect to the economic viability of some of these powertrain choices, and can they survive without high degree of subsidization? So in our mind it's still early days. I know we have a lot of customers who want to have some initial trucks to have in their fleet so they can understand the capability and we're supporting those and so we'll continue to explore our avenues. And as I say the next 12 to 24 months will be critical for us to sort of define our way forward.
Ross Gilardi: What about Ron your Silicon Valley office? What are you learning out there particularly on the autonomous development?
Ron Armstrong: A lot. When we first made the decision to open that office that was -- it was clear there was a lot of research that was being done on that area. And so our team in Silicon Valley -- that's where we're really developing our internal capabilities for autonomy. We have a great team there and they're really working closely with some third-party suppliers to develop our own packages. And then as I said, we're working with others who have their packages and want to incorporate those into our vehicles. And so we have multiple paths that we're working on there, but the Silicon Valley office and Silicon Valley team has been very helpful, as well as our technical teams and our tech center up here in Mount Vernon in Washington and in Eindhoven. They're all working together quite well to help further our efforts and be smarter about what's possible and all the things you have to think about to accomplish successful implementation.
Ross Gilardi: And then just lastly geographically I mean now that you've had the real success with Brazil and gotten that off the ground. And I think when you originally launched that investment the idea was you get to a 10% market share in first five years or so and you seem like you're well on the path to doing that. Might we hear something relatively soon about other geographies be it China and India which you've talked about on and off for years. Are you getting any closer to making investment in one of those regions?
Ron Armstrong: Well the way I think every day that goes by we're a day closer. But there's nothing on the horizon. We continue to -- we have offices in Beijing, we have offices in Shanghai, we have an office in Pune, India with hundreds of employees working in those areas and they're providing valuable support for sourcing from suppliers for engineering technology, embedded software. So we get a lot of support from those teams and we make a lot of trips and have a lot of discussions with potential partners both on the OEM side, the component side to evaluate what -- where's that opportunity that's going to provide us a good return for our shareholders. And so we'll continue to evaluate, because it is -- they are large markets and there's opportunity there. It just has to be a situation that's going to make sense for us as a company and provide us a reasonable return.
Ross Gilardi: Okay, great. look forward to seeing you guys in a couple of weeks. Thanks.
Ron Armstrong: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Your line is now open.
Rob Wertheimer: Hi, good morning to you.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning, Rob.
Rob Wertheimer: Just a quick follow-up you discussed the parts business where you've a long run of success in both improving revenues and margins. Has the mix of those more proprietary engine parts been a material contributor to your margin gains? Or has that been more operational? Is the mix on the come still? I don't know if you're willing to segment that margin gain? But that's the question.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, I think there has been a positive impact on the margin performance of our operations in North America. Europe we've always had our own engine and so we've enjoyed those margins for quite some time and we've seen margin enhancement in North America as a result of selling -- the engine parts sales have sort of outsized the total growth in North America and so that's a contributor.
Rob Wertheimer: And then have we seen that gain flow through from the market share gain you've had on your engine in North America? Or I don't know the full lag of when Part sales come versus the engine? I hope there still some maturity come in that margin mix? Thank you.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, so I mean as the engines mature and you get to -- we're getting to the point now where you're starting to get into more replacement and overhaul kinds of activities for our engines and so we're just starting to see the benefits of that phase of the aftermarket opportunity.
Rob Wertheimer: That’s helpful. Thank you.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Adam Uhlman: Good morning, everybody and congrats on all the records. And congrats on the retirement, Ron and Preston.
Ron Armstrong: Yeah.
Adam Uhlman: First to start with the step-up in CapEx for the year. I might have missed it earlier on the call. But what exact projects were pulled forward? Is this the paint facility or some of the distribution centers you're landing in this year? Or could you expand on that a bit, please?
Ron Armstrong: Yeah. There's really nothing -- I guess, I would say no projects pulled forward. It's just the execution of the projects that we have been planning all along. We have new PDCs, we have factory expansions, we had a nice grand -- groundbreaking for the Chillicothe paint shop. And those things are just that -- we're going to be able to get those projects done faster and moving quicker than what we had originally anticipated. So, our spending it's just -- is purely just a matter of the timing of the spend. Those have always been part of our plan.
Adam Uhlman: Gotcha. Thank you. And then, with the build rates expected to be up 2% to 4% sequentially in the second quarter, could you help us understand how that plays out between North America and Europe? And then, I guess I think you'd mentioned a minute ago that builds would be increasing again in the third quarter for North America. Did I hear that right, and by how much? Thanks. 
Ron Armstrong: Yeah. I think what we'll see is -- the production that 2% to 4% is pretty much all North America-driven. And I think in the third quarter we'd probably see a similar level of production. We have the two-week summer shutdown at DAF in the third quarter. So that -- we'll see a reduction in production in Europe, but it should be for the most part offset by production levels in North America.
Adam Uhlman: Okay. Gotcha. Thanks. And then just a clarification. I think you mentioned that the orders were down in Europe. Could you tell us by about how much? And what the orders in North America have been looking like year-over-year?
Ron Armstrong: Yeah. The orders in North America are -- because of the strength of the backlog. They're reflective of just the customers that are really filling in the few open slots that exist for 2019, but mostly it's for 2020 build. And again, in Europe, we saw a reduction in orders from -- last year's first quarter was when the backlog really got built up for DAF and so we saw a reduction in first quarter to -- I guess, I can say more normal levels of order intake.
Adam Uhlman: Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Scott Group with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Rob Salmon: Hey, good morning, guys. It's Rob on for Scott.
Ron Armstrong: Hi, Rob.
Rob Salmon: With a quick follow-up on -- in terms of the North America production outlook that you guys are expecting to ramp up. You guys generated some very good incremental margins that I'm backing into on the truck in the first quarter. Should we be thinking about similar incremental margins as we look out into the second quarter based on the roughly 3% pricing you guys were talking to as the production ramps as well?
Ron Armstrong: Yeah. I'd say similar. I mean, it depends a little bit on the customer mix, the model mix, the geography mix, so there's lot of factors that weight into that. So something in a similar range would be.
Rob Salmon: And the past couple quarters, on the finance side you guys have had very low provisions for losses on receivables. Is this a good run rate looking forward based on your outlook of the market at around 0.6% of revenue? Or should we be expecting that to kind of move as we look forward?
Ron Armstrong: Well, I mean, because of the strength of the freight markets, our customers have enjoyed excellent performance. Our credit teams and our finance teams have done a lot of work to really apply lot of intelligent data analytics to our credit underwriting. We feel really good about the capabilities there. And so as long as the economy is good, the freight markets are good the portfolio will continue to perform very well. We've seen improvement in used trucks and -- the portfolio is growing. The team has some great technology that they've made available to our customers and, so I think all of that is playing to our finance company's capabilities and performance.
Rob Salmon: That makes sense. And can you remind me -- your used truck pricing was up in the quarter and the type of volumes that you guys saw?
Ron Armstrong: Yes, it was up 2% to 3% compared to the first quarter of last year. I don't have the used truck volumes last year. For 2018, we sold about 15,000 Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF used trucks and so that's 3,000 to 4,000 a quarter, so I would guess that we're probably somewhere in the 3,000 3,500 range for used trucks sales in the first quarter.
Rob Salmon: Thank you. Appreciate the time.
Ron Armstrong: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Seth Weber with RBC Capital. Your line is now open.
Seth Weber: Hey, good morning, guys.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning.
Seth Weber: Just a quick -- couple of quick follow-ups. I guess just thinking about the Parts business again, I mean, would you -- do you think it's fair to think about that business being -- that business could be up next year even if new truck demand is lower is my first question.
Ron Armstrong: That surely would be our aim. Again, we're continuing to add additional TRP stores. We're continuing to add additional Peterbilt and Kenworth dealer locations, adding locations in markets like Brazil and other areas and so our goal is to continue to have the new programs in place, the additional technology to continue to build that business throughout all cycles.
Seth Weber: Okay, so you think like a low to mid single-digit kind of number for next year is reasonable?
Ron Armstrong: Yes, it's probably a little bit early to commit to something.
Seth Weber: Okay. Fair enough. And then just going back to the pricing and the incremental margin questions. I mean are you assuming that input costs kind of stay where they are for the rest of the year? I mean, I guess , some companies are talking about input costs coming down for balance of the year or so. Just trying to kind of frame operating leverage coming from...
Ron Armstrong: I think that our assumption is probably a pretty steady input cost. We have most of our components are purchased under long-term agreements and so it takes a little while to blend cost movements into the cost of the vehicles et cetera. So I think that's pretty much our assumption is a pretty stable cost environment.
Seth Weber: Okay. That’s all I had. Thank you very much.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Faheem Sabeiha with Longbow Research. Your line is now open.
Faheem Sabeiha: Hi. Good morning. And congrats on a great quarter. 
Ron Armstrong: Thank you. 
Faheem Sabeiha: Just a question on the MX production. Is there maybe some plans or inability to accelerate that production capacity coming online sooner? It just seems like with your share remaining in the -- where it's at now exiting the cycle could maybe stall engine parts growth opportunity that you laid out in your Investor Day last year?
Ron Armstrong: Yes, as a company we produced last year 97,500 engines which is the highest that we've ever produced and obviously of that -- every one of those -- DAF had record production and so every DAF truck has a PACCAR engine. And so as time goes on we'll have -- see more penetration of those engines into Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks and we are -- we've committed the money to get the capacity in place as quickly as we can. I think most of that will be being implemented in the 2019-2020 time frame for having full availability at the 2021-ish time frame.
Faheem Sabeiha: Okay. And kind of adding to Seth's question, I guess, with the looming decline in Class 8 production, do you think say a more favorable price cost environment, lower premium freight costs and lower over time to the extent you're at that level today will maybe offset the decline in volumes when you look at your gross margin next year?
Ron Armstrong: Yes, I -- the demand for trucks is there and we're all ahead and as I had mentioned before when things do adjust down we've proven over many, many cycles that we're very adapt at managing through those. So we'll continue to execute that very well at whatever point that may happen.
Faheem Sabeiha: Okay. Thanks.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: There are no other questions in queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Ken Hastings: Yes, we'd like to thank everyone for joining the call and thank you operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-29 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR’s Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today’s call is being recorded. And if anyone has an objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR’s Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR’s Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Ron Armstrong, Chief Executive Officer; Harrie Schippers, President and Chief Financial Officer; Preston Feight, Executive Vice President; and Michael Barkley, Senior Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls, we ask that any members of the media on the line participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general, economic, and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. A summary of risks and uncertainties is described in more detail in our periodic reports filed with the SEC. For additional information, please see our SEC filings in the Investor Relations page of paccar.com. I would now like to introduce Ron Armstrong.
Ronald Armstrong: Good morning. Harrie Schippers, Preston Feight, and I will update you on our excellent fourth quarter and full-year results for 2018, important business highlights and PACCAR’s focus on innovation. Thanks to PACCAR’s 28,000 outstanding employees around the world. 2018 was a record-setting year for the company. PACCAR achieved record revenues of $23.5 billion and record net income of $2.2 billion, a 9.3% after-tax return on revenues. PACCAR Parts set annual revenue and profit records and PACCAR Financial achieved record new business volume and a 17% improvement in pre-tax income. PACCAR is celebrating 80 consecutive years of net income. We celebrated many other 2018 accomplishments. PACCAR delivered a record 189,000 trucks worldwide. DAF earned the prestigious International Truck of the Year 2018 Award. Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF introduced a broad range of battery-electric, hybrid and hydrogen fuel cell truck models, which are currently in field testing with customers. DAF Brazil earned the Truck Brand of the Year honor for the third consecutive year and increased its market share in just five years of operation to 6.7%. PACCAR’s focus on sustainable business practices were recognized by the environmental reporting firm, CDP. PACCAR achieved an A rating, which puts us in the top 2% of the over 6,000 companies, which report to CDP. And we’re especially proud that Peterbilt and Kenworth were recognized as Top Workplaces for Women by the organization Women In Trucking. PACCAR has a strong record of shareholder returns. PACCAR has paid a dividend every year since 1941, and has delivered annual dividends of approximately 50% of net income for many years. In 2018, PACCAR declared dividends of $3.09 per share, which was a 41% increase over 2017. Total dividends declared exceeded $1 billion for the first time. PACCAR has increased its regular quarterly dividend at an average of 11% per year during the last 20 years and raised the quarterly dividend another 14% beginning in 2019. PACCAR’s total dividends declared for 2018 result in a robust yield of 5.4% at year-end. PACCAR repurchased 5.8 million shares for $354 million in 2018, which was the most since 2007. The Board of Directors authorized additional share repurchases last year with $540 million remaining at year-end. PACCAR’s fourth quarter revenues were a record $6.3 billion and fourth quarter net income was $578 million. Revenues were 15% higher than the fourth quarter last year and net income was 39% greater, compared to the adjusted net income of $416 million earned in the fourth quarter last year. PACCAR delivered a record 50,400 trucks during the fourth quarter, 6% more than the third quarter. The increase in production resulted for more build days in Europe compared to the third quarter and better supplier performance. Truck and parts gross margins were 14.2% in the fourth quarter. Truck pricing was good with price realization comparable to the second and third quarter at about 2%. During the quarter, we incurred some additional material and labor costs due to supplier constraints, but conditions improved compared to the third quarter. By the end of the fourth quarter, supplier deliveries to the factories were in good shape. Our Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF factories and purchasing and supplier management teams again did a fantastic job of managing production, delivering a record number of trucks and achieving the highest operating margins in the industry. In the first quarter, we’re expecting slightly higher deliveries compared to the fourth quarter. Deliveries are projected to be up over 15% when compared to last year’s first quarter. Truck and parts gross margins are estimated to increase in the first round to – first quarter to around 14.5%. Now Preston Feight will provide an update on DAF PACCAR Parts and PACCAR Financial Services.
Preston Feight: Thanks, Ron. DAF had an outstanding 2018. DAF achieved record European above 16-tonne market share of 16.6%, compared to 15.3% in 2017. DAF was the market leader in European tractor registrations and is making great progress towards its goal of 20% market share. Europe’s greater than 16-tonne truck market was a robust 319,000 registrations, reflecting continued strong demand and growing European economies. European economies and freight transport activity are projected to grow again in 2019. We expect 2019 to be another excellent year, with a market in the range of 290,000 to 320,000 trucks. In 2018, PACCAR’s Parts business generated record annual revenues of $3.8 billion and record annual pre-tax profit of $769 million. Annual revenue grew 15% and annual profit grew 26% compared to 2017. Parts fourth quarter revenues were record $971 million and quarterly pre-tax profit was a strong $194 million. PACCAR has steadily increased its truck and engine market share over the years, resulting in greater number of PACCAR trucks and engines in operation. This combined with consistent investments in parts distribution capacity and customer-focused technologies has created a very strong growth environment for PACCAR Parts. We expect parts sales to grow by 5% to 8% this year. PACCAR Financial Services annual pre-tax income increased 17% in 2018 to $306 million. 2018 revenues were $1.36 billion. Fourth quarter pre-tax income increased 21% to $87 million. The portfolio increased to record size and continues to perform well. Kenworth and Peterbilt Class 8 used truck values increased over 10% in the fourth quarter compared to the same period last year. Kenworth and Peterbilt truck resale values command a 10% to 20% premium over competitors’ vehicles. We expect 2019 to be another good year for used truck volumes and prices. PACCAR Parts and PACCAR Financial Services profit contributions are much larger than they were 20 years ago. These businesses are inherently less cyclical than the sale of new trucks and their consistent profitability enhances PACCAR’s financial results throughout all phases of the the business cycle. Harrie Schippers will now provide an update on Kenworth and Peterbilt and PACCAR innovation.
Harrie Schippers: Thanks, Preston. In 2018, U.S. and Canadian Class 8 truck retail sales were 285,000 units. Kenworth and Peterbilt had a record production and achieved a strong 29.4% market share. In 2019, we expect the U.S. and Canada Class 8 truck market to expand further to a range of 285,000 to 315,000 vehicles. Kenworth and Peterbilt have a record backlog with production visibility into late 2019. U.S. economic and freight indicators were strong in 2018, with nearly 3% GDP growth, 3.8% industrial production growth and 6.6% freight tonnage growth. Fleet utilization levels are very high at 97% in the fourth quarter of 2018. In 2019, U.S. GDP and industrial production are expected to grow another 2% to 3%, which bodes well for freight volumes and demand for trucks. In the past, the surge in orders was often driven by a pre-buy related to an emissions change, that is not the case in this cycle, which has been driven by economic and freight growth. Kenworth and Peterbilt customers are benefiting from the industry-leading operating efficiency provided by our trucks, as well as superior after-market support from PACCAR Parts and PACCAR Financial Services. PACCAR showcased many innovative products and technologies last year. DAF introduced the CF Electric, LF Electric, XF Hybrid and CF Hybrid trucks. Peterbilt introduced Model 579, Model 520 and Model 220 electric trucks. Kenworth introduced a T680 hybrid truck and two T680 hydrogen fuel cell models. Earlier this month, several of these trucks were on display at the CES Technology Show in Las Vegas. We had a terrific turnout of people interested in PACCAR technology and the opportunity to see the trucks and technology firsthand. We were the only OEM displaying trucks at the show. Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF alternative powertrain products are in field trials with customers, focusing on regional distribution, refuse, urban delivery and port applications. These applications will be the most economically feasible for customers in the medium-term. Longer-term, alternative powertrain vehicles will likely be competitive in more applications. While we are preparing for the long-term by making investments in alternative powertrain technologies, we do expect diesel to remain the most efficient and cost-effective powertrain technology in heavy truck applications for the foreseeable future. The PACCAR Innovation Center in Silicon Valley completed its first full-year of operations in 2018. The Innovation Center team complements PACCAR’s extensive R&D efforts and is focused on developing a production-ready level for autonomous PACCAR truck. The team has developed an excellent reputation with the entrepreneurial community with start-up companies, venture capital firms and academia. PACCAR was recognized in 2018 for its innovations in software and manufacturing. DAF was honored with the Computable Award 2018 in The Netherlands for its 3D Truck Configurator web application. Peterbilt in Denton, Texas, the PACCAR engine factory in Columbus, Mississippi and the PACCAR truck factory in Ste-Thérèse, Canada each earned a prestigious Manufacturing Leadership Award from Frost & Sullivan. These manufacturing innovations and arms factory capacity, efficiency and safety exemplify PACCAR’s operational excellence. We invested $437 million in capital and $306 million in R&D expenses in 2018. In 2019, we’re planning to increase capital investments to $525 million to $575 million and increased R&D expenses to $320 million to $350 million. These investments will develop the next generation of Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF trucks, enhance PACCAR’s diesel and alternative powertrain technologies and add additional capacity and efficiency to the company’s manufacturing and parts distribution facilities. Thank you. We’d be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Ross Gilardi: Hey, good morning, good afternoon, everybody. I just got a couple of questions. First of all, maybe you could talk a little bit more about the Parts business, where do you think we are in the cycle? You’ll be factoring in some deceleration this year. But I remember an interesting chart you had at your Investor Day showing that we’re in somewhat of a sweet spot for parts, given the age Class of the active fleet. So why would that actually even slowdown this year?
Ronald Armstrong: Well, I’d just say, last year was an extraordinary year for PACCAR Parts. They put a lot of things in place, which we reap the benefits of those last year. We continue to invest in additional capacity this year. So we’ve got two pretty major projects: one in Las Vegas and one in Brazil for next year. So the programs that have been put in place will continue to generate positive returns. And so, we think at this point somewhere in the 5% to 8% range, but we’ll see how the year progresses and we’ll have better insight in that as we have this discussion three months from now.
Ross Gilardi: Yes, got it. Thanks, Ron. And then, maybe you could just talk about Class 8 order trends a bit. I mean, obviously, they were at super normal levels throughout the year and they’ve started to slow just back towards more normal levels. What do you see in there? Is it the big fleets, the smaller fleets? Is it really just everybody there? I mean, you sound like, you’re still quite positive this year, but any color on order trends would be great?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, over 450,000 orders last year was – I would still call it super normal, I would call it abnormal, which was, yes, great for the backlog. I was just at the ATD meeting last week, meeting with several of our dealers. The dealers are very confident about the ability to deliver the trucks that are in the backlog and very confident about orders that will continue to fill in the openings that are there and we’re already taking some orders for 2020. So industry conditions are very positive from our perspective.
Ross Gilardi: Thank you.
Ronald Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joel Tiss with BMO. Your line is now open.
Joel Tiss: [I’m not used to make it on so early.] [ph]
Ronald Armstrong: We always love, yes.
Joel Tiss: Two things. Can you give us a sense, maybe this is more of a Harrie question. Why the inventories are running up kind of 27.5% at the end of the year? Usually, you normalize them towards the end of the year. And I just wondered if there’s something unusual in there, or you just gearing up for a strong 2019?
Harrie Schippers: Are you talking about by – looking at the balance sheet, the…
Joel Tiss: Yes.
Harrie Schippers: …the carrying value from year-to-year?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. I’d say, I mean, Harrie can have this one. But I think it’s mostly just reflecting the higher production levels.
Harrie Schippers: Exactly you’re right, Ron, reflecting the higher build rate.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes.
Joel Tiss: And then can you give us a little background – can you tell us what your penetration rate is on your parts out of your total installed base? What do you guess your market share is on the parts penetration? Is it 15% or 40%, or just an idea, so we can also gauge how much growth potential there is longer-term? Thank you.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. I’d say – that’s a very – unfortunately, there’s not a really strong gauge of the parts market like there is on trucks. But I would say, based on seeing our parts revenue growth relative to the competition, what we can glean from that is that, our share position improved in – really in all of our markets last year and again, kudos to the parts team for the great things and investments they’ve made in warehousing, in programs. And I think we’ll continue to grow our share without – again, without knowing precise numbers.
Joel Tiss: All right. Thank you.
Ronald Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Volkmann with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Steve Volkmann: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Ronald Armstrong: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Volkmann: Ron, I was going to see if I could push you a little bit for a little bit more color on your pricing commentary. I think, you said prices were up about 2% in the second, third and sounds like also the fourth quarter, and I’m curious about two things. One is, how does that sort of compare with the increases that you saw in things like parts’ costs and labor inflation and so forth? In other words, price cost neutral, negative or positive, I’d just be curious on how that trended? And then as we look into 2019, are there some chance – opportunities to maybe get a little bit more price with the backlog being as long as it is? And how does the price cost kind of balance look to you guys going forward? Thank you.
Ronald Armstrong: I’ll let Michael talk a little bit about the details of the cost side and then I’ll talk about 2019. Michael?
Michael Barkley: On the cost side for the fourth quarter, they were up about 1.6% or – which was less than our revenue side, which is up over 2%. So we had some positive price realization during the quarter.
Ronald Armstrong: So – but as you look next year, Steven, I think, the orders are pretty well in the house for North America. And so we know what that pricing is and we commented on what we think the first quarter margin is a little bit enhancement up to around 14.5% in the first quarter. And we’d say, if you look at the full-year, probably in the 14% to 15% range for the year.
Steve Volkmann: Okay, thanks. That’s helpful.
Ronald Armstrong: Thank you, sir.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Jerry Revich: Hi, good morning and good afternoon, everyone.
Ronald Armstrong: Good morning, Jerry.
Jerry Revich: I’m wondering if you could talk about the new products that you were stepping through at the beginning of the call, the battery power products are in various stages of customer testing. Can you talk about what are the most successful variants so far? And when do you think we’ll see them in commercial production in your facilities? I appreciate that it’s early, but maybe you could share with us about the early results?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. I think, we sort of think about it in three different layers. I think where we’re at today in the – sort of the demonstration phase where we’re learning about new technologies and how they work, next step would probably be some level of low volume production, which would probably be starting next year. And then at some point, once the commercial viability of these technologies are good and the customers – the customer demand is there, I mean, ultimately, for us, it’s all about the customer demand. And I think, the economic feasibility will dictate a lot of that as time goes on. And so, we’re doing everything we can to be prepared and be ready and be as smart as we can be about those technologies. And we’ll be ready to start production when the customers’ demand is there for those products.
Jerry Revich: Okay. And then the low volume production that’s expected next year, can you talk about what the powertrain looks like in terms of – is it a PACCAR supplied powertrain? Is it third-party? I guess, what we’ve seen from you folks in the past on the diesel side is lower-volume products you’ve tend to use third-party powertrains and where you have more scale you’ve done in-house. And I’m wondering is that the framework we should be thinking about at least in the early stages of EV?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. I think in the early stages, we’re working with a variety of partners to identify what technologies work best, but also getting smarter about what role we want to play and what position we want to have in these alternative powertrain components. So that’s still being studied and evaluated for the long-term.
Jerry Revich: And in PACCAR Financial, you folks had really strong margins this quarter. It sounds like used truck values were a contributor to that. Can you just flesh that out? Was that a mark-to-market, or is that sustained benefit now that values have moved higher? Can you just give us a bit more context behind the strong parts – or excuse me, FinCo margin improvement?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, there’s no mark-to-market. We just look at valuations of our used truck inventories every quarter. And once we adjust typically, if there’s a write-down needed, we take the write-down and then that becomes the basis going forward. So no mark-to-market enhancements, it’s all about just – the market pricing is better and we’re getting a better result from our used truck activities, particularly in North America.
Jerry Revich: Okay. Thank you.
Ronald Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Raso with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
David Raso: Hi, thank you very much.
Ronald Armstrong: Good morning, David.
David Raso: Regarding the first quarter delivery comment, if I heard correctly, up 15% year-over-year. Can you help us geographically how we’re thinking about delivery sequentially?
Harrie Schippers: I think the lion’s share of that will probably be in North America with some improvement in Europe as well compared to last year’s first quarter. And we’ll see – yes, we’re seeing – we’ll see some improvement in South America as well. So I think, most of the regions will be up in Mexico, I think, will be up as well.
David Raso: Yes. I’m just kind of looking at normal sequentials, usually Europe and the rest of world are down 4Q to 1Q, so most of the sequential growth is North America. And I guess, what was driving it, you haven’t found this constructive on the supply chain for a little while, it sounds like that’s improving?
Ronald Armstrong: It is.
David Raso: So I appreciate the price cost. I have to believe the inefficiencies in the supply chain have been rather notable the last couple of quarters. So with that starting in the past, I guess, maybe I’m just pushing a little bit on the gross margin to have the gross margin in the first quarter still down year-over-year. I’m just trying to get a sense of, do we see at some point, the gross margins can grow on that stronger delivery growth, especially if North America is sort of driving the growth? I would have thought the supply chain improvements maybe able to bump up the gross margin thoughts?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. So if you look at truck margins, truck margins in the fourth quarter, I think, we’re about 11.9% – 11.8%, 11.9%. And so, because the revenue growth in the first quarter will be more related to trucks than parts, you get a bit of a mix effect that has a margin impact. So that’s sort of what we’re seeing. And if – and we’re seeing good – really good performance by our suppliers in the month of January and that ensured that continue that there could be some upside. But right now, we’re making our best call based on how we see it currently.
David Raso: No. I appreciate that, yes. We have on a pre-tax level margin, truck was still down year-over-year in the fourth quarter. But are you saying that at least, there’s a chance, say, the pre-tax truck margins should have a chance to start growing year-over-year with the deliveries? That’s what we’re looking for the extra little pop to earnings power. Can we start to assume some improving year-over-year margin?
Ronald Armstrong: It could. And so, we’ll – again, I think we’ll see how things progress here as we work through the first quarter.
David Raso: Okay. And a quick follow-up on Europe. I appreciate the derisking the guide down a little bit. But can you help us with how the orders were in the fourth quarter year-over-year?
Ronald Armstrong: Let me just – if we can – the orders were strong while we look for the numbers. We had a really strong December in Europe, and…
Harrie Schippers: Yes, fourth quarter orders were up 8%, and for the full-year, orders were up 17% in Europe.
David Raso: Okay, all right. So it’s up 8% going into the year.
Harrie Schippers: Yes.
David Raso: And lastly, the repo. The repo was a nice step up in the fourth quarter. Maybe if you can just help us how you think about the cycle and how it maybe influences your thoughts on the share repo?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. I mean, we – when the valuation is attractive as it is currently, we step up our efforts on the repurchase activity. And so that’s been the approach we’ve taken for years and we’ll continue to apply that. We still have $540 million of authorization that will continue to manage through 2019.
David Raso: Okay, I appreciate it. Thank you so much.
Ronald Armstrong: Thank you, David.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Seth Weber with RBC. Your line is now open.
Seth Weber: Hey, good morning, good afternoon, everybody. Just kind of going back to David’s question on the gross margin. Is there anyway to quantify how much the supply chain disruption or some hiccups cost you and margin in the fourth quarter? I think, you said it was maybe 50 basis points in the third quarter. Did it get less onerous in the fourth quarter?
Harrie Schippers: Yes, that’s a tough one. There’s just so many inputs that go with that. So, I don’t recall that being that specific. So it’s – it is an impact and it’s tens of millions, but it’s hard to quantify.
Seth Weber: Okay, fair enough. And then I wanted to ask about the higher CapEx that you’re looking for in 2019. You did mention some incremental spend on manufacturing facilities. I’m wondering, is that – are you adding brick-and-mortar, or is it just sort of adding incremental machine tools or what? Can you just give us any color on that specific part of the higher CapEx on the manufacturing side? And also, are you ramping up spending on any suppliers? Thanks.
Ronald Armstrong: So I’d say, it’s a combination of all those things. There will be some additional bricks-and-mortar added to some of our facilities to really increase the efficiency. One of the things that we’re going to be doing, we’re going to be investing in a new paint shop in Chillicothe, Ohio. So that’ll be pretty sizable addition and we’ll redirect the current paint shop to be more involved with assembly capacity. We’re also looking at machining investments to support the success of PACCAR MX engine and just to continue to increase the efficiency of all of our factories around the world and we’ll be preparing for new product launches and the facility requirements to go with that.
Seth Weber: Okay. And are you investing in suppliers to help – kind of help them along a little bit these days?
Ronald Armstrong: We definitely are, where there’s supplier is, you can’t get it done fast enough to support what we want to do, then yes, definitely, we’re providing investment – suppliers with capital investment and it’s going to benefit PACCAR.
Seth Weber: Great. Okay, thank you very much, guys.
Ronald Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andy Casey with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Andrew Casey: Good morning out there. How’s everybody doing?
Ronald Armstrong: Good morning, Andy, and you?
Andrew Casey: Doing fine. Thanks.
Ronald Armstrong: [Staying arm?] [ph]
Andrew Casey: Trying, the worst is common. You’re welcome to come out and join us.
Ronald Armstrong: Sunny here in Seattle today.
Andrew Casey: That’s great. Hey, in your European outlook, I mean, some of the questions have already been asked, but you’re expecting the industry sales down around 4% at the midpoint. You had 8% organic growth – sorry, order growth in the fourth quarter. Should we read that to mean that you expect industry trends not necessarily PACCAR, but industry trends to kind of deteriorate through the year?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. The European market has been above 300,000 for three straight years. We based on how we see things, we think 2019 could be the fourth. And so we’re starting the year in a real positive vein with where we’re at. But it’s four years and it’s – we’ll see how long it runs. But we do have some conservatism baked into our thinking as we progress through the year. But hopefully, that doesn’t turn out to be the case.
Andrew Casey: Okay. Thanks for that, Ron. And then just a little bit further on that topic. Have you started to see any weakness in any of those select countries that create the Europe region?
Michael Barkley: You could say that Germany is the place where if there’s anything, there’s a little bit of noise and obviously, the UK. But in general, as Ron just said, we see strong performance in order intake and how the trucks are certainly being received with the customers. So order intake up and market share growth that we’ve achieved feels pretty good for 2019.
Ronald Armstrong: We’re pretty fortunate in the UK. We have – we’re the only OEM in Europe that has a plant manufacturing product in the UK, and that provides us a bit of a competitive advantage depending on how things play out with Brexit. And I think everybody believes that there won’t be a hard Brexit, but in the event there is, it actually, from a competitive situation, it actually plays into our favor. So we’ll see how it all develops, but we’re hopeful that there’s a nice smooth approach to the transition there.
Andrew Casey: Okay, thank you. And then if we can flip over to parts, if I look at it on an annual basis, you had around 150 basis points of operating margin improvement year-over-year, clearly, a very strong performance. When you look back on the entire year, could you kind of review what the main factors driving that improvement were? And then kind of reflect them whether you expect further upside to the margin during 2019?
Ronald Armstrong: So, the big thing is just the operating leverage on the warehouse and sales and marketing spend. And so you get the benefit of that. You get this – we continue to see growth in our engine part and engine part sales, which typically have a little bit higher than average margin, and I don’t think that’s going to change. I think, we’ll continue to see engines – engine parts growth probably still be a leading product line that will help us develop the parts business in 2019. So, offsetting that, we – last year, we constructed the Toronto PDC, which is now up and running and doing great. And so, you’ve got some project costs that we continue to incur just to support the growth of the business going forward. So that tends to offset a little bit, but that’ll be pretty – all pretty normal. And so we’d see some – probably some leverage from that 5% to 8% revenue growth.
Andrew Casey: Okay. Thank you very much.
Ronald Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ann Duignan with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Ronald Armstrong: Good morning, Ann.
Ann Duignan: Oh, sorry, I had you on mute. Sorry. Good morning. I guess, a lot of my questions have been answered. But if we could take a step back and look at your backlog again, particularly in North America, can you talk a little bit about the mix in there of sleeper versus Class 8? And also maybe the large fleet versus smaller owner operator, or any other color you can give us on the mix of that backlog, would be great? Thank you.
Harrie Schippers: And if I look at the backlog for 2019, that’s pretty normal We’ve got a very normal mix of fleet business, bigger fleets and smaller fleets, a retail business by our dealers. And we try to manage that backlog also that in a year where the lead times extend that we’re able to supply all our loyal customers with the trucks that they need.
Ann Duignan: And nothing unusual sleeper versus Class 8 straight, I’m thinking more oil and gas kind of related infrastructure…
Ronald Armstrong: That’s very normal.
Ann Duignan: Okay, that’s good to hear. Thank you.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes.
Ann Duignan: And then in that context also, perhaps you could talk about used values and also the cancellations that escalated for the industry over the last couple of months. Can you talk about what you’ve seen in cancellation, cancellation rates, or what you’re dealers not ordering for stock to begin with, so there have not been the same level of cancellations? If you could talk a little bit about that, that would be good.
Harrie Schippers: Yes, used truck prices have improved nicely as we mentioned. And if we look at cancellations, we don’t see a lot of real consolations. If we see cancellations, it’s cancellations for reorders. So a dealer changes the type or the customer for a truck, but not any significant cancellations so far.
Ann Duignan: And is that your assessment of the industry cancellation rates, that it is more canceling and resetting of delivery train trucks that.
Harrie Schippers: We just – we don’t know what the other – we know what our situation is. But we don’t really have any read into what the competitor numbers look like.
Ann Duignan: Okay. And one quick follow-up on your European outlook. What exactly do you have baked in the outlook for Brexit? You’re assuming it’s a normal or that it doesn’t happen, or what’s the downside risk if we do not get order past the expiration date?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, I think, there’s – there bound to be some, if there’s a hard Brexit, it’s – there’s bound to be some temporary disruption. But that’s – again, that’s temporary and again, because we are the sole producer in the UK. From a competitive standpoint, it’s actually a bit of an advantage for us.
Ann Duignan: No. But in the long-term, pulls to any disruption, obviously?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. I think in long-term, it all sorts itself out, yes, but short-term, there could be challenges.
Ann Duignan: Yes. Okay. I’ll leave it there and get back in line. Thank you. I appreciate it.
Ronald Armstrong: Okay. Thanks, Ann.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning.
Ronald Armstrong: Good morning, Jamie.
Jamie Cook: I guess, first question, I was sort of surprised when you talked about customers already starting to talk about 2020. And obviously, when we look at your stock price in the multiple, the world assumes in 2020, the truck market obviously rolls over. So can you just talk understanding far out? But sort of what your customers are talking about in terms of how they’re thinking about 2020 and sort of how far out you are? And then my second question, I’m sorry, I just wanted to push again on the margins for 2019. I know you said, I think, you said 14% to 15%. But like how is not the midpoint to the high-end 14.5% to 5% more realistic just given price, I mean, material costs are going down, the supplier constraints and inefficiencies should be going away? I just – I don’t understand how we get to the low-end?
Ronald Armstrong: So the backlog, the customers are engaging in discussions about 2020. They’ve got their build slots outlined for 2019. And so some of those discussions are occurring and…
Harrie Schippers: But it’s still very – it’s still very limited for 2020. The big fleets plan requirements in 2020. In general, we haven’t issued our pricing for 2020 yet, so that’s still to come. So once we launch or issue our pricing for 2020, we’ll see more orders for 2020.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. And look, for margins…
Jamie Cook: I’m just wondering if you have a strong view on whatever the industry forecasts are out there for 2020, down 25% based on what you’re hearing, if you think the market is too pessimistic or you don’t forecast you’ll run the business, no matter what…?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. I mean, what will actually be 2020, that’s to be determined. But as we see it right now, there’s people still need and want trucks. And we’re – are we trying to figure out how to build more trucks, not – that’s – and that’s what you see a little bit in our first quarter delivery plan. As far as margins, we’re just starting the year, given a pretty broad range and we’ll have better feel for how suppliers are going to perform over the year and cost movements will be. What’s the impact of commodities and tariffs, et cetera. So, that’s still – we think we have all that pretty well dialed in, but we’ll see how it progresses as we go through the first quarter.
Jamie Cook: Okay, thanks. I’ll get back in queue.
Ronald Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fisher with UBS. Your line is now open.
Steven Fisher: Hi, guys.
Ronald Armstrong: Hey, Steven.
Steven Fisher: Hi. I wonder – I wanted to follow-up on the supply chain topic. And I think, Ron, you said that the suppliers reached a good shape by the end of the fourth quarter. But I guess, I’m curious you’re confident that they’ll be able to seamlessly ramp up further to to meet a still higher rate of production in 2019?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. Our teams are – our materials teams, our purchasing teams, our quality teams, I mean, they’re working closely with our suppliers. And they had some – our suppliers had some difficult hands and they got to dealt with a few hurricanes and a few things like that in the second-half of last year, which – that’s sort of behind us. And so they’ve gotten their legs under him and so, we’re working closely with them to be able to support the progression of build that we want to achieve during the 2019.
Steven Fisher: So is it smooth so far in, say, the month of January?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. January has been the best we’ve seen it in – to a couple of quarters.
Steven Fisher: Okay, terrific. And then just on financial services, just curious how much visibility you have at this point for 2019? The current quarter of profit was a nice run rate at $87 million or so. Is that something you expect to build on in 2019, or might it kind of sustain here and then moderate after a couple of quarters?
Ronald Armstrong: Well, we’ve grown the portfolio with the additional truck deliveries, record truck deliveries and the ability that we’ve financed about 24% of those globally last year and we expect that will continue next year. So I think, we’ll continue to see some modest portfolio growth. And right now, the portfolio is performing excellently. Our past dues are really at historically low levels. And so we entered 2019 in good shape, and so we feel good about where we’re at for 2019 with our Financial Services business for sure.
Steven Fisher: Very good. Thanks a lot.
Ronald Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe O’Dea with Vertical Research. Your line is now open.
Joseph O’Dea: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions.
Ronald Armstrong: Hi, Joe.
Joseph O’Dea: First, just wanted to understand gross margin potential. And when you talk about another strong year in 2019 in a 14% to 15% range and you go back to the middle part of last decade in strong market conditions when you’re doing a 15% to 16% range, host of things on the emissions front, obviously, price cost considerations. But just wanted to understand the major kind of structural swings that appear to market a step down in the structural sort of gross margin potential?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, 14% to 15% margins are excellent. There could have been some unusual circumstances 10 years ago, 15 years ago, but I think, we’re in great shape. The cost and the revenue side of trucks these days are much higher given all the emissions add-ons that have occurred over time. So that probably could have some impact on the percentage realization over time, but whether it’s 14% or 15% or 15% to 16%, it’s pretty strong.
Joseph O’Dea: Okay. And then on the share repo front, stepping it up in 2018, but vis-à-vis the cash that’s on the balance sheet, the potential to do something much larger. And I guess, maybe just why not step it up and be a little bit more active on the share repo front?
Harrie Schippers: We just – we feel really good. If you look at our cash over time, it’s plus or minus 15% of our balance sheet and we’re basically setting about that point. And so we’re quite comfortable with where we’re at and continuing to opportunistically buy shares is work for us and we will continue to apply that approach in 2019.
Joseph O’Dea: And then just one on DAF and the share gains in 2018, I think, some nice progress towards the 20% target. When you think about the momentum you have there – the good orders that you have in 4Q, I mean, do you have any kind of sense on sort of hitting that 20% target to the timeline look more in view today than it has over the past couple of years I imagine and just trying to think about that – what you see out there is a reasonable timeline to get there?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. So if you look at 20 years history, we were at 10% 20 years ago and now we’ve progressed to 16.6%. So is 20 in our sights? Absolutely. And a key reason for the success this year was that model year 17 truck that was an excellent investment both from a performance standpoint, a parent standpoint, fit and finish standpoint. So it’s – the truck has just gotten better and better and we’re continuing to make investments for the future. And I think it’s just as we’ve seen in North America, we’ve grown – in that 20-year period, we’ve grown basically 9 share points in North America from 21 to 30. And so, yes, 20 is definitely in our sights.
Joseph O’Dea: Great. Thanks very much.
Ronald Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neil Frohnapple with Buckingham Research. Your line is now open.
Neil Frohnapple: Hi, guys.
Ronald Armstrong: Good morning, Neil.
Neil Frohnapple: Hi, guys, good morning. At the Investor Day, Ron, you guys talked about the potential down the road of expanding further into China. Can you provide any commentary here as the vision changed at all with all the crosscurrents?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. It hasn’t changed. We continue to look for window of opportunity that can provide a return. And that’s the challenge in China is finding the right combination where you can get a reasonable return. Harrie, Preston and I was well travelled there in the last several months. And so we continue to be there, evaluate it and the window will open, but it’s just – it’s an area of future opportunity and we’ll continue to evaluate just there as we do other parts of Asia.
Neil Frohnapple: All right. And then can you provide an outlook for the North American medium duty market. It seems to show more signs of life and exhibit faster growth in 2018. So, yes, just curious on what your thoughts are for that market in 2019?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. The Class 6 and 7 market, which is where we play is roughly 100,000 trucks in 2018. And Peterbilt and Kenworth achieved record deliveries, record market share of 17.5%. So the products that we have are doing great. And just like everything else, we’ll continue to make investments into product enhancements as we go forward. And as time goes on, more and more and more of our dealers get more engaged in that business. And so as we look at 2019, we think 100,000 trucks is probably a pretty reasonable approximation of that market for this year.
Neil Frohnapple: Okay. Thanks, Ron. I’ll pass it on.
Ronald Armstrong: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Adam Uhlman: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
Ronald Armstrong: Good morning.
Adam Uhlman: Yes, I was wondering if you could talk about the MX engine. I think, I heard earlier, Ron you mentioned, adding some more machining capacity. I assume you’re kind of maxed out on production today, but maybe correct me if I’m wrong? And what what type of growth should we expect in that business either in terms of penetration or production rates in 2019? Is that investment comes online?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. So the – we’ll start making those investments in 2019. The – coming online is probably 2020 and we’ll – that’ll be able to support the increased penetration. As we said before, the MX engine basically will support 80% of customer applications and it just takes time to increase that penetration. We could put more in today if we had the capacity. And so that’s why we’re making the additional investments and we’ll continue to see that penetration grow to 50%, 60% over the coming near-term period, I think.
Adam Uhlman: And where did we end in 2018?
Ronald Armstrong: Just over 40 in North America. And, of course, it’s 100% for all the DAF products that get sold in Brazil and Europe. And so, I think overall for PACCAR, it’s about 60% penetration for all of PACCAR.
Adam Uhlman: Gotcha. And then can we switch back to Europe and could you talk about what you’re seeing in used truck pricing there? And then is there any difference between Western Europe or Eastern Europe? Any kind of changes would be helpful? Thank you.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, pricing is pretty steady. Not seeing any appreciation, but just pretty steady. And demand – more of the used trucks tend to go towards Central and Eastern Europe. That’s also a big growth area for DAF for new trucks. DAF is the leader in the Central European markets. And so that’s steady as she goes is how I would think about it, that’s what we saw in 2018, that’s how we’re thinking about 2019 at this point.
Adam Uhlman: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Group with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Robert Salmon: Hey, good morning, good afternoon. It’s Rob Salmon on for Scott.
Ronald Armstrong: Good morning, Rob.
Robert Salmon: Good morning, guys. In the guidance that you provided at the midpoint, it’s implying roughly a little under 10% growth in the R&D budget. Could you talk about how we should be thinking about the R&D as we look out a few years in light of some of the emission standards changes, as well as the investments that you guys are making into some kind of new trucking products? And what’s the flexibility you guys have on that line item, if we do kind of encounter an industry downturn in 2020?
Ronald Armstrong: Well, the flexibility of managing cost structure is a real strength of PACCAR, and we can manage that quite well. But also, we’re making some great investments as we always do in the products for the future. I would say incrementally, we’re going to see – we’re seeing more investments in R&D on the alternative powertrain and software development side. That’s where the intellectual property is being created and we’re making those investments there and we continue to make good strong investments in diesel poweredtrains. We’ve got emissions requirements being enhanced in really all of our markets. And so we continue to invest in those arenas and in the new products of the future that are going to get us to those market share goals that we talked about earlier.
Robert Salmon: Okay. That makes sense. With the record backlog, has that given you any ability to kind of make the pricing, as well as the orders be much more firm throughout kind of 2019, just given that we’re looking at roughly a 12-month delay in terms of when a truck is ordered to when it gets produced today?
Ronald Armstrong: The pricing has been negotiated, agreed, and that’s representative of our market price and the great value that our products bring to our customers. So it’s pretty well set.
Robert Salmon: That makes sense. That’s what we’re hearing from your end customer as well here. So I appreciate the time, guys.
Ronald Armstrong: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joel Tiss with BMO. Your line is now open.
Joel Tiss: Lovely, guys, too much I can’t stay away.
Ronald Armstrong: I appreciate it, Joel.
Joel Tiss: I just wondered if you could talk a little bit about your approach on autonomous. Are you guys going to outsource that whole process, or are you thinking that there – that there’s parts of that, that you’d like to take control of, or just give me a little sense in that regard of how you guys are thinking about that?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. We’re still working through that, Joel. We’ve worked with quite a few companies who are developing autonomous technology. So partnering with them, but we’re also developing our own capabilities. We have our Silicon Valley Innovation Center and we’ve hired a software engineer specifically focusing on develop – developing our own level for capability. And so, we’re very focused on, again, sort of like alternative powertrains, trying to figure out where we want to have the intellectual property and where we want to partner with others on developing that capability.
Joel Tiss: Okay. Thank you. Everything else has been asked already. Thank you.
Ronald Armstrong: Okay. Thanks, Joel.
Operator: There are no other questions in queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Ronald Armstrong: We’d like to thank everyone for joining the call and thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR’s earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-23 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Hastings - Director, IR Ron Armstrong - CEO Harrie Schippers - President and CFO Preston Feight - Executive Vice President Michael Barkley - SVP and Controller
Analysts: Joel Tiss - BMO Capital Markets Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Alex Potter - Piper Jaffray Andy Casey - Wells Fargo Securities Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Steve Volkmann - Jefferies Steven Fisher - UBS Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Courtney Yakavonis - Morgan Stanley David Raso - Evercore ISI Joe Vruwink - Baird Sameer Rathod - Macquarie Joe O'Dea - Vertical Research Jeff Kauffman - Loop Capital Markets Neil Frohnapple - Buckingham Research Faheem Sabeiha - Longbow Research Scott Group - Wolfe Research
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PACCAR's Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded and if anyone has an objection they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings please go ahead.
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We'd like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations and joining me this morning are Ron Armstrong, Chief Executive Officer; Harrie Schippers, President and Chief Financial Officer; Preston Feight, Executive Vice President; and Michael Barkley Senior Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls, we ask that any members of the media on the line participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general, economic, and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. A summary of risks and uncertainties is described in more detail in our periodic reports filed with the SEC. For additional information, please see our SEC filings in the Investor Relations page of paccar.com. I would now like to introduce Ron Armstrong.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning. Harrie Schippers, Preston Feight, and I will update you on our excellent third quarter results. PACCAR's third quarter sales and Financial Services revenues were $5.8 billion and third quarter net income was $545 million, a strong 9.5% after tax return on revenue. Revenues were 14% higher and net income was 35% higher within the third quarter last year. PACCAR's Truck Division's produced a record number of trucks in the third quarter and PACCAR Parts achieved 14% revenue growth compared to the third quarter last year. I am extremely proud of our 28,000 employees who have delivered the world's highest quality Trucks, Parts, and Financial Services to our customers worldwide. PACCAR delivered 47,800 trucks during the third quarter, 3% higher than the second quarter. Increased build rates in North America were partially offset by fewer build days in Europe due to DAF's regular summer shutdown. Truck and Parts' gross margins were 14.1% in the third quarter. Truck pricing was good with price realization comparable to the second quarter at about 3%. Costs were impacted by parts shortages from a small number of North American suppliers, including a few affected by Hurricane, Florence. As a result of these part shortages, we incurred additional material and labor costs. Our Tier 1 suppliers are investing in additional capacity and working closely with Tier 2 suppliers to meet PACCAR factory delivery requirements. We expect this situation to normalize in the near term. Our Peterbilt and Kenworth teams in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico did a fantastic job of managing record third quarter production and achieving the highest operating margins in the industry. In the fourth quarter, we're expecting 4% to 8% higher deliveries compared to the third quarter, primarily due to an increase in the number of production days in Europe and higher daily build rates. Truck and Parts gross margins are estimated to be higher in the fourth quarter at around 14.5%. Preston Feight will now provide an update on DAF, PACCAR Parts, and PACCAR Financial Services.
Preston Feight: Thanks Ron. Our 2018 forecast is for Europe's greater than 16 tonne market to be in the range of 310,000 to 320,000 units, reflecting continued strong demand in growing European economies. We expect 2019 to be another excellent year with the market in the range of 290,000 to 320,000 trucks. The eurozone's GDP growth expectation for this year is 2% with 2019 projected at a similar level. Freight transport activity on German highways is at record levels up 3.5% this year. DAF has had an incredible year in 2018. DAF XF and CF trucks which were honored as international truck of the year 2018 achieved European above 16 tonne market share of 16.6% year-to-date compared to 15.1% in the same period last year. DAF is making great progress towards its goal of 20% share. PACCAR's Parts business generated strong quarterly revenues of $960 million, 14% higher than the same period last year. Parts quarterly pretax income was $189 million, 24% higher than last year. The growing number of PACCAR trucks and engines in operation and consistent investments in parts distribution capacity and customer focus technologies drove these results. We are pleased to have opened our new 160,000 square foot parts distribution center in Toronto this month. We expect part sales to grow an additional 5% to 8% next year. PACCAR Financial Services third quarter pretax income increased 12% to $79 million compared to $71 million a year ago. The portfolio which was a record $14.1 billion this quarter continued to perform well. Kenworth and Peterbilt Class 8 used truck values increased more than 10% compared to the third quarter of last year. Kenworth and Peterbilt truck resale values commanded 10% to 20% premium over competitors' vehicles. PACCAR Parts and PACCAR Financial Services profit contributions are much larger than they were 15 years ago. These businesses are inherently less cyclical than the sale of new trucks and their consistent profitability enhances PACCAR's financial results throughout the business cycle. Harry Schippers will now provide an update on Kenworth and Peterbilt and PACCAR investments.
Harrie Schippers: Thanks, Preston. We have raised our estimate of retail sales for this year's U.S. and Canadian Class 8 truck markets to a range of 280,000 to 290,000 units. In 2019, we expect the U.S. and Canada Class 8 truck markets to expand further to a range of 280,000 to 310,000 vehicles. U.S. economic and freight indicators are very strong with 3% GDP growth and nearly 4% industrial production growth expected this year. Freight tonnage growth has been a robust 7.5% year-to-date. We head into 2019 with great momentum, including the industry's best products and factory visibility that extends into the second half of next year. The record truck orders this year are driven by a strong economy. In the past, the surge in orders was often driven by a pre-buy related to an emissions change. Customers across all segments are experiencing strong demand from growing freight volume, very high fleet utilization and strong pricing. Customers are also benefiting from the industry leading operating efficiency provided by DAF, Peterbilt and Kenworth trucks, as well as superior aftermarket support from PACCAR Parts and PACCAR Financial Services. PACCAR is creating innovative products and technologies for the future. DAF showcased several advanced powertrain vehicles at the IAA truck show last month. The DAF CF Electric, LF Electric and CF hybrid trucks are entering field testing with customers. We look forward to customer demands for electric and hybrid powertrains in certain applications such as refuse, urban delivery and product operations. Longer term, electric vehicles will be competitive in more applications. While we are preparing for the long-term by making investments in alternative powertrain technologies, we do expect diesel to remain the most efficient powertrain technology in heavy truck applications for the foreseeable future. We estimate capital spending of $425 million to $475 million and R&D expenses of $300 million to $310 million this year. In 2019, we are planning for increased capital investment of $525 million to $575 million and increased R&D expenses of $300 million to $330 million. These investments will develop the next generation of Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF trucks and enhance PACCAR's diesel and alternative powertrain technologies and add additional capacity and efficiency to the company's manufacturing and parts distribution facilities. During the third quarter, we repurchased $59 million of PACCAR stock, with $241 million remaining of the $300 million authorization approved by the PACCAR board in July. Thank you. We'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Joel Tiss with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Joel Tiss: While, I am little shocked here, I usually don't even get on. How are you?
Ron Armstrong: We love you.
Joel Tiss: Yeah. So can you just explain maybe philosophically the gap between very strong truck shipments and the driver shortages? And is that kind of setting up cancellations in the future or how are all these fleets absorbing all these new trucks?
Ron Armstrong: I think they're - the number of trucks is it's not at sort of historical peak levels, but it's strong and they're getting the increased operating efficiencies. And we've seen, you know, there's additional demand, we've seen more used trucks also being sold and the utilization of the fleets now are at record levels. So they really show no issues of being able to absorb the trucks, and I think what we hear is that there would be even more trucks purchased if there were drivers to put in the seats.
Joel Tiss: And then can you like help us maybe look forward a little bit and there's some new emission standards coming and then there's a particle emission standard coming in 2023. Is there enough sort of advancements and changes that are likely to come, say over the next five years to kind of keep the run rate of truck demand at a higher level or do you think the normal cyclicality that we see especially in North America is going to be more the way that the next five years look?
Ron Armstrong: I think the capability of engines for the last couple of iterations has been to improve fuel efficiency which translates into lower total operating costs for our customers and that won't change. As we look forward, we have greenhouse gas reductions in 2021, 2024 and 2027 in North America. Europe is close to proposing some limitations beginning in 2025 and 2030. So, we're going to continue to innovate and improve the efficiency of the diesel engines for the foreseeable future. In addition, obviously we're working on alternative powertrains and those will be attractive for certain applications, which I think Harrie mentioned those in his comments that, applications like refuse ports et cetera there could be a reasonable business case for those particular applications.
Joel Tiss: And then, sorry just last one. So do you think that those forces are strong enough to be able to change the shape of the historic cycle or it's not a fair question?
Ron Armstrong: Well, it's -– I think in the past cycles, we're very much focused on sued and NOx emissions with no benefits for our customers. So future cycles or future emissions legislates are greenhouse gas reduction. So there will be cost increases for new technology to be added, but it brings a benefit for our customers to enjoy.
Joel Tiss: Okay. All right. Thank you very much.
Ron Armstrong: Thanks, Joel.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi. Good morning, good afternoon.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning, Jerry.
Jerry Revich: Can you folks talk about where the supply base stands today in terms of catching up with the really robust order cycle we've had and at which point, do you expect industry lead times to try to stabilize and maybe start to come down towards your historical target 10 to 12-week lead times?
Ron Armstrong: I think from my perspective the supply base is making progress. As I mentioned, they're making some investments working with all levels of the supply base Tier 1, Tier 2. The Hurricane Florence we have a couple of suppliers who are located in the Carolinas. And unfortunately, due to the time they had to take the shut down and some of the impacts of floods et cetera that had an impact. And so we're working through each one of those and we are as I said we expect in the near-term we'll work through those. I had a discussion with one of our suppliers yesterday. A good discussion, good healthy discussion and so everybody's got the same interest at heart. So we'll work probably during this quarter.
Jerry Revich: And so from a margin standpoint you folks had margin in the high 14% range at the gross margin line and the first half of 2018. Once you work through those supply chain issues, can you get back towards that level of gross margin performance that we saw in the first half of this year before the supply chain issue started to play out?
Ron Armstrong: I think with certainly that the possibility is there Jerry.
Jerry Revich: Okay. And then your retail market share is up significantly in Europe. Can you just give us a sense for where your orders market share is tracking, is that retail momentum set to continue based on how the orders look heading into the fourth quarter?
Ron Armstrong: We don't get quarter market data. We only know what we have done. The DAF quarter percentage has been strong this year with the year-over-year increases. And so we had ended next year with a good solid backlog and expect to be able to continue at our current pace for the - at least for the near term.
Jerry Revich: And lastly can you talk about how - if a significant know input supply basis from China for your sourcing strategy. And whether we should expect a pickup in inflation in early 2019 as the tariffs move to 25% from 10%?
Ron Armstrong: Yeah, our team has done a good job of evaluating the impacts of tariffs and other trade arrangements. And I would tell you that the effect is hundreds of dollars per truck. And so it's not a major item, but it's something obviously that just like other cost increases that where we manage that into our costing and pricing projections and work with that with our customers on future deliveries.
Jerry Revich: Okay. I appreciate the discussion. Thank you.
Ron Armstrong: Absolutely.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Duignan with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ann Duignan: Hi, good morning.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning.
Ann Duignan: I have to dig in, find a few questions remaining. Can you talk a little bit about - we had heard during the quarter that a lot of dealers were ordering for inventory because lead times were extending, not necessarily PACCAR's dealers, although one of them was a PACCAR's, but Kenworth dealer. Can you talk a little more about where your dealer inventories are versus maybe historical norm and is there and risk that they are ordering to inventory and that could cause significant downturn when the market rolls over?
Ron Armstrong: We're really in good shape dealer inventory wise. I think we comment historically that if we're in the 60 day range in terms of inventory plus or minus and that's right where we were at in North America, as well as in Europe. So, the dealer inventories are in excellent shape as we sit here today.
Ann Duignan: Okay. That's good to hear. I appreciate that. And then specifically on the margin, gross margin for Q4, I know once you get all these supply chain issues resolved, the probability is that as long as volumes are, gross margins will go back to the 14.5% to 15%. But specifically for Q4, should we anticipate that supply chain issues will still weigh on gross margins? Thank you.
Ron Armstrong: Yeah. At this point, we think something around 14.5% is probably a reasonable expectation for the fourth quarter.
Ann Duignan: Okay. I'll leave it there. And get back in queue. Thank you.
Ron Armstrong: Okay. Thanks, Ann.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Potter with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Alex Potter: Hi, guys. Thanks. I was wondering if you could comment, there has been a couple of announcements recently I'm sure you're aware of FDR, catalyst and things of this nature degrading over time. Just wanted to see what your confidence is that there won't be any charges coming from PACCAR projecting similar issues?
Ron Armstrong: Yeah, we're not aware of a similar deterioration effect in our after treatment. But that's on - subject to ongoing testing and there's no assurance, but at this point, we're - we feel good about our approach and our - the chemistry that we've used in our after treatment system.
Alex Potter: Okay. It's good to hear. Tax rate was a bit lower in the quarter, I was just wondering if you should provide any guidance regarding what we should be modeling for the next quarter and year I guess?
Ron Armstrong: I think Michael can address that.
Michael Barkley: Yes. We have a couple of positive one-time items in the quarter that we don't expect to repeat. So you should expect a range of 22% to 23% going forward.
Alex Potter: Okay. That's very helpful. And then last one, I guess, if you could just comment on you mentioned that the portfolio is still doing very well with the FinCo used vehicle pricing is doing okay. It looks like if you could just provide maybe first of all over the next year we've got a changing interest rate environment any commentary you might give around those likely performance of that segment would be helpful?
Michael Barkley: Yeah. As long as the freight demand is there and we're at record levels of freight activity in both North America and Europe that obviously provides a great opportunity for our customers to earn a profit. And we're seeing the past dues continue to be at about 50 basis points really historical low levels. So, there's nothing that we see in the near term that is going to impact the performance of the portfolio. We've - our teams continue to exercise very prudent credit underwriting and taking advantage of data analytics tools to continue to enhance the capability on the way forward.
Alex Potter: Okay. Very good. Thanks, guys.
Michael Barkley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Seth Weber with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Thanks. This is Brandon on first Seth. Just going back to your dealer inventories, are you doing anything extra vetting or anything like that to discourage any double ordering there?
Ron Armstrong: No. We monitor the level of order intake for customer orders or stock orders, and so our divisions are very adept at sort of managing that and ensuring that what we have in the backlog is buildable [ph] to the best extent that we can.
Harrie Schippers: Any other thing we're doing is we're making sure that the customers are putting deposits down on vehicles so we understand the relationship to the customers well enough to know when is a serious order or not a serious order. So we're carefully managing the firmness of the backlog.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And I apologize if I've missed this, but could you give a color on your outlook for the Brazilian market and what's happening with your market share there?
Ron Armstrong: Yeah. The market share continues to tick up. We've progressively increased build rates throughout this year. We have one more increase coming in the month of December. And so we're going to deliver about 2300 trucks this year and that the build rate that we'll in end this year, there's no reason at this point to say that that won't progress. We'll probably deliver over 3000 trucks next year and so from a market perspective Ken you have some.
Ken Hastings: Yes. Yeah, I do. So for 2018 the above 16-tonne truck market we expect to be 45,000 to 55,000 vehicles and next year we're expecting 60,000 to 70,000 vehicles.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andy Casey with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Andy Casey: Thanks a lot. Good morning out there.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning, Andy
Andy Casey: Just wanted to take your temperature there, the really strong order intake that we've seen, how far into 2019 are your lead times, we're hearing some of the products are quite extended. And if we assume supply chain normalization occurs, how quickly do you think some of those lead times can be reduced?
Ron Armstrong: The backlog is extended. It's longer than it has been for some time. And as we always do we work closely with our suppliers to manage their capabilities, our capabilities, so that we get the right support of our customers and we can meet their delivery needs. So it's the clarity of sort of how that progresses is a little bit fuzzy at this point, but I suspect supply base will continue to improve its capability to deliver in the coming months for sure.
Andy Casey: Okay. Thanks, Ron. And I think it may have been Preston talking about deposits for orders to manage the firmness of the backlog. Is that something PACCAR has done in the past?
Ron Armstrong: Yeah. We do some of that and then we also - there's a cancellation policy that we put into effect that cancellation fee that is there to require that orders are buildable and more firm.
Andy Casey: Okay. Thanks. And then just on pricing first on Truck and then on Parts. Are the orders given that you've taken deposits and you have that cancellation fee, are the orders in backlog price protected or for some of these orders that are way out can you actually increase prices?
Ron Armstrong: We typically - we've got a commitment at a price. We've factored in our best estimate of what we think future costs are going to look like when we deliver those trucks. And so we have a pretty good feel about what we think the realization will be when we deliver those trucks.
Harrie Schippers: And we have a price again in place for the first half of next year for North America. And like we said the backlog is already extending into the second half of next year. So with the pricing, cancellation fees, we feel clearly confident that dealers will only put in those orders that they really need.
Andy Casey: Okay. Thank you, Harrie. And then skipping over to Parts. I mean, the tariff impact if it's going to impact anything, maybe it's there, but should we think about any increases that you may see within the Parts' portfolio? Should we expect that just to be offset by pricing? And if so, how much of the - I believe I heard 5% to 8% growth in 2019 is unit volume.
Ron Armstrong: Yes. I'd say most of that is unit volume growth and our teams look very closely at the components that are affected by tariffs and manage that. Our expectation is generally that will be passed on to the market.
Andy Casey: Okay. Thank you very much.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Jamie Cook: Hi. Good morning. I guess a couple of questions. One, obviously the market is very concerned that truck is peaking, the stocks are pricing that in and then you made a comment earlier people probably under appreciate your Parts contribution et cetera. So is there any way you can help us frame if you're thinking about sort of potentially the next downturn in earnings? What are the factors that would allow PACCAR to contribute - I'm sorry to earn-up higher trough relative to where we were? And how do you think about share repurchase in that context, just given where your stock is today versus your view on the market?
Ron Armstrong: Yes. I think our factories we continue to make investments in our facilities to improve efficiency. You've been to our factories. You know the efficiency that we have in our factories and we continue to try and move the needle to manage our costs - the lowest cost manufacturer during all phases of the cycle. So that doesn't change and we'll continue to make those investments. Obviously the lower tax rate has a significant incremental effect on earnings versus a 31% rate historically versus a 22% to 23% rate. Currently that changes a little bit depending on where the earnings come from, but that's a significant enhancement from what we've seen historically. Parts and finance are making sizable contributions to the profitability of our operations. So we excel during the cycles and we will continue to excel. We can manage our cost structure better than anybody in the industry.
Jamie Cook: Okay. And then just when you talk about - I know you have fairly good visibility extending into beyond the second half of 2019 or whatever. I mean, is that fairly broad based small versus large fleets or occasional? Can you just talk about if it's broad-based or specific to sort of one type of customer?
Ron Armstrong: Yes, it is broad based. I mean, obviously the fleets are probably better at getting their orders in earlier and there's probably some smaller guys that will come. And so - but our teams are closely matching backlog to make sure that we meet the needs of all of our customers from small to - sort of smallest to the biggest.
Jamie Cook: Okay. Thank you. I'll get back in queue.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Volkmann from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Steve Volkmann: Hi, good morning, guys.
Ron Armstrong: Hi, Steve.
Steve Volkmann: Most of my questions have been answered. But I wonder if you have a sense of the supplier issue that you saw in the quarter. Any broad sense of what that might have impacted your gross margin?
Ron Armstrong: You know, it's one of those deals that it's really tough to - some things you can quantify specifically others are a little bit vague. But I have a guess probably 50 basis points would be the effect on the overall margin for the third quarter. And so yes, it was significant. Our teams did a great job sort of managing the schedule and managing the offline flow in our factories, and we're still managing through that, but I think we're seeing our way through the end of the tunnel.
Steve Volkmann: Okay, super. And then as we look out into 2019 and even though maybe people are starting to think about what the downturn would look like, it seems like the 2019 outlook is actually up a bit. And I'm curious how you think we should think about profitability. Can you grow gross margin with a little more volume and maybe a little last supplier issues and so forth or should we think more in the sense of gross margin being kind of flat and then you'll lever on SG&A?
Ron Armstrong: I think all those things are possible and so as we think about next year something probably in the 14% to 15% range for overall total gross margin is sort of where our heads are at currently.
Steve Volkmann: Okay. Thank you.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Fisher with UBS. Your line is open.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Good afternoon.
Ron Armstrong: Good afternoon.
Steven Fisher: Just a couple of questions on Europe. Can you give us a little more color on the European region? Curious what your order trends are looking like, if we segment the Europe into Eastern Europe, Continental Western and then U.K.?
Ron Armstrong: Sure. Just talking about Europe for a second the 16.6% share is again a record. Where we're seeing growth is pretty uniform. We're seeing growth throughout we've - with a couple of points we'd become the leading import brand in Germany which is roughly 20% of the European markets so that's nice accomplishment by the team in Europe. We're also seeing Eastern Europe grow as even more important part of the sector and DAF is very strong there. We're a market leader in several countries in Eastern Europe with growing share year-over-year sometimes 2% to 3% and 4%. So as the total of Europe evolves and matures DAF is really well positioned for strong growth in the future.
Steven Fisher: And U.K. if you could comment on that?
Ron Armstrong: Well, the U.K. we're the market leader in the U.K. We'll continue to be the market leader. Obviously, there's some dynamics in U.K. with the general economy, but we continue to be strong in the U.K. as well, which is down as a percentage of the total market.
Steven Fisher: Okay. And then related to Brexit, how much of your European production would you say is in the U.K. maybe on a year-to-date basis? And how much is exported to Continental Europe? And if we ended up with a hard break scenario what would you do to manage that? Would you consider relocating any production?
Ron Armstrong: We have great flexibility. It's one of our real strengths. So we're able to produce a full range of products that we make in our factory in U.K. at Leyland which is something that was a unique advantage for us. So we can make those medium duties as well as all the heavy duties in the U.K. So we're well positioned for any kind of scenarios that would happen hard or soft. And then, we have great obviously manufacturing capacities in our main plants at Eindhoven. So we're watching what's happening there, but we feel very well positioned.
Harrie Schippers: Yeah. When I was over there several weeks ago at Preston I met with the team and really had a good discussion about of what the range of outcomes could be. And so we are prepared to manage that whatever the outcome might be.
Steven Fisher: Okay. I'll follow up there. And then just one last clarification on the emissions degradation, are you guys using the same suppliers that your European peer is that announced their issues?
Harrie Schippers: No, no.
Steven Fisher: Okay. Thank you.
Harrie Schippers: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Gilardi with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Ross Gilardi: Good morning. Hey, guys.
Ron Armstrong: Hey, Ross.
Ross Gilardi: Hey, Ron. Just had kind of a philosophical question I mean, most of my questions have been answered but to me PACCAR has been an outstanding stock over the long-term but in the last five years you've got earnings double and you continue to establish all sorts of internal records. You've got an extremely robust cycle right now and the stock is essentially flat even if we ignored today's move. So what is the market missing about PACCAR? And does the stock performance influence how you look at the business or your strategy? And more importantly, how do you drive value on the stock from here?
Ron Armstrong: Well, I think we just continue to - we're record truck deliveries record; truck revenues record, product revenues record, financial services portfolio our focus is to continue to grow the company and grow the earnings over the long-term and that will pay-off eventually. You probably know more about why today is what it is in the market. It doesn't make any sense to us but we're going to continue to focus on what we do, how we do it, and execute better than anybody in the industry.
Ross Gilardi: Got it. Okay. Thank you. And just curious anything in your North American business? I mean you never seen the oil service companies talk about at least a temporary slowdown in the Permian. Are you seeing any slowdown at your Gulf Coast dealers at all due to what's going on down there? Any granularity in order trends in that region?
Ron Armstrong: Ross we've not seen anything like that. I mean again oil affects a small percentage of our total truck production and overall business. So, it's not something that we monitor that closely, but I think the Peterbilt and Kenworth trucks, we have great customers in the oilfield and we're continuing to see steady - pretty steady demand I think from those customers. So not much impact. Oil prices have rebounded nicely and so I think that bodes well for the mid-term for that segment and it also has a nice benefit for our Winch business.
Ross Gilardi: Got it. Thanks, Ron.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Courtney Yakavonis with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Courtney Yakavonis: Thanks, guys. Just curious - obviously, you're working through some of these part shortages currently. But if we think about your guidance for next year or the industry guidance for North America, your truck retail sales kind of coming in at the high end. What are the other bottlenecks we need to be thinking about in terms of getting your build rates higher to meet that increased level in demand that we could potentially see next year?
Ron Armstrong: I think right now suppliers are the pacing item. And we're - again, we are working closely on additional investments and that is the item that will make the difference for us.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay. And just to make sure that I fully understand the view is that is a near-term issue that will be fixed by the end of the fourth quarter?
Ron Armstrong: Yes. That's our goal for sure. And our supplier - we have great suppliers and again, some were dealt some pretty difficult hands with a hurricane affecting their operations and so that's - again, it's all temporary and it can be worked through.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay. Great. Thanks. And then also just thinking about the pricing environment heading into next year. I think I believe you said this quarter it was pretty similar to last quarter. Can you just give us any sense of, kind of, how you guys are thinking about the pricing environment?
Ron Armstrong: I would say steady. A lot of orders taken and negotiated with many of our customers. And so I think we feel good about the direction of pricing. It's very reasonable for the current market circumstances so.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Raso with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Raso: Hi. Thank you. Just quick question really more for my modeling. I'm trying to understand why the deliveries were up 19%, but the Truck revenues were only up 14.5%? It's been a little while since the Truck revenues were below the deliveries. So, first of all I would say, well, maybe it's the mix geographically, but really your best growth rates were in some of the higher price point trucks, right North America, Europe. Is there something within the mix of the size of the trucks, type of trucks that went out that would have the deliveries up that much more than the revenue growth you booked?
Ron Armstrong: Yes, Michael has some thoughts that he could share on that.
Michael Barkley: Right. You'll probably notice that in Europe our deliveries were up 14%, 15% and truck revenues were down and that's mostly due to we had more truck sales that were deferred because they were associated with guaranteed residual value contracts, which resulted in us deferring the sales revenues over the term of the residual value guarantee, and so that just worked out this quarter to be in effect that was noticeable.
David Raso: And what's the reason why it was greater? And maybe if you could help us frame it for us a little bit how much greater than normal the percentage of trucks that went out in Europe with the deferred?
Michael Barkley: Yeah, I think typically David that just really a function of the particular customers that you're doing business with at any particular quarter. Preston, do you have anything?
Preston Feight: Yeah, I would just say it's timing. And we've grown in the large fleets. We talked earlier in the call about fleet growth Eastern Europe and DAF is doing a good job of making penetrations and some of those large fleets come with JRVs, but largely it's timing.
David Raso: Okay. So yeah, even when we're in Germany, like the idea of your market share are higher in some of the Eastern European countries, some of the bigger logistics truck companies or the ones getting share out of that region. That this is reflective of that essentially?
Preston Feight: Yes.
Preston Feight: I think you're starting to see that the DAF trucks in Europe they have the best fuel economy, the lowest operating cost and that's having the biggest fleets taking a really good at us and we're winning share there.
David Raso: And one of the element currency and I apologize I jumped on late, have you given the exact currency impact for the quarter?
Preston Feight: Yeah. The currency impact for the quarter with respect to revenues is about $50 million or so of reduction of revenues due to currency movements. The dollar was strong during the quarter compared to last year and impact on income this quarter was pretty minimal.
David Raso: And that was 50 or 15?
Preston Feight: 50.
David Raso: 50. Okay. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Preston Feight: You bet. Thanks, David.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Leiker with Baird. Your line is open.
Joe Vruwink: Hi. This is Joe Vruwink for David.
Ron Armstrong: Hi, Joe.
Joe Vruwink: Just one question for me. Everything on the call sounded really positive and the industry is doing well. So what if anything, are you worried about as you look into 2019?
Ron Armstrong: Yeah, the backlogs and the business conditions are very good. So we feel really good about, like I said we're at record levels in all of our segments and our focus is to continue to grow, take advantage of the current market opportunities. So I'd say there's not any major concerns on our horizon.
Preston Feight: Trucks are performing great. And all our customers are very happy with the trucks that they are buying, pretty good position to be in.
Joe Vruwink: When you - maybe I'll throw one idea out there, when you look at pricing trends and the spot market and how that ultimately flows into your customers' core rates, there's definitely been some moderation there so, when you think about orders that have been in place Q3, Q4 of this year and you think about your customers pricing maybe moderating from the high levels it's been at, does that give you a cause for concern? Or if there's any headwind from that dynamic maybe it's more of a late 2019 phenomenon ultimately?
Ron Armstrong: So, yeah, the Financial Services portfolio has been at less than 1% past dues for about six consecutive years. And that was during periods of really strong freight markets down to maybe not so strong freight markets. So I don't see that the customer's ability to meet their obligations is going to be significantly affected by some moderate reduction in pricing in the freight market. It's just been extraordinarily good in the last six months. And so I don't see that being a factor in our customer's decisions to buy trucks or being able to meet their commitment.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sameer Rathod with Macquarie. Your line is open.
Sameer Rathod: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Just one quick question on wage and wage pressure. Are you guys seeing any lack of availability in terms of hiring people versus any increases in wages that you have to pay in the tight market? Thank you.
Ron Armstrong: We just have - we have great facilities. We have great reputations in the communities in which our factories and warehouses are located. We probably have some of the longest tenured employees in the industry that work in our operations. And so, when we have a need for employees, we'll probably get 10 apps for every job that we post. So we're viewed as a premium employer in the markets that we're in. And so we're able to find the people we need to do our staffing. That being said there are some pockets where that's part of the suppliers' challenge is getting employees in some of the areas in which they are in and so again they're working through that to try and solve those challenges.
Sameer Rathod: Thank you.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe O'Dea with Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Joe O'Dea: Hi, thanks. Good morning.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning.
Joe O'Dea: First just talking about gross margins next year in the 14% to 15% range and kind of in line with where you are this year and then thinking about what looks like a setup for some tailwinds on price, supply chain issues, abating mix that looks like if anything it's a bit of a benefit on stronger North America. And so what's some of the kind of offsets to that might be such that we don't see year-over-year margin expansion?
Ron Armstrong: If all those things you said occur there's no offset. But it's a dynamic world and you got to manage the best you can with circumstances and that's what we do every day.
Joe O'Dea: Okay. I appreciate it. And then just on the cash side of things ending the quarter with $3.8 billion of cash and marketable securities and trying to think about deployment options and just any context around how much cash you feel you need to have on the balance sheet for the credit rating and for other operational uses? And whether you think about stepping above the typical payout range target or whether you think about other deployment options just given we continue to see the cash balance move higher and presumably it's set to go even higher next year.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, we think about all those things. But if you look at historically about our cash balance, if you go back 10 years, it's in the mid- to high teens as a percent of our total assets and that's where it sits currently. But it's an ongoing discussion and review with the board about payouts and buybacks et cetera and that will continue.
Joe O'Dea: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Kauffman with Loop Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jeff Kauffman: Thank you very much. I guess a new guy gets back in the pack here. I got to be honest - thank you very much. My questions have really been answered and David Raso I think asked a big question I had on mix so let me just dive a little deeper into it. I understand what you're saying about the residual value contracts in Europe. I was a little surprised that the impact was as big as it was. So if I look at your forecast fourth quarter 4% to 8% deliveries, I assume you're still getting 3% price and facing kind of 1% currency headwind. Do these residual value guarantees is it more related to just traded a particular cohorts of trucks and with lower residuals during 3Q? Is it more that we're just trying to clear some inventory out of market? When I think about revenues relative to deliveries because as David said that was kind of the part that surprised me was the difference here. Should I be thinking about kind of more 1:1 ratio as we head into 4Q or do these residual value deals continue to drag a little bit more heavily for the next quarter or two?
Ron Armstrong: I don't think we have the visibility to necessarily what the specifics of that but I think fourth quarter revenue I think thinking about it on a 1:1 basis is probably the way to think about it.
Jeff Kauffman: Okay. Fair enough. Well congratulations and thank you.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you, Jeff.
Operator: Your next question comes from Neil Frohnapple with Buckingham Research. Your line is open.
Neil Frohnapple: Hi thanks. One more follow-up on the gross margin performance in 3Q, Ron you indicated 3% new truck price realization in the quarter but can you say if this more than offset higher average per truck material and labor cost? I know we typically have to wait for the 10-Q to get those specific numbers, but can you at least say whether the relationship was still positive in the third quarter?
Ron Armstrong: It was roughly offset. I mean when you see the 10-Q as we've drafted it now it looks like it's pretty much an offset for material and labor.
Neil Frohnapple: Okay. Thanks. And then Ron just going back to the heavy-duty share gains in Europe due in part to the new product introductions, I believe you said that heavy duty orders were up 26% in the first half of the year. Are you able to say what DAF's order rate - order growth rate was in the third quarter?
Ron Armstrong: I don't have that detail handy here. But let's see if it's something we can grab. So if you compare the third quarter this year to the third quarter last year total European orders are at 4% for the quarter in Europe and 17% year-to-date.
Neil Frohnapple: Great. Thanks a lot. I'll pass it on.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Faheem Sabeiha with Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Faheem Sabeiha: Hi, good morning. I was wondering if you guys can provide a little more color around the Parts outlook for next year, just wondering how much of that growth is expected to come from freight activity versus higher engine sales and higher TRP part sales?
Ron Armstrong: I think it comes from a lot of different avenues. We continue to increase the level of EMX engines in the truck park on an ongoing basis. I think we're - since we started production I think we're at about 200000 and so with engine production next year that probably goes up another 15% or 20%. The engines are getting - the engines that we produced three or four, five, six, seven years ago are getting more into their maintenance period and so that's going to be a positive effect. So I think engine parts has been and probably will continue to be the highest percentage growth driver for PACCAR Parts. But then you look at the increased level of TRP stores, the fleet services initiatives that our team is championing the e-commerce initiatives to really make it easier to interface with PACCAR Parts the team has done a great job and really superb performance this year.
Faheem Sabeiha: Sounds good. And then with regard to the gross margin outlook for next year, what does that assume as the parts margin are you guys expecting the parts margin to be relatively flat versus 2018? Or are you expecting continued growth there?
Ron Armstrong: No, I think that 27%, 27.5% range is probably a reasonable way to think about it.
Faheem Sabeiha: Okay. Thank you.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Rob Salmon: Hey. Good morning, guys. It's Rob on for Scott.
Ron Armstrong: Hey, Rob.
Rob Salmon: Looking out to next year with regard to kind of the gross margins are you expecting any sort of drag in the first half associated with the hundreds of dollars of impact that you called out on the tariffs? Or should we be thinking about kind of price like this quarter offsetting any sort of that cost inflation?
Ron Armstrong: I think we should think about it better offsetting.
Rob Salmon: All right. That's helpful. And then, I think I had missed it if you can provide some color in terms of the used truck pricing trends that you guys are seeing from your models. I know you're continuing to generate a premium to the overall market, but can you give a sense of what you guys saw from that used price realization?
Ron Armstrong: Yeah. I think if you compare the third quarter this year to a year ago, it's up about 10% overall. So it's been good. And we see that in the results in our Financial Services business in North America. In Europe, pricing is a little bit flat compared to where it was a year ago.
Rob Salmon: Got it. Helpful. Final one, in terms of the mix was the revenue per unit in U.S. and Canada how much was that down year-over-year? And I realized that the price realization is up 3%, but I'm assuming there's some mix within that segment as well. Am I thinking about that right for the third quarter?
Ron Armstrong: Yeah. I don't think there's any dramatic puts and takes in terms of price per unit. I mean, it gets impacted a little bit by the mix of medium versus heavy-duty. But again, I don't think there's anything there that's different than what we would normally expect.
Rob Salmon: Okay. Really helpful, guys. Appreciate the time.
Ron Armstrong: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Duignan with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ann Duignan: Yeah. Hi, guys. I just had a follow-up as soon as we just came back from IAA a couple of weeks ago whenever it was. One of the things that I find most interesting was walking IVECO's exhibit and all the signage they had around their booth for no diesel, no diesel, no diesel. Can you just talk about your outlook longer-term for the growth of electric vehicles in Europe in particular just given the 2025 regulations that are going to come in place? And do you think that in Europe specifically the law would be the need for diesel also?
Ron Armstrong: I think in the economics of diesel just makes sense and they're going to continue to make sense for a long time. So it's going to be the dominant power source for long-haul trucking certainly. There's obviously going to be opportunities that will develop in urban areas that may bring about hybrids or electric vehicles and so we're prepared for those. You obviously saw at the IAA Show and drove our CF Electric. We have a full suite of vehicles in terms of all-electric, heavy, light-duty, and we do that both in North America and Europe. So, we're well-prepared for the places where it makes sense. We think there will be local geographies more than they will generally widespread displacement of diesel for the foreseeable future.
Harrie Schippers: Yes. I think there's a growing sentiment that maybe the diesel with a zero emission hybrid capability may be the best economic solution for those inner-city applications where you need that zero emission requirement as opposed to a full electric option, which - it's just the batteries and the weight are still present and absent a break through that - to the economic case is a bit challenging.
Ron Armstrong: Yes. Maybe misinterpreted if that was the intent, but maybe it is more there approach to meeting these new non-diesel catchments as opposed to there won't be any diesel trucks left. So, I appreciate your color on that. That's helpful. Thank you.
Ron Armstrong: Sure. Yes, thank you.
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Ron Armstrong: We'd like to thank everyone for their participation and thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-24 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Hastings - Director, IR Ron Armstrong - CEO Harrie Schippers - President and CFO Michael Barkley - SVP and Controller
Analysts: Steve Volkmann - Jefferies Steven Fisher - UBS Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Alex Potter - Piper Jaffray Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Joel Tiss - BMO Capital Markets Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Andy Casey - Wells Fargo Securities Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Courtney Yakavonis - Morgan Stanley David Raso - Evercore ISI Sameer Rathod - Macquarie Joe O'Dea - Vertical Research Mike Shlisky - Seaport Global Neel Frohnapple - Buckingham Research Rob Wertheimer - Melius Research Mike Baudendistel - Stifel Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Rob Salmon - Wolfe Research
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR’s Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today’s call is being recorded, and if anyone has an objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR’s Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR’s Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Ron Armstrong, Chief Executive Officer; Harrie Schippers, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Barkley, Senior Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls, we ask that any members of the media on the line participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general, economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Ron Armstrong.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning. I first want to thank the investors and analysts who participated in our investor conference in Eindhoven in May, the DAF employees and the PACCAR team were proud to share DAF's world-class facilities and innovative products and services. PACCAR's pleased to report outstanding financial results for the second quarter of 2018. PACCAR achieved record quarterly sales and Financial Services revenues of 5.81 billion and strong net income of $560 million a 9.6 after-tax return on revenue. Revenues were 23% higher and net income was 50% higher compared to the second quarter last year. PACCAR Parts generated record revenues and record pretax profits of $195 million, its sixth consecutive record profit quarter. PACCAR achieved excellent truck parts and other gross margins of 15%, driven by industry leading products and services, robust global truck and aftermarket parts demand and strong operational performance. I am extremely proud of our 27,000 employees who have delivered industry-leading products and services to our customers worldwide. PACCAR delivered a record 46,400 trucks during the second quarter 5% more than the first quarter this year. U.S. and Canada Class 8 industry truck orders and finals -- in the first six months of 2018 were more than double the orders in the first half of last year. DAF achieved record market share of 16.5% year to date this year. DAF's above 16 ton orders were 26% higher in the first half of 2018 compared to the same period last year. PACCAR's forecast for the European above 16 ton market is a range of 300,000 to 320,000 units reflecting strong freight and truck demand and a good economic outlook. We expect to deliver slightly more trucks in the third quarter this year compared to the second quarter. Deliveries will be higher in North America, partially offset by fewer bill days in Europe due to the normal summer shutdown. Second-half gross margins for truck parts and other will be similar to the first half. The U.S. economy's growth is driving record freight tonnage. Customers are operating at high utilization levels and are expanding their fleets. We estimate the U.S. and Canadian Class 8 truck industry retail sales to be in a range of 265,000 to 285,000 vehicles this year. PACCAR Parts quarterly pretax income of 195 million was 29% higher than a year ago. Pretax return on revenue was an excellent 20.1%. PACCAR Parts business generated record quarterly revenues of $968 million, 18% higher than in the same quarter of last year. These results were driven by the growing number of PACCAR trucks and engines in operation. PACCAR’s investment in distribution centers and the many innovative products and services offered by PACCAR Parts and our dealers. For the year, we expect parts sales to increase by 13% to 15%. PACCAR Financial Services, second quarter pre-tax income was $72 million, 16% higher than second quarter last year. The PACCAR financial portfolio performed very well. Used truck industry demand in the U.S. has increased, boosting used truck prices by 5% to 10% compared to last year. PACCAR strong balance sheet and positive cash flow have enabled the company to invest $3 billion in new products and facilities in the last five years. This year, capital expenditures of $425 million to $475 million and research and development expenses of $300 million to $320 million are targeted for new truck models, integrated powertrains including electric, hybrid and hydrogen fuel cell technologies and new product technologies for advanced driver assistance systems and truck connectivity. At our investor event in May, we were pleased to have the DAF CF Electric and Hybrid trucks available for the attendees to drive. In May, PACCAR's Board of Directors increased PACCAR's regular quarterly dividend by 12% and $0.28 per share and earlier this month, authorized an additional 300 million share repurchase program. PACCAR is realizing the benefits of strong truck markets worldwide and is delivering the highest quality products and services in the industry. Thank you. And I’d be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Steve Volkmann with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Steve Volkmann: So I guess I’m trying to get a sense of Ron you talked a little bit about how used truck pricing is up 5% to 10%. Can you give us a sense of what you're seeing in new truck pricing? And then related to that, how far out now are you sort of quoting deliveries? I’m trying to get a sense of how stretched out the backlog is, and how much impact that might be having on your ability to get some price?
Ron Armstrong: Yes, new truck pricing is up a bit and that seemed commodity costs move up a bit during the course of the year. And our pricing, our sales prices have moved up to offset that and earn a little bit of additional margin. And on the backlog, backlog is strong. We are taking fair number of orders for 2019 build at this point. So, the backlogs are really solid, really almost in all of our markets.
Steve Volkmann: And then I guess in Europe specifically, I think you said DAF orders up 26% in the first half and obviously the market growth rate is nowhere near that high in terms of your forecast. So, it looks like this maybe you and DAF really gains quite a bit of market share. Or do you think there's some reason that DAF's order rates may fade in the second half?
Ron Armstrong: We're at 16.5% year-to-date, and Harrie what was the number for last year for DAF?
Harrie Schippers: 15.3.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, 15.3. So, almost a share point gain based on first half results. So, DAF had great product introductions in the second half of last year with the new CF, XF and LF -- CF XF won international truck of the year. The feedback in the trade press and from customers has just been outstanding. And so, that's well recognized and that is really that what's driving DAF's excellent performance for the six months this year.
Steve Volkmann: And then just the quick follow-up and I'll let it go is that obviously the markets are concerned about things peaking and sometimes I guess good is bad or something like that. But I'm just curious if you have any opinion as to sort of what the lengths of this cycle might look like? And where do you feel like current conditions are sort of peaky and kind of as good as it gets?
Ron Armstrong: So, I think as we mentioned in our press release, we feel very good about 2019 based on the demand that's in there for our excellent products. Parts business is great. Financial Services has got great new business volume. So, we see no signs of abatement in terms of second half and heading into 2019.
Harrie Schippers: And Steve, I would like to add that if you look at the current market dynamics little bit the amount is driven by strong freight, strong economy, excellent fuel economy, and some of the prior cycles in 2007, 2010 and 2013, the demand was driven by prebuys our emission legislation and that's different today.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Fisher with UBS. Your line is open.
Steven Fisher: Just on the deliveries in the quarter were up by it's been about 5% versus I think the original guidance is 7% to 9%. To what extent was that due to supplier constraints? Or was it something else than maybe you just broadly talk about the supplier picture at the moment?
Ron Armstrong: Yes, as I mentioned previously that, as we go up and build rates, it requires really close coordination with all of our suppliers, and as we work through the details of that was -- that was what was able to be delivered. And so, teams are purchasing supplier quality, materials plant guys did a great job of working with our suppliers. And as we mentioned, we will continue to see some upward momentum and build particularly in North America in the third quarter, as we continue to work with our suppliers to support the demand for our customers.
Steven Fisher: Do you think the supply chain constraints are materially eased at this point or relatively balanced and able to meet the production requirements for the industry needs or is it…
Ron Armstrong: Yes, I would say it's balanced, yes.
Steven Fisher: And then maybe just shifting gears a little bit, if you can talk about what you are seeing in the oil market today? How much of your revenues are oil related overall? And maybe how much you are getting help from actually transporting of oil versus truck dated in the production process?
Ron Armstrong: The oil segment really accounts for a small percentage of our total business. Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF all have great products to support the industry, and we're seeing some benefits in that arena. But it's really we're seeing benefits in all areas, so oil is just not a significant piece of the total pie.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Gilardi with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Ross Gilardi: Just want to go back to on production, as you said, your DAF orders are up 26% in the first half of the year, your European deliveries were up like 12%, rest of the world up 15%. So clearly production has lagged thus far. The message coming out of the Investor Day seemed to be that capacity is a non-issue for DAF. I mean have you rethought that at all or what why the actual lag on production versus orders?
Ron Armstrong: Well, I mean if you look at North America, orders are double. And retail sales and production are nowhere near the order intake take rates. And so, the customers' order intake usually is more lumpy than production and retail sales, so it's just balancing longer-term production rates with order intake rates over period of time. So I wouldn't read anything that, but the factory has plenty of capacity in Europe as well. We work closely with our suppliers to support our ability to deliver timely to our customers based on their delivery expectations.
Ross Gilardi: If you look at the ACT data over the course of the second quarter, for the overall market, there seemed to be a production hiccup in May that that sort of bounced back in June. Did you experience any of that production slowdown or have any issues with production in the U.S. in throughout the second quarter?
Ron Armstrong: No, it's pretty normal for this time of the cycle.
Ross Gilardi: And then just with respect to the Class 8 orders, I mean of course they remain off the charts good. I mean, do you think there's any double or triple ordering going on to enable fleets to get in front of production queue? And do you have any policies in place on down payments or otherwise to prevent double ordering, any reason to think that that's going on?
Ron Armstrong: We have long-term relationships with a lot of our customers and I have no idea what they're doing with other makes, but we feel good about the backlog and we're set at this point with good quality long-term customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Duignan with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Ann Duignan: When we were sitting here a quarter ago, you said a couple of things about gross margins going forward. One, you've said that your mix of truck deliveries would be more levered to fleets and therefore that would weigh on margins. And then I think you had expected parts to slow down and also mixed to weigh on margins. So, can you just update us on both of those? And what you did see in the quarter? Should we just take away from the strong gross margin that volume is a wonderful thing?
Ron Armstrong: Clearly, we saw the benefits of operating volumes in the quarter. Parts margins were 27.9 in the first quarter, 27.5 in the second quarter. As we look to the second half of the year, we think that the margins for the second half will be comparable to the excellent first half margin, so that 14.5% to 15% range.
Ann Duignan: So, 14.5 to 15 now, so no fleet mix issues or no nothing. What about FX? Is FX likely to weigh on margins either at the gross level or at the EBIT level in the second half?
Ron Armstrong: So, what we saw on exchange rate is that the benefit of exchange rate added to the margin dollars, but it didn’t affect the margin percentage.
Ann Duignan: That will be a less of a tailwind, if currency stays where that's today?
Ron Armstrong: It was not a factor in terms of margin percentage now.
Ann Duignan: And then just following up on, one of the things we've heard and we have said, truck showing Hanover that's year once every three years of delay. My understanding is that almost every OEM will have an electric truck on the display. Will that be exhibiting electric vehicle to that show? And what could you tell us about what should expect to see by your competitors at this IAA?
Ron Armstrong: I can't comment on what the competitors. You have obviously seen ours. You have written in ours. So, you have had a chance to take it around the test track, so yes, we will have -- we will display those at the Hanover show.
Ann Duignan: Yes, and remember mine was a manual drive too. It didn't make it easy for me.
Ron Armstrong: You did a great job.
Ann Duignan: And just a quick follow-up on the 26% order increase for DAF versus 41% in Q1, what does that mean Q2 orders where year-over-year? And then given the registrations are only any up about 4%, I’m going to assume that these are dealer orders in anticipation of sales picking up. Is that the right interpretation and I’ll leave it there?
Ron Armstrong: The orders are typically driven by customer orders and so, that's we obviously sell some stock trucks, but the vast majority of our orders are driven by customer demand. So, no exception with DAF, Harrie, do you have the second quarter?
Harrie Schippers: Second quarter was up 10% compared to the second quarter last year. Last year, we had a strong second quarter too.
Ron Armstrong: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Potter with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Alex Potter: I guess one maybe two questions on Europe. First of all, I was interested if you could comment on any mix trends that you're seeing obviously not all trucks have created equal, so if its medium duty trucks or its heavy duty trucks or Eastern Europe versus Western Europe. Anything that we should know about in terms of what that volume might be for the margin profile of what you are delivering?
Ron Armstrong: So, I’d say the share enhancement that is occurred has really been driven by the tractor side DAF. For the first half of this year, it was the -- had a number one tractor in the market in Europe. So, again the CF, XF, the fuel efficiency gains are 7% or so. On average, fuel efficiency gain is really well appreciated by the on highway long-haul customer. So, we did see a bit of a increase in that particular area.
Alex Potter: That should be margin accretive, if I’m reading that correctly. Is that right or…
Ron Armstrong: Yes, the margins are all up pretty, pretty representative when you talk about the heavy side.
Alex Potter: And then I guess also on Europe. Just if you could maybe take a step back, I know this historically it's not been maybe as violently cyclical as the U.S. If you could just maybe update us on your longer term maybe two, three or four years outlook for the European cycle, not a specific forecast or anything, just sort of the general feel?
Ron Armstrong: Just general feel, the economy has done -- it's been in growth mode for three or four, five years. And the central bank and others are managing inflation and growth quite prudently, and it's nothing that we see in our radar is going to change the economic outlook for Europe and for the near and mid-term.
Alex Potter: And then last one. Specifically on gross margin, you had mentioned there are some gross margin numbers for parts in particular. It sounds like the parts segments has been doing quite well or at least no major downside from a gross margin standpoint, which I was a little bit surprised about. It seems like…
Ron Armstrong: I would go with quite well.
Alex Potter: Yes, that's what it looks like. Well, it seems maybe I'm reading it incorrectly, but it's from sort of listening to comments from out of the cost and supply chain. It seems like a lot of the pressure to the extent that pressure exist from supply chain bottlenecks or steel, aluminum or things like that have been borne primarily by part as people prefer to prioritize ordering or delivering the OEM oriented parts instead of the aftermarket. But apparently, you didn't see any of that, so just any comments on that topic would be insightful?
Ron Armstrong: No, I think as we look obviously you got to keep the factory running, and so that, that is job one. But the suppliers have done a great job supporting our total business both factories and the aftermarket products business. So, at this point, we're in good shape from a supply support standpoint.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jerry Revich: I'm wondering, if you can talk about your expectations of gross margin cadence 4Q versus 3Q? Over the past three years, we've seen 4Q have wider gross margins than 3Q either because of timing of parts deliveries ore rebates. And I just wanted to see, if we can just get more granular comments from you folks. And you mentioned back half, margins look like first half. What does that mean? 3Q higher than that and 4Q lower than that. Can you just give us some more contexts on margins seasonality this year?
Ron Armstrong: They'll be in the range that we talked about.
Jerry Revich: For both 3Q and 4Q?
Ron Armstrong: Yes.
Jerry Revich: And then, as you folks assess the impact on the supply base of the tariffs that were put in place on July 6th. Can you just talk about what's your rough sense and whether any of your suppliers could be impacted by tariffs? Do you have an early read on how that looks for your supply base?
Ron Armstrong: Yes, I think the early reed is that there is not going to be a significant impact to our business and our expectations for operations based on what we know now. As you know, things can change quickly in that arena.
Jerry Revich: And lastly, can you just update us on the productivity that you folks are seeing as you ramp up the production significantly in the U.S.? What kind of productivity are you seeing from the labor force and the next round of production increases? Can you just give us a flavor for how much of that will be overtime versus new shifts?
Ron Armstrong: Most of it is just adding to the first or second shift mostly the second shift operation to support our demands in our factories.
Jerry Revich: And the productivity that you are seeing as you are adding so that shift, how does that complete?
Ron Armstrong: It's consistent with what we typically would see. I mean you are leveraging that fixed cost structure and the supervisory structure and management structure of the facilities, as you go up for sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joel Tiss with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Joel Tiss: I wonder, can you give us a little bit of an update on Brazil and maybe just talk generally about any other geographic markets that you're looking at that that might turn out to be interesting.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, Brazil, the team as we talked about before has done a great job of having a great product for the market. It's very well received by our customers. We're going to continue to increment production. For the year, we'll probably deliver about twice as many trucks this year as we did last year, which will yield some further share growth I think through mid month roughly at about a 6% share of the above 40 ton market in Brazil. So, team is doing great, you're being able to leverage the fixed costs, and so we'll continue to develop that business. The dealers are doing well and so long-term prospects for Brazil continue to be excellent. You know as you look at other parts of the world Mexico we continue to generate the highest share in our company at 35% or so sure of the heavy market in Mexico. Australia the economy is good, truck demand is good, building trucks at a strong rate in Australia and demand for products outside of our primary markets in places like Russia, Turkey is good, so things are good around the around the world as we sit here today.
Joel Tiss: And just a couple of like nit-picky, can you talk a little about the $300 million going forward of share purchases? Is that aimed at just soaking up options? Or do -- you aim to take the share count down a little bit? And your inventories and receivables are up about 36%, which is well above your revenues, and I just wondered is there a strategy there to have a little extra parts inventory? Or is there something else going on?
Ron Armstrong: So, the share repurchase I mean as you know from time to time we'll buy back shares at the current bargain price. It's quite a deal, so we should be -- should be active in the market. And thinking about the receivables and inventory, as you may or may not recall, we typically close some of the factories down over the Christmas holiday period. And so, inventories and receivables at yearend are lower than they are relative to activity levels than if you could look at the other three quarters of the year. So, we're seeing some effect of that on both of those metrics.
Operator: Your next question comes from Seth Weber with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Seth Weber: Just want to ask go back to supply-chain discussion for a second. Is PACCAR making any extra investments in its suppliers to sort of help them along here? Or is it just kind of business as usual?
Ron Armstrong: I would say it is pretty much business as usual, but we have had a long history of where suppliers can benefit us and them from if there's a win-win circumstance we are more than happy to make those investments and support suppliers to support PACCAR.
Seth Weber: Okay but nothing kind of unusual for DAF?
Ron Armstrong: Nothing of significance at this point.
Seth Weber: And then just follow-up just the strength in the parts business, you raised the outlook, the revenue outlook there. Can you just maybe just frame what areas, whether its engines or just regular business activity has been surprising to you or the source of the upside relative to your prior expectations?
Ron Armstrong: Yes, I’d say nothing surprising, but engine parts growth is higher than average because we are growing the part of PACCAR MX engines every day. We are putting 100% of PACCAR engines in DAF vehicles and they are building it at record production rates in Europe. We are putting 40% 45% MX engines in Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks which are at high production rates. And the engine is now been in the field for eight years and so we're starting to see just the ongoing benefits of the engine parts sales. Our teams have just done -- they put together some programs of supporting fleets the TRP stores the e-commerce initiatives all those things are yielding just great results and support for our customers. A big focus with their uptime initiatives to service our customers in the best way in the industry and that's recognized and keeps customers coming back to PACCAR parts on an ongoing basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andy Casey with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Andy Casey: On the outlook just going back to the Seth's question from a different perspective. Parts up to 13% to 15% from prior 8% to 10%, at the midpoint, it implies a slight decline I mean slight like 1% in the second half for revenue from the first half, and that's coming after 10 consecutive quarters of sequential growth and then clearly, also moderation year-over-year to about 10 from 18 in the first half. Can you help us with the key factors when you are looking into the second half that might be causing you to expect the flapping out?
Ron Armstrong: Yes, I think that's the conservative guys at corporate not listening to the parts guys that what they are going to be able to do. So the parts team is obviously doing a great job, a lot of initiatives ongoing and so we are just -- appreciate that the trends have been and we expect -- we are just being a little bit conservative in terms of our outlook at this point.
Andy Casey: And then I'm just wondering what the currency shifts that have occurred maybe it's a little bit too early to see this. But has that impacted any export demand in any region? And if so, where you're seeing any sequential hesitation?
Ron Armstrong: Well, I'm just sort of search in my mind, I can't think of currency impacting demand. I think demand is there and currency is impact price realization and our cost from time-to-time, but again nothing significant.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Jamie Cook: I guess first question just back to visibility that you guys stated into 2019. Can you just talk about how far your visibility stands relative to sitting here last year and was that comment specific just to North America or Europe as well? And then my second question, as we think about 2019, if you think about what some of the industry experts are forecasting. I mean, should we expect can incremental margins given where we are in this cycle improved from this level? Or should we expect them to temper just because the growth rate is probably won't be as robust?
Ron Armstrong: If you look at the orders, again, order backlogs are strong around the globe, and there is a quarter intake as the combination of current year and future year and while the fleets are reserving and spots for next year's build to make sure that get their trucks that they need, and so we are in great shape in that perspective. And from end margin standpoint we've sort of talk about what we expect for the second half and will see what's next year bring.
Jamie Cook: But is your visibility is greater as we sit here today versus last year?
Ron Armstrong: Yes, I think for sure.
Jamie Cook: And then you've just said before, normalized incremental margins are sort of 15% to 20%. Is that off the table going forward?
Ron Armstrong: Well that's what it's been for years up and down, so I think that's pretty good metric.
Operator: Your next question comes from Courtney Yakavonis with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Courtney Yakavonis: Just going back to Steve's question on pricing, I think you guys have mentioned in the past that you've been able to get a little bit better pricing in some of your smaller truck orders. So I'd just be curious in the backlog right now, has it been a lot of those big orders from our fleets? Or have they -- has a lot of the pricing been coming through still on those smaller orders? And to offset commodity cost and then also, are you getting any pricing on the Parts business? Or is that all volume?
Ron Armstrong: I think the pricing has been pretty normal in terms of the mix of customers that are in the build as well as in the backlog. So, I don’t think there is any particular mix difference. And on the parts side, pricing is again the competitive margin and we can constantly monitor what's the competitive price that we need to achieve our goals and targets. And the team does a good job of managing that on our ongoing basis. I think just in the 10-Q analysis system we've seen some price realization in the parts business in the first half this year.
Courtney Yakavonis: And then just when we think about the used market, I -- you obviously talked about how the pricing has you know been up. And just curious, is there anything about the mix of these used markets right now? Is it younger than it's historically been? Are there more automated versus manual trucks in it? Or you know anything we should be thinking about kind of what the used markets look like today?
Ron Armstrong: I would say from our used truck perspective what you'll see is that, the trucks that are coming back starting now going forward are more of the latest developed trucks, the Euro 6 trucks, the model 2.1 meter trucks in North America which will have some benefit on the our used truck pricing as we move forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Raso with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Raso: Just as a straightforward question, I must've missed this. Price versus cost in the quarter just reported. Did it improve from what we saw in the first quarter? And the rest of the year does price versus cost, not just price and the price versus cost improve from here?
Ron Armstrong: So, I think it was the second quarter was similar to what we saw in the first quarter, and I think you know without -- I think it'll be similar in the second half of the year.
David Raso: And again, I might have missed this, the extension of the orders the visibility into '19. Can you quantify it a little bit? Or give a sense of what percent of the builds for say, first half of '19 are spoken for assuming all the orders stick?
Ron Armstrong: No, we've picked up, don't want to talk about that at this point.
David Raso: Alright, I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sameer Rathod with Macquarie. Your line is open.
Sameer Rathod: I think there's been some recent discussion about the current administration revoking Clean Air waivers in the state of California, any potential thoughts or any thoughts on the potential impact that could have on the truck market?
Ron Armstrong: It's so hypothetical, we don’t really think about that. We know what the current law is. We know what it has been established for greenhouse gas phase 2 for 2021, 2024 and 2027. And we're managing our business to deal with what we know, And so, that's what we're focused on, if something were to change we'd deal with that at the time, but right now we're focused on the laws that exist.
Sameer Rathod: Okay thanks, I guess the next question is on labor. Are you having difficulty finding labor in any of your facilities, thank you?
Ron Armstrong: We have great facilities. We have a great place to work. We provide a great salary and benefits package for our employees and so we're fortunate that we're in communities that that's well-recognized and when we typically recruit people to support build rates we don't have any problem increasing our head count to support that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe O'Dea with Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Joe O'Dea: When you talk about customers now ordering for 2019 and I think what you thought there these are some large fleets so trying to make sure that they get build slots. Typically, we think about model year at this point 2020 prices is not really being set and I think there's some speculation that some of those orders could be an attempt to get in front of more price increases. I guess, how do you address that? And how do you make sure that you take advantage of the opportunity to price in the strong demand environment and not give some of that away by just early orders?
Ron Armstrong: Well, again, for those transactions, there is typically multiple brands competing and you have to be competitive in the marketplace. So it's what the market will bear.
Joe O'Dea: I guess just so you are seeing that competitive dynamic ease at all and the backlogs have done what they done in lead times have extended and when you get those multi-brand competitions and the bids. Have you seen a little bit less price competition on those?
Ron Armstrong: I’ll say it's very typical. It's very typical in normal circumstances.
Joe O'Dea: And then when we think about Europe and where you are sizing the over 16 ton market midpoint about 310,000, at 16.5% share that would be 51,000 units or so. It looks like you are on a delivery pace that would be slightly north of 60,000. Can you just talk about the medium duty, how big that is? And are some of these deliveries going to dealers who are trying to stock on the new trucks just given stronger demand levels there?
Ron Armstrong: We are selling -- we sell a lot of trucks outside of European market. So, Russia, Turkey, Africa, Middle East, South America, Australia, so those, the production from Eindhoven and Leyland is not just for the European market is for the globe.
Joe O'Dea: Okay, but I guess if UK is going down and you have got a strong share there. Where is it that you are seeing some of the share outperformance now?
Ron Armstrong: So, we are doing really well in central Europe, Eastern Europe, Poland, Czech Republic, Hungary is where we've grown share significantly, but also markets like Germany France and Spain.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Shlisky with Seaport Global. Your line is open.
Mike Shlisky: So I wanted to start with the R&D budget. The run rate so far this year in the first half is at the low end of your outlook for the full year. I was wondering, if you anticipate a ramp up in spending in the back half of the year. And can you just give us a sense of what you might be seeing as far as the R&D run rate in 2019 as well?
Ron Armstrong: Yes, I think look at second half the quarter is about to be $75 million to $80 million a quarter and next year I think the pace of spending will be similar to this year.
Mike Shlisky: And I also wanted to just get a quick detail on Brazil and how it's going there? Clearly, you have very well received miles over there. My question is, there was truckers strike during the second quarter here where there was some freight that was jammed up on the highway or it sort of didn't get on the road. Those are fleets are kind of continuing. I was wondering, if there was any impact to your business in the quarter? And could there some be some pent up demand post-election and late in '18 into 2019 once it all gets sorted out?
Ron Armstrong: The truckers strike affected the entire country in terms of shipments, and so yes, parts getting into the factory. There was a week or so where that was a challenge, but those trucks have been made up or being made us as we speak. The Brazilian economy have lots of potential and we're seeing growth this year absent to trucker strike, and the demand from customers is excellent and particularly for the dot product. And so we're optimistic as we mentioned we're going to be increasing our billed rates in the second half of the year. And we hope, if that continued to grow our business in the future.
Mike Shlisky: Just a quick follow-up on that as well. If now you have 4 or 5 during Brazil in any kind of way. Is this point where you start to see parts ramp up in that part of the world? Or is that more of your 6, 7, 8 story there?
Ron Armstrong: It's ramping up all the time. It's relatively low numbers relative to their -- our other markets because of the extensive trucks parts, but it's basically increased incrementing every month as more and more trucks get in the field, more and more of our dealers get connected with the all the transport companies and get the service into the shops. So it's an ongoing growth business as we go forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Neel Frohnapple with Buckingham Research. Your line is open.
Neel Frohnapple: Ron, can you talk about the used truck pricing outlook in North America for the second half of the year and into 2019? It sounds like industry demand remains very strong for used trucks, but do you think that's the biggest risk for their Class 8 market in your view given the increase in supply that could be hitting the market over the next few quarters?
Ron Armstrong: No, I don’t feel that's a significant risk at all in fact it's there is good demand.
Harrie Schippers: And as lead times from new trucks go up, used trucks become more and more interesting alternatives.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, so late model used as, it's a very good market right now.
Neel Frohnapple: You don’t anticipate by changing or increase is moderating at all from here?
Ron Armstrong: Yes, I think, it feels like it's going to be a good second half and a good start in first half for used trucks as we said here day, but that we will see how it develops.
Neel Frohnapple: And as a follow-up just to my earlier questions on the products business, I mean the sales growth for the products business continues to exceed expectations and I would certainly imagine that's outpace in the industry. And I understand you won't provide 2019 specific guidance. But, is there any reason I think of the business can continue to grow double digits in 2019 when considering the benefits like MX engine penetration and the expansion of TRP?
Ron Armstrong: Yes, we will see how that develops. I don’t have further comment on at this point.
Neel Frohnapple: And one last one, how much the TRP increase on a year-over-year basis in the quarter?
Ron Armstrong: So if you look at TRP stores and the same stores sales stores that have been in existence for more than 12 months I think the comp is at 20%.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Your line is open.
Rob Wertheimer: So maybe as the tricky question to answer also, but it’s also on parts and you guys have had such tremendous execution and success in growing that business very steadily. Are you able to comment on the cyclicality of that business? I mean, should we expect when the downturn comes that I don’t know whether it's you are getting 5 or 10 points of growth from cyclicality or whether it's really all of your running initiatives. So I just don’t know, if you have any way to measure market share gains you've had or upswing downswing in that business that you expect, if there is eventual downturn?
Ron Armstrong: Yes, it is difficult to measure market share, but I think clearly our business has grown at a faster rate than the overall industry. And again, I attribute that to all the initiatives that are keen to -- I've put together, if you look over time obviously the volatility of parts is much less than the trucks. And it's the steady revenue and cash flow source day in day out.
Rob Wertheimer: No, it's been exceptional and then just a quick question just on the margin. I mean there was a time a few years back when oil prices fell and maybe you and some other parts businesses maybe pick up some margin partly cause of distribution costs falling, but at the end of the day your margins just keep going up and up. So I assume your competitiveness at these margin levels is as good as or better than ever. You don't even have any fears on that part.
Ron Armstrong: No, not at all.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Baudendistel with Stifel. Your line is open.
Mike Baudendistel: You saw the press release you're going to offer the PACCAR transmission with MX-11 engine. Can you just talk a little bit about the share that PACCAR has within its vertically integrated and transmissions? Where do you think that's going to go? And is that big enough to move the needle?
Ron Armstrong: I apologize, Mike, I don't have a current sort of assessment of the penetration rate of that transmission with the engine, but it's excellent. I just don't know what that is, so let me -- we'll come back to you on that.
Mike Baudendistel: Okay, no problem. And just wanted to ask you also, it seems like you have more sort of confidence in the electric market than you did maybe a couple of quarters ago when you said there really wasn't a lot of demand from customers. Can you just talk a little bit about sort of you know which -- where you're seeing that sort of extra demand versus a few quarters ago? What types of customers are demanding electric?
Ron Armstrong: Yes, I don't think there's much more demand. You just had to be prepared as the regulatory environment may dictate some level of zero emission vehicles. So, we've been quite active in developing our capabilities and we'll continue to do so. The reality of the price of an electric vehicle is more than two times the cost of a diesel engine. You've got some range issues, weight issues. So, the economic viability of electric is not great. And so -- but you have to be prepared, so I don't think there's going to be a huge demand for electric for hydrogen fuel cell infrastructure and other things. A lot has to happen for that to be any sizable portion of the market the next five or 10 years.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Adam Uhlman: First, let's start with a clarification on the deliveries that are expected in the third quarter. How much of an improvement are you looking for in North America, as we look for above normal seasonality is kind up make up some deliveries from the second quarter? And then related to that, are we taking a normal summer shutdown in Europe which is like I get down like 10% from the second quarter? And if so, why not cut the summer schedule to short to try to clear up some up the backlog and customer deliveries?
Ron Armstrong: Yes, we just have to manage the vacation period et cetera. This is the most efficient way that managed that vacation period. So it's proven over the years its more vision way. And so, we will be down Europe a couple of thousand trucks and that will be offset plus a little bit North America.
Adam Uhlman: And then, could you talk about the capacity that you have in North America today for the MX engine. If I were to order a truck with that engine versus a Cummins engine, is there any difference in, in lead times and availability?
Ron Armstrong: No, we have just completed about $35 million investment in the Columbus engine factory to be able to increase machining capacity by about 40 engines a day. We also completed a similar size investment in Eindhoven to be able to machine MX-11 engines in Eindhoven. So, we are a good shape from engine capacity standpoint for the foreseeable future.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rob Salmon with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Rob Salmon: As we lookout to the third quarter with the delivery update, can you give us a sense if you have got a bunch of effectively red tagged trucks that are just waiting on a couple of parts in terms of seeing that sequential uptick -- excuse me, on deliveries?
Ron Armstrong: It's mostly just production rates that we anticipate.
Rob Salmon: And then, Ron, with your commentary about the used trucks I think being up about 5% to 10% compared to last year. Can you give us a sense, if that included the benefit from mix in terms of seeing a greater portion of the newer spec trucks that guys are selling? Or is that just the broader market and you think you are going to get more of a benefit in the second half as those specs start falling through your use.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, I would say most of that is the broader market and there will be some benefit from the model mix, yes.
Rob Salmon: And really the smaller piece of the business, the PACCAR truck leasing. Can you give us a sense of your plans for either fleet growth there? And what you're seeing in that end market from utilization perspective?
Ron Armstrong: Yes, the utilization in the leasing market is excellent with the transportation demand. When there's supplemental capacity needed, the leasing rental trucks, there is a good demand and the leasing business ours as well as our dealers who operate PacLease franchises, they have had a really good year, and orders for lease trucks are up year-on-year. So, that’s been a really good year for PacLease.
Rob Salmon: Can you remind us, how big is the percentage of the financial services that the leasing business represents for you guys?
Ron Armstrong: Yes, it's about -- we have a truck portfolio of around 190,000 trucks and there is 38,000 -- 39,000 trucks in the PacLease operations. So, there is a 20% to 25%.
Rob Salmon: So, as a proportion of earnings, it's the same regardless of its being financed or leased I guess over the cycle?
Ron Armstrong: That’s correct, yes.
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the Company?
Ron Armstrong: We’d like to thank everyone for their participation. And thank you operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR’s earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-24 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Hastings - Director, IR Ron Armstrong - CEO Harrie Schippers - President and CFO Michael Barkley - SVP and Controller
Analysts: Alex Potter - Piper Jaffray Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Joel Tiss - BMO Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Joe Vruwink - Baird Steve Volkmann - Jefferies Andy Casey - Wells Fargo Securities Steven Fisher - UBS Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Courtney Yakavonis - Morgan Stanley David Raso - Evercore ISI Michael Shlisky - Seaport Global Rob Wertheimer - Melius Research Rob Salmon - Wolfe Research Mario Gabelli - GAMCO Investors Steve Volkmann - Jefferies
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR’s First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today’s call is being recorded, and if anyone has an objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR’s Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR’s Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Ron Armstrong, Chief Executive Officer; Harrie Schippers, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Barkley, Senior Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls, we ask that any members of the media on the line participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general, economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Ron Armstrong.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning. PACCAR reported record revenues and strong operating results for the first quarter of 2018. PACCAR’s first quarter sales and financial services revenues were $5.65 billion and first quarter net income was $512 million, a 9.1% after tax return on revenues. Revenues were 33% higher and net income was 65% higher compared to the first quarter last year. PACCAR Parts achieved record quarterly pre-tax profits of $192 million. PACCAR achieved excellent Truck, Parts and Other gross margins of 14.8% helped by strong global truck and aftermarket parts demand. First quarter margin is benefited from a favorable customer mix and increased seasonal demand for proprietary parts in the aftermarket. I’m very proud of our 26,000 employees who have delivered industry-leading products and services to our customers worldwide. PACCAR delivered a record 44,500 trucks during the first quarter. U.S. and Canada Class 8 industry truck orders averaged 42,000 units per month in the first quarter and have exceeded 30,000 units per month for the last six months. DAF above 16-tonne orders increased 41% in the first quarter compared to the same period last year. Due to the robust orders, we expect to deliver 7% to 9% more trucks in the second quarter of this year compared to the first quarter. Second quarter gross margins for truck will be similar to the first quarter of around 12%. Parts margins will reflect increased sales of TRP and routine maintenance parts. Total Truck, Parts and Other gross margins will again be strong at the mid 14% level. The U.S. economy growth is driving record freight tonnage. Customers are operating at high utilization levels and are expanding their fleets. We’ve raised our estimate of U.S. and Canadian Class 8 truck industry retail sales to a range of 265,000 to 285,000 vehicles this year. PACCAR’s forecast for the European above 16-tonne market has been increased to a range of 300,000 to 320,000 units, reflecting the strong freight transport activity and truck demand as well as the steady economic outlook. The new DAF CF and XF, which won the International Truck of the Year are seeing strong demand, achieving a 16.4% share of the European heavy truck market registrations in the first quarter. PACCAR Parts quarterly pre-tax income of $192 million was 27% higher than a year ago. Pre-tax return on revenue was an excellent 20.4%. PACCAR Parts business generated record quarterly revenues of $940 million, 19% higher than in the same quarter of last year. These results were driven by growing number of PACCAR trucks and engines in operation, PACCAR’s investment in distribution centers and the many innovative products and services offered by PACCAR Parts and our dealers. For the year, we expect parts sales to increase by 10% to 12%. PACCAR Financial Services first quarter pre-tax income was $68 million, 19% higher than first quarter last year. The PACCAR financial portfolio performed well. Industry demand and pricing for used trucks increased compared to the first quarter last year. PACCAR Financial continued to invest in the remarketing of PACCAR trucks by opening its fourth truck remarketing center near Los Angeles. These truck centers further enhance Kenworth and Peterbilt residual values, which command a 10% to 20% premium over competitors’ trucks. PACCAR’s strong balance sheet and positive cash flow have enabled the Company to invest $3 billion in new products and facilities in the last five years. This year, capital expenditures of $425 million to $475 million, and research and development expenses of $300 million to $320 million are targeted for new truck models, integrated powertrains including electric, hybrid and hydrogen fuel cell technologies, and new product technologies for advanced driver assistance systems and truck connectivity. Additional investments are also being made to expand and enhance manufacturing and parts distribution facilities. PACCAR is realizing the benefits of strong market conditions by delivering the highest quality products and services in the industry and investing for future growth. Thank you. I’d be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Alex Potter with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Alex Potter: Yes. Thanks, guys. First, I wanted to ask a question about the revenue growth in parts. You mentioned seasonality there but also the proprietary parts. I was just wondering if you could give a little bit more clarity on what’s driving that very strong year-over-year growth. And also, if you could, I guess in that context, talk about TRP, the extent to which that’s contributing as well? Thanks.
Ron Armstrong: Sure. The growth is really across all the product lines. Obviously, freight activity has a large impact. But our teams, we’ve expanded our distribution facilities. We’ve got lots of great programs with engines, with our fleet services, our e-commerce capabilities. So, the team has done a great job of really putting together programs that build the loyalty of our customers to PACCAR Parts because they can provide the parts faster and more efficiently than some of the competition can. So, the team has been working on these initially for many years. And now we’re seeing the real fruits of the investments and the efforts to the team’s put forth. On the TRP side, if you look at same store sales year-over-year, we’re up about 20% on the independent standalone TRP side.
Alex Potter: And what margin impact did that have to the extent TRP ends up being a bigger or smaller percentage of mix?
Ron Armstrong: It would probably pull the overall average down just a bit, because it’s typically all -- makes parts for the all brands of vehicles. 
Alex Potter: Okay. Very good. And then I guess one last question on used truck pricing. There is some thought I suppose that used truck prices could eventually start trending lower as we get lower towards the back half of the year. Just wondering, if you’re starting to see any of that or if you agree with that being the thing.
Ron Armstrong: I think, again, we’ve seen a positive trending in the last three to six months on the used truck pricing. And so, we’re seeing just the opposite. We’re seeing the positive trends.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Duignan with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Ann Duignan: Good morning or afternoon whatever. My first question may be around, if you could speak to what you’re seeing out there by segment. We’re seeing Class 8 sleeper orders up about 140%, day cab is up about 112% and straight truck is up about 43%. Just curious what you guys are seeing there by mix application or segment in terms of your backlog or your orders?
Ron Armstrong: Yes. I think we’re seeing increases in all those segments sort of across the board. I wouldn’t say there is any particular segment that’s outperforming the other, probably a little bit higher sleeper mix just because of the demand for on highway trucks.
Ann Duignan: Okay. And it does look like the sleepers started to accelerate into end of the last year. Is that the case?
Ron Armstrong: Yes. I think more of the on-highway fleets will place their orders in the late fourth quarter, early first part of the year. So, I think we’re just seeing the effects of the timing of when they place their orders.
Ann Duignan: And given your backlog year-to-date, do you have enough capacity to meet demand for this year or do you envision maybe having pushback some of those deliveries into next year? And do you think there is any risk that we see production expand into or extend into 2019, just on back of capacity constrains?
Ron Armstrong: Well, demand is good. And we see no indications that demand is lessening. So, we’re going to build the trucks that we can build and we have the capacity to be able to support our customers’ needs.
Ann Duignan: Okay. And then, just quickly as a final follow-up. Could you just discuss input cost versus pricing power, and what’s the pricing environment like out there, given the strength in orders and demand?
Ron Armstrong: Yes. We’ve seen some moderate ability to increase prices, particularly on smaller truck orders. But, we’re also seeing some moderate increases in the input costs, and we continue to see commodity costs trend upward. But, again, our long-term agreements facilitate that being smooth over time and we’re able to realize that as a marketplace for the most part.
Ann Duignan: So, you wouldn’t expect the mix to be negative this year or is that am I raising into it or…
Ron Armstrong: No, I don’t -- at this point, we don’t see that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 
Jerry Revich: I’m wondering, if you could talk about your expectations of vehicle mix in the second quarter. In the first quarter, you spoke about getting a tailwind from a mix of business. I’m wondering how do you expect that to evolve into 2Q. And you have spoken about gross margin expectations for the year. I’m wondering if you could touch on the second quarter specifically.
Ron Armstrong: Yes. So, we talked about our second quarter overall gross margins being in the mid 14% levels, and we will see an increased mix of deliveries to fleet customers in the second quarter. But, that’s all very normal. And so, we expect another strong margin quarter as we mentioned.
Jerry Revich: Okay. And in terms of factory overhead costs, those took a leg higher to support the higher production levels in the fourth quarter. Can you just talk about how that trended into the first quarter and what expectations are over the balance of the year?
Ron Armstrong: Yes. The factory overhead and all of our other costs trended exactly as we expect with higher volume and we’re seeing the benefits of the operating leverage. We see that in the 14.8% margin for the quarter.
Jerry Revich: Okay. And last year because of your dealers hit their threshold for part sales, we saw I think in the third quarter, the weaker pricing than we would otherwise expect. Anything that we need to keep in mind in terms of rebates as we think about this year compared to the way last year played out?
Ron Armstrong: You saw the great results that we had in the first quarter with 19% increase. So, we are expecting our dealers, and dealers are doing very well. And so, we’re providing the support for those incentives as we go.
Jerry Revich: Okay. So, it won’t be as lumpy as we saw last year?
Ron Armstrong: No.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joel Tiss with BMO. Your line is open. 
Joel Tiss: So, I wonder if you could just talk a little bit about any supplier constrains and kind of just what’s happening along the chain on the way to your factories for the different parts.
Ron Armstrong: Yes. Our truck divisions and materials teams, our purchasing groups have done a great job of really coordinating well with our suppliers on our build plans. As we mentioned, we’re planning to increase our build rates in the second quarter. And so, it’s a very coordinated approach with our supply base to make sure that we can execute that. We don’t take the build rates up unless we feel confident in their ability to deliver. And so, we’re working very closely with them as we always do. But, so far, it’s been excellent in terms of the support.
Joel Tiss: And then, is there any commentary or any color you can give us around cancellation rates, maybe even just size it up for the whole industry, and the ability for or the whatever -- your feeling about keeping production strong through 2019, just kind of the way the market feels to you? I’m not asking for the forecast.
Ron Armstrong: Sure. The cancellation rates are very low, Joel, just to have the occasional cancellations and reorder, but that’s pretty uncommon at this point. And so, in terms of the customer demands in Europe and in North America, it’s really strong. The economies are all trending positively. So, I don’t see any reason why the demand can’t be good for the foreseeable future.
Operator: Your next question comes from Seth Weber with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. 
Seth Weber: I just wanted to go back to the gross margin point for a second. And correct me if I’m wrong, but I think you said mid 14% for the second quarter this year. And you guys did about the same last year on much lower revenue. So, I’m just trying to -- am I -- I’m just trying to understand why the margins isn’t increasing year-over-year with the higher revenue.
Ron Armstrong: That’s -- we’re -- we’ve got a lot, like I said, higher mix of fleet deliveries in the second quarter and that’s…
Harrie Schippers: [Indiscernible]
Ron Armstrong: Yes. That’s a good point. If you look at the mix of trucks, we’re going to be up -- we’re up 30 plus percent on trucks in the first quarter, and the same will be true in the second quarter. And the incremental margin on trucks just isn’t as great as it is on the parts. So, that proportion as a dampening effect of the overall margin.
Seth Weber: That’s -- I’m sorry, you’re talking year-over-year or foreseeable fourth quarter?
Ron Armstrong: Yes, year-over-year, year-over-year. Yes.
Seth Weber: Right. Okay. So, it’s a mix issue. Even though the parts business is growing quickly, the trucks are growing more rapidly.
Ron Armstrong: Yes.
Seth Weber: Right. Okay. That’s helpful. Thanks. And then, just on the Brazil investment that you called out in the press release, is there any color around that? And I guess, can you talk about what you’re doing with that investment and kind of how you feel like your distribution is set up in that market at this point?
Ron Armstrong: Yes. So, our distribution, we’ve had presence in the Andean region in South America for decades. And we introduced the DAF truck models into that region five years ago and continue to see the DAF models increase their penetration in the Andean region of South America. And we continue to invest in products for that part of the business. And of course Brazil, we introduced a heavy application, off highway application late last year at the Fenatran Truck Show and that truck is now entering the production and should help support our dealers and our customers with an addition of expanded product line in Brazil. The team there is doing a great job, the product is very well received, and our distribution network continues to expand as we progress and build out our truck line as well as distribution capabilities for the country. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David from Baird. Your line is open.
Joe Vruwink: Hi. This is Joe Vruwink for David. 
Ron Armstrong: Good morning, Joe.
Joe Vruwink: I might have miss this, so I apologize. But I think gross margins in Q1 finished above the guide you provided a quarter ago. What exactly drove the upside and profitability?
Ron Armstrong: Yes. I think, given that the first quarter we had a favorable customer mix in terms of deliveries to dealers for stocking purposes as well as smaller fleet, and we’ll see more larger fleets in the second quarter. And the parts business -- rate activity with respect to proprietary parts in the first quarter.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. That makes sense. If I can shift gears, the 40% increase in orders for DAF, that’s a pretty big gain, particularly it seems like some of your competitors in Europe are seeing decelerating order activity. Any more color on why DAF would be performing at such a wide variance to what maybe some of the other OEMs are seeing?
Ron Armstrong: Well, I got a few thoughts; I’m sure Harrie will have a few. But, the key thing is a great products. I mean, the CF/XF was named International Truck of the Year, provides a 7% better fuel efficiency. And so, I think the customers appreciate that. And they’re seeking to take advantage of the great products that DAF is offering. Harrie, do you anything to add? 
Harrie Schippers: I can only echo that, Ron. The end result is that we’ve nicely grown market share in the first quarter. And it’s not only in registration, the share, we see that in order intake to that. More customers, more fleets are choosing for the DAF International Truck of the Year.
Joe Vruwink: And then, I know what I’m about to ask is a bit of convoluted calculation. But, if I think about your presence in Europe, obviously great positioning in the UK. The UK market has started to soften. So, to do this type of market share in Europe, I have to imagine that you’re reaching new all-time record levels of share in a lot of individual countries. Is that a fair characterization. 
Ron Armstrong: Yes, at or near record high levels in a lot of markets. So, yes, the trucks are performing well and it’s well recognized across Europe.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Volkmann with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Steve Volkmann: I’m wondering, Ron, as we sort of stretch out the backlog here, what you’re seeing in terms of new truck pricing? Is there an opportunity to get a little bit more as the backlog stretches out?
Ron Armstrong: Yes. It’s typically, it’s supply and demand business. And yes, there is definitely an opportunity. And it’s also moderate pricing gains in the first quarter.
Steve Volkmann: But, again, given sort of the length of the backlog, I’m supposing that probably wouldn’t really show up until the second half of the year in terms of maybe seeing it in your numbers or maybe the margins, slightly better or just how would we think of that timing?
Ron Armstrong: Yes. I think, you’ll see it gradually progressed as we progress through the year.
Steve Volkmann: Okay, thanks. And then, I’m curious, if you have any kind of initial, just big picture thoughts on the cycle relative to what 2019 might look like. And we’ve obviously had lots of cycles that have been heavily impacted by emission changes or they have at this time. What’s your view, is ‘19 reasonably assumed to be sort of flattish or does it need to be down just because we’re having a big year this year? How do you just look at the longer term?
Ron Armstrong: We’re going to continue to build trucks for customers. And we’ve seen no signs of lessening in demand. So, as the year progresses, we’ll get a better feel for 2019. But our assessment is that as long as the economy is good that the truck markets will be good.
Steve Volkmann: And do you have already some of your build slots in ‘19, spoken for?
Ron Armstrong: Yes, for sure. Customers -- there is larger fleet customers often times will place orders for multi-year. So, yes, there is a nice base line, if you will, of business that’s been booked for 2019.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andy Casey with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open. 
Andy Casey: Thanks a lot. And how are you guys doing?
Ron Armstrong: Great. And you, Andy?
Andy Casey: I’m doing fine. Thanks.
Ron Armstrong: Has the snow ended?
Andy Casey: I think so. Fingers crossed. I don’t think you addressed this. But, could you just help us understand the currency impact on revenue and EBIT margin? I’m just wondering what that -- how that may have impacted the overall incremental margin performance?
Ron Armstrong: Yes. I’ll let Michael address that.
Michael Barkley: Yes. The impact on currency compared to prior year on revenues is about $240 million of increase and that’s mostly due to the euro appreciated against the dollar. And the impact on pre-tax income was about $19 million positive. 
Andy Casey: Okay. Thank you. That explains some of it. And then, kind of going back to the pricing question that Steve asked just a bit ago. Can you discuss how you approach balancing price up versus market share, specifically in the U.S. and Canadian market? Your European orders are quite strong obviously.
Ron Armstrong: Well, it’s the same every day. I mean it’s a competitive marketplace. And everybody is quoting customers. And so you have multiple people buying for business. And we obviously continue to earn a premium on our products relative to the competition. But, customers are willing to pay extra for the lower total operating costs, the higher residual values, but there is a limit to that. And so, we focus on the value of our products and we don’t compete on price necessarily.
Andy Casey: Sure. It’s just the reason for the question, Ron as it just seems like some of your competitors appear to have constraints that are limiting their ability to satisfy additional orders in 2018, a couple of them to be specific. But, I’m just wondering since you have incremental capacity that you could service orders that may have some more immediacy than waiting until let’s say the first part of next year for delivery. Does that offer pricing opportunity or is it…
Ron Armstrong: Yes. I mean, it’s going to be moderate, Andy, I think in terms of the overall effect on margins. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Fisher with UBS. Your line is open.
Steven Fisher: I just wanted to ask you about your warranty experience. I think, you’ve been running better than some accrual rates on certain products. I’m not sure if that was the MX-11. Just wondering if that’s continued. And if so, is there a certain point at which you reassess that accrual rate that could come in and support margins?
Ron Armstrong: Yes. We reassess accrual rates every quarter. And so, it’s closely watched by Michael and his team and the operating folks. And so, our warranty expense really reflects our best assessment of what’s going on in the field. At any point in time as you transition to new models, you’ll provide a little bit of extra warranty in the early days, but our experience is that that will rapidly come down, because the products are better. And so, we see the ebbs and flows of new models and in maturity of new model et cetera over time. 
Steven Fisher: Is that something that could be a second half tailwind for this year?
Ron Armstrong: We’ll evaluate it every quarter. So, we’re reflecting our best estimates every quarter along the way.
Steven Fisher: Okay. And you mentioned that there is some modest pricing available with smaller orders. So, when do you think production might be tight enough in the industry to see that higher pricing more broadly? I’m not sure if there is a certain level of industry production or retail sales that you’re thinking about that might be more supportive of a broad-based pricing improvement. But I guess, I’ll ask it in those terms.
Ron Armstrong: I think, again, it’s a competitive environment. So, you always balance pricing opportunity with your ability to earn the share that you think you should earn. So, it’s an ongoing balancing of those two factors.
Steven Fisher: So, when do you think you might get an indication of pricing initially for 2019, typically would be in your fourth quarter? Others have said, perhaps you it could happen earlier than that this year. Is that the way you’re thinking about it?
Ron Armstrong: Again, pricing is sort of an ongoing daily assessment of how the market is trending. And so, we’ll see -- we’ll just make those calls as we progress throughout this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Jamie Cook: Hi. Good afternoon. I guess, just two quick follow-ups. In case, if I missed it, did you talk about what your gross margin assumption was for the year? I know, you gave it sort for the second quarter. And then, last, you’ve raised your R&D again. Is this the new run rate in terms of how we should think about R&D, given just required investment, NAV and alternative technologies?
Ron Armstrong: Yes. So, for margins, I think that mid-14% level for the year is probably a pretty good proxy for what we think the average for the year will end up being. And in terms of R&D, yes, I think, the run rate in the first quarter is a good proxy. The first quarter -- we saw about $5 million to $6 million increase in R&D as a result of currency movements. But, the rest of it is focused on new truck models, new engines, including as you mentioned electric hydrogen fuel cell and hybrid vehicles. So, we’re making investments in a lot of fronts, including the advanced driver assisted assistance autonomy and truck... 
Jamie Cook: And sorry that comment was -- my question was more towards beyond 2018. So, that’s for beyond ‘18 as well, right, just long term?
Ron Armstrong: Yes. I think that’s a good indicator for the run rate. Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Courtney Yakavonis with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. 
Courtney Yakavonis: Hi. Thanks, guys. Just curious if you can give us an update on the penetration for your MX engines, and if you’ve updated your long-term goals for that. And then also if there is any difference to what you guys are currently seeing in the quarter versus what’s in your backlog? And then, secondly just any impacts that that might be having on the aftermarket sales that we’re seeing from you guys, especially since we’re starting to be about 5 or 6 years out…
Ron Armstrong: So, we continue to be in the 40% to 45% range. And we would love to see that develop over the coming years. And we think it will as more and more customers realize the benefits of the engine and as we get into greenhouse gas regulations in 2021 and subsequent years, I think the demand for our engines will continue to increase. And yes, we are definitely seeing the benefits of that in the part sales. And we’re now into the seventh year of -- since we started the production of the engine here in North America and the population continues to grow. I think, we’re approaching close to 200,000 MX engines in North America and of course DAF has PACCAR engine in all of its trucks. And so, yes, we’re definitely seeing the benefit on the aftermarket part size, as a result of the engine introduction and continuing growing population.
Courtney Yakavonis: Is there any way to quantify that?
Ron Armstrong: Yes. I would say that I don’t know the exact numbers, but the MX engine growth is definitely probably above the overall average for year-on-year.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Raso with Evercore ISI. Your line is open. 
David Raso: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I’m not sure if it’s one given your history you’re going to answer. But, if you can add a little context to the mix issue. I know you’re not going to state blatantly difference in the margin between owner operator sale on a fleet. But, I think we’re all trying to understand where we are in the cycle, but on the margins themselves. If you pull out the currency for the quarter, it’s still say 16% operating incremental margin. I mean, it’s still not great. We’re just trying to think through, if ‘19, the cycle is longer than people thought, and the mix lean back the other way a bit, what kind of impact is that really having on the margins? It wasn’t like last year’s incrementals were that fantastic either with the different mix or it was not a negative of the mix. So, can you at least frame it a little bit for us what the mix implications are and the profitability?
Ron Armstrong: David, I’d just have to disagree with you a little bit. I think the margins are excellent in terms of looking at what we’re providing to our shareholders. And so, as we think about the mix, the mix goes up and down quarter-to-quarter, depending on whether you’re selling a large mix of fleet customers at a point in time. And so, that’s sort of ebbs and flows from quarter-to-quarter, year-to-year. And so, we’re -- we feel good about the operating results. We have the best margins, best operating margins in the industry. So, I think, we feel good about where we’re at. 
David Raso: Okay. And then, just so we level set people’s expectations, are these gross margins, these truck volumes something that you’re comfortable with? I mean, should we not expect margins to be viewed internally as we needed to move these higher materially or as someone said earlier, higher revenues, higher unit deliveries? We’re not seeing a lot of gross margin improvement. Just so we understand, I mean maybe it’s proper investments for future growth, technology, pushing in other geographies, just move the cycles out, but I think people keep going back to the well, hoping there is quarter or two the margins can nearly pop and maybe just our fault on the street expecting that to occur?
Ron Armstrong: Well, I think as we’ve talked about earlier, the growth in revenue is particularly strong on the truck side relative to the parts side. And so, at 12% on trucks and 27% on parts, the trucks are accelerating faster that sort of dampens the incremental. And you can -- we delivered 15% to 20% incrementals over time, and that’s what we’d expect.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Shlisky with Seaport Global. Your line is open. 
Michael Shlisky: Hey, guys. So, your share in medium duty has been pretty strong this year so far in North America. Are there any success stories here that kind of caused or any kind of model the end market? And can you give us more broader view on the [indiscernible] market for the year?
Ron Armstrong: Well, on the medium duty side, we think the market will actually be a little bit stronger this year than last year. And of course, last year was a record year for PACCAR for medium duty truck deliveries over 29,000 trucks. And so, based on the strong share and the good market conditions, we have an opportunity, we have an excellent year on the medium duty side. We’ve had some growth in expanding our customer base some significant orders that have come in. And so, we’re excited about the prospects for that vehicle. And we continue to invest in enhancing that vehicle over time.
Michael Shlisky: Okay, great. I also wanted to ask secondly about SG&A, Jamie asked about R&D. It’s little bit higher this year, up 20% plus from the previous year. Is that just because of the top-line increases or is there any higher structural costs we should be aware of for the rest of the year?
Ron Armstrong: So, about $7 million of that increase on SG&A was currency driven, slightly higher professional fees. The first quarter typically has a little bit higher cost related to long-term incentive grants that doesn’t recur for the rest of the year. So those are sort of the key reasons for the increase.
Michael Shlisky: So, perhaps maybe up slightly year-over-year when you net those things out, but it shouldn’t be a huge increase for the rest of the year compared to… 
Ron Armstrong : Yes. As we look forward to the next few quarters, I would say, it would be probably slightly lower maybe than first quarter level.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Your line is open. 
Rob Wertheimer: I had a quick on the current orders and then a bigger picture one to some electrification. So, on current orders, I mean, the strong ones we’ve seen in the recent months this year, do you have sense your customers want to take delivery of truck right now and OEMs want to pushing that a little bit or are they really seeing a longer duration of cycle and happy to have it 2 or 3 or 4 quarters from now? I’m just curious about the urgency of those orders.
Ron Armstrong: No. I think, the urgency is strong. I think, the customers want their trucks as they’ve put in orders for this year or orders for maybe that extend into 2019. But, they thought about what -- when they want the deliveries. And so, it’s -- they’re definitely looking to get the trucks. The fuel economy of our current vehicles is excellent. And so, they get operating advantage by buying that new truck as well. So definitely, I think there they’re definitely wanting to get the trucks delivery.
Rob Wertheimer: Okay, makes sense. The second question, just if you could give an update on electrification. And we’ve seen some product announcements in recent days and obviously you guys have what you’re working on. I mean, how do you think about the next five years? Is it where you’re trialing solutions and experiments with different suppliers, different platforms, different ideas in the markets 5 and 10 years out or do you think you actually have to be making some real decisions on platforms that will continue and endure. I am really curious about how you approach investing in that and what level of decision do you think you have to make and how fast?
Ron Armstrong: So, we are exploring a lot of different avenues with full electric, hydrogen fuel cell, hybrid. And so, we’ve got a really diversified program. We’ve got trucks that are in the field being tested. And as we look at the truck segment that we participate in, we think the part where the evolvement will be the greatest, will probably be on the medium duty side, the light or heavy side, regional, urban deliveries where they can support the range. The still the issue is the economic viability of electric and fuel cell vehicles, just because the up-charge typical electric trucks is going to be about twice as expensive as a normal diesel vehicle. So, as long as there are subsidies and as long as maybe the regulations dictate, zero emission vehicles in certain zones, in large cities, that’s going to create some demand. But, until it’s economically feasible, there won’t be wide-spread demand. So, that could be five plus years.
Rob Wertheimer: Perfect. And that five plus years applies to even like the medium duty and the in town Class 8s, I mean obviously long hauls, long way out, but…
Ron Armstrong: It applies to all, because again the economic feasibility has got to make sense for the customer. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Rob Salmon with Wolfe Research. Your line is open. 
Rob Salmon: You’ve taken up the parts revenue outlook the past few quarters. And I guess, piggybacking on an earlier question about kind of MX engines. Can you give us a sense of how we should think about the revenue growth opportunity longer term in parts?
Ron Armstrong: If you look at the last 15 years of our parts revenue development, it’s averaged an 8% average annual growth over that period. And I think with the engines, I don’t see any reason that we’ll see a significant deviation. Again, the team has done a great job. We continue to make strategic investments in new distribution capability, continue to invest in technology in those distribution centers to be able to have the best parts of availability and on-time delivery for our customers. The programs the team has put together continue to be enhanced. And so, I think, we’ll continue to see that pace of growth I think as we look into the future.
Rob Salmon: That’s helpful. And I’m kind of thinking about your factory utilization, you’ve obviously brought up production rates more recently. Can you give us a sense of where you are on kind of the number of shifts where that can go to before you see potential constraints in terms of PACCAR hitting its customer needs?
Ron Armstrong: Well, we have assembly capacity that can go well beyond, but obviously it’s -- as I said before, it’s a very coordinated effort that is required with our suppliers, to make sure that we’ve got all the components to be able to support the trucks. And our teams have done a great job of delivering on that. So, it just has to develop over time, as we worked with our supply base and our teams to make sure that works, doing it cost effectively and efficiently.
Rob Salmon: Of course. And I guess, if I’m thinking about your answer, how much flexibility do you have with your supplier base to increase further from where the build plan is going for 2018?
Ron Armstrong: We always seem to be able to find a way to get that next incremental truck. So, I don’t think there is a limit on what we can do. It just takes gradual progression over time.
Rob Salmon: Of course. And if I can squeeze one more in. From your customer base, how many of orders are coming in without a trade, i.e. kind of net fleet growth, particularly in the kind of the smaller owner operator and kind of medium sized fleets you guys interact with?
Ron Armstrong: The vast majority would come in without a trade. Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mario Gabelli with GAMCO Investors. Your line is open.
Mario Gabelli: Thanks. I’m just trying to figure out this -- you may have mentioned back in February. But, 100% write off used equipment, what’s happened to the used truck fleet in light of the ability to deduct 100%. And then, the same thing with regards to your dealers preordering, you kind of tick and tie the two together? And then, I’m going to assume that what happens in November after the election at 100% write off is eliminated. Do you get a surge in orders for equipment, but you can’t handle it?
Ron Armstrong: Yes. I think, the demand for orders has largely been driven by the economics, the demand for freight by shippers to get freights, get goods delivered. Obviously, the 100% deductibility of equipment costs is definitely a positive for customers, both new and used. And we have seen some uptick in the demand for used trucks as well as the pricing for used trucks, and how you attribute that to the tax change or other things, but it’s one of the factors I’m sure... 
Mario Gabelli: Thank you. And now for the easy one. Navistar -- Volkswagen has taken their company public, they’ll be buying Navistar at some point. There is some discussions that Marchionne is going to be leaving and retiring, and he wants to merge IVECO with someone, the only logical player is DAF, which on any of these will you comment on, let’s start with the easy one. Navistar, Volkswagen, any particular changes in distribution as a result?
Ron Armstrong: No, we’ve expected that to be there for…
Mario Gabelli: Sometime, yes, I know. Listen I was just on a rush call. So, I’ll listen to what Rusty says about life and liberty. Thanks very much. Look forward to seeing you again. 
Ron Armstrong: Yes.
Operator: Your last question comes from Steve Volkmann with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Steve Volkmann: Hey, thanks. I snuck one in. I was just curious how you guys are thinking about cash these days. You have like $3.5 billion. I know you like to have cash on the balance sheet. But I’m assuming you have little more flexibility post the tax changes et cetera. And then, curious if you have any thoughts relative to share repurchases, or do you prefer to just kind of put it into the dividend at year-end, or just any guidelines about how you think about that?
Ron Armstrong: Yes. I mean, if you look at our cash balance relative to our asset base, it’s stayed in the 15% to 20% range over quite some time. And that’s about where it’s at currently. So, we’re quite comfortable with where we’re at. And obviously, the tax law provides some additional benefits that the Board will take a look and evaluate as they always do, the opportunity to repurchase shares and pay dividends. So, that’s an ongoing capital allocation assessments; it’s discussed at the Board meeting.
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the Company?
Ron Armstrong: We’d like to thank everyone for participating. And thank you, operator. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR’s earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-30 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Hastings - Director, IR Ronald Armstrong - CEO Harrie Schippers - President & CFO Michael Barkley - SVP & Controller
Analysts: Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies LLC Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Joel Tiss - BMO Capital Markets Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jamie Cook - Crédit Suisse AG Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Nicole DeBlase - Deutsche Bank AG Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities David Raso - Evercore ISI Michael Baudendistel - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company Neil Frohnapple - The Buckingham Research Group
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded, and if anyone has an objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Ron Armstrong, Chief Executive Officer; Harrie Schippers, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Barkley, Senior Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls, we ask that any members of the media on the line participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Ron Armstrong.
Ronald Armstrong: Good morning. Thanks to the accomplishment of PACCAR's 25,000 outstanding employees around the world. 2017 was an excellent year for the company. PACCAR achieved record revenues of $19.5 billion and net income for $1.68 billion. Net income includes a $173 million onetime benefit from the new U.S. tax law. Excluding the onetime tax benefit, PACCAR reported annual adjusted net income of $1.5 billion, the second highest in the company's history. 2017 was PACCAR's 79th consecutive year of generating positive earnings. Last year's results reflect record heavy duty truck market share in the U.S. and Canada, record worldwide after-market parts results and a strong European truck market. PACCAR celebrated many important achievements in 2017. DAF XF and CF trucks earned a prestigious international truck of the year award. Kenworth and Peterbilt achieved record U.S. and Canada Class 8 retail market share of 30.7%. Kenworth and Peterbilt also launched the new PACCAR front and rear axles and the PACCAR automated transmission in North America. The PACCAR engine factory in Mississippi earned the 2017 plant of the year honor from quality magazine. The PACCAR Innovation Center opened in Silicon Valley. PACCAR parts opened new distribution centers in Brisbane, Australia and Panama City, Panama; and is constructing a new PDC in Toronto. DAF was honored as truck brand of the year in Brazil for the second year in a row. PACCAR's fourth quarter sales and financial services revenues were a quarterly record, $5.45 billion and quarterly net income was $589 million including the $173 million onetime tax benefit. Quarterly adjusted net income excluding the onetime tax benefit was $416 million. PACCAR delivered a record 44,300 trucks during the fourth quarter, 10% higher than third quarter deliveries. PACCAR increased its regular quarterly dividend in April last year and declared total annual cash dividends of $2.19 per share including $1.20 per share special dividend declared in December. PACCAR has paid a dividend every year since 1941 and its total dividend yield was an excellent 3.1% at year end. We estimate that PACCAR's 2018 effective tax rate will be 23% to 25% compared to an effective tax rate of approximately 31% prior to the new law. The new U.S. corporate tax rate and accelerated depreciation of machinery and equipment will generate positive cash flow for PACCAR and its customers. We expect first quarter margins to be about 50 basis points higher on similar truck and parts volumes when compared to the fourth quarter last year. And based on our current market assumptions, we expect 2018 full year margins to be comparable to first quarter levels. U.S. and Canada Class 8 truck industry retail sales totaled 218,000 units last year. In 2018, we estimate that the market will be in a range of 235,000 to 265,000 units. The 2018 U.S. and Canada truck market will benefit from U.S. GDP and industrial production growth, as well as greater capital investment resulting from the new U.S. tax law. The European heavy truck market was a robust 306,000 units in 2017 and looking at this year we anticipate that above 16 ton truck market will be another strong year and be in a range of 290,000 to 320,000 vehicles. PACCAR parts generated record pretax profit of $614 million and revenues of $3.3 billion in 2017. These outstanding results were driven by a growing population of PACCAR trucks and engines and investments in technology and distribution centers. For the fourth quarter, PACCAR parts achieved record quarterly revenues of $877 million and record pretax income of $157 million. We expect parts revenues to grow 5% to 8% this year. PACCAR financial services revenues were $332 million in the fourth quarter and pretax income was $73 million. The good results benefited from continuing strong portfolio performance. U.S. Class 8 industry used truck sales volume increased during the quarter. And Kenworth and Peterbilt truck resale values continue to command a 10% to 20% premium over competitor's vehicles. For the full year PACCAR financial services earned pretax income of $264 million. For 2018 PACCAR plans to increase research and development spending to a range of $280 million to $310 million and capital expenditures to a range of $425 million to $475 million. PACCAR is investing in new aerodynamic truck models, integrated power trains including zero emission electric and hydrogen fuel cell technologies, advanced driver assistance in truck connectivity technologies and expanded manufacturing and parts distribution facility. As the company begins its 113th year, we are in an excellent position to lead the industry with the highest quality products and services. Thank you. I'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Steve Volkmann with Jefferies. Your line is open. And your next question comes from Steven Fisher with UBS. Your line is open.
Steven Fisher: Can you give us maybe what the year-over-year contribution was for volume and currency and the quarter on revenue and gross margin? And maybe how you're thinking about the components of what gets you that 50 basis point margin improvement over the course of 2018?
Ronald Armstrong: So let's talk about -- I'll let Michael talk about the revenues and the currency effects but I'll just address the margins. As we look at the first quarter -- the fourth quarter because of the holiday period in North America, Peterbilt and Kenworth have fewer production days, so that had more production days and we have a bit higher margins in North America compared to Europe and so that mix is bit of a unfavorable effect in the fourth quarter and now will be favorable in the first quarter and just other expenses and sort of the customer and product mix in the first quarter is more favorable than what we saw in the fourth quarter.
Michael Barkley: The overall currency effects for the fourth quarter were $142 million, additive to revenue and about $8 million to pretax income.
Steven Fisher: That was foreign currency you said?
Michael Barkley: Yes.
Steven Fisher: And then, I wondered if you could talk about the supply chain here; how is it managing the increased demand for trucks and where are the tightest points that you're seeing at this point? Is it able to meet the wrap up here?
Ronald Armstrong: As we do in our wrap ups, we always work very closely with our suppliers, given a lot of forewarning about our plans and so at this point we don't see any particular challenges in working with suppliers to achieve the market demands that we currently see.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Stephen Volkmann: I just wanted to make sure I understand Ron when you're talking about the margins in the first quarter and for the full year; are you talking EBITDA or gross margin?
Ronald Armstrong: I'm talking about gross margin.
Stephen Volkmann: And then what's discussed just a little on SG&A; should we think about that being sort of flat in dollar terms or will you spend a little bit more there as well -- just your thinking there?
Ronald Armstrong: So if you look at the fourth quarter, that's probably fairly indicative of what our run rate will be for 2018, probably with a little bit of upward pressure because of exchange rates. Year-to-date, exchange rates will be higher in 2018 as they were in 2017.
Stephen Volkmann: And then you talked about sort of spending a little bit more on some drive train integration, electric and all that; how should we think about this kind of longer term over the next kind of three to five years? Are you going to have to sort of spend increasingly larger amounts of R&D and CapEx to kind of get ready for whatever the future looks like I heavy truck or is this sort of a sustainable kind of rate?
Ronald Armstrong: I'd say it's more sustainable. This is with 2021 greenhouse gas submissions, on the horizon, we're investing now for that; so I think we have a pretty clear view of -- this level is probably kind of the sustainable level for the next foreseeable few years.
Stephen Volkmann: Do you have a targeted year for when you think you will have an electric vehicle of any sort ready for the market?
Ronald Armstrong: We'll have it ready when the customer demand is there to support that. We're obviously investing like a lot of companies are in zero emission technologies and as the world evolves and as those vehicles become economical to the customers, that's the point at which we will definitely have a product in the market.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jerry Revich: I'm wondering if you can update us on factory overhead performance in the quarter over the year. You folks have had cost rising to support the production ramp and I'm just wondering how did that evolve for the fourth quarter?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, it was very normal, reflected our billed rates. We got good operating leverage on our factory operations, so I would say it's very normal.
Jerry Revich: And in terms of the drag from that factory overhead ramp, how does that evolve as we think about '18? Is it any easier to ramp from here or where we're thinking about similar drag in terms of factory overhead cost growth in '18 as we saw in '17?
Ronald Armstrong: I think we'll see again, very normal progression, factory overhead will go up as we incremental build rates or come down as we decrement build rates and so all very normal, so I don't have anything else to add to there.
Jerry Revich: And can you talk about the parts business, the price cost dynamic was a headwind on a year-over-year basis for the past few quarters; could you folks turn the corner -- in the fourth quarter you can just talk about the strategy there in terms of why pricing has lagged inflation for parts for you?
Ronald Armstrong: I don't think it's pricing, there are -- we have incentives and because of the great volume, the great programs that our PACCAR parts teams provides, the dealers earned some higher incentive levels that they haven't earned before; so that's reflected but that also is reflected in the fact that we achieved record sales and record profit.
Jerry Revich: And lastly, in terms of the new tax structure; does that impact your thinking in terms of how much excess cash you need on the balance sheets and now you don't have unremitted foreign earnings the way you did under the prior tax jurisdiction; any change to how you're thinking about target levels of cash?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, we'll progress as we progress through this year, we'll become much more smarter each quarter about how this progresses but we do see definitely a favorable benefit. So we'll be thinking about our capital allocation strategy as we go forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joel Tiss with BMO. Your line is now open.
Joel Tiss: So I'm just wondering if you can give us some of the factors like what held back the incremental margins in 2017; just some of the things is it -- have you pretty much optimized all your production or is there something else in there?
Ronald Armstrong: No, the single biggest item Joel was just material cost movement. In 2016 we had a very -- nice favorable material cost movements, 2017 was just the opposite. So they went in different directions year-over-year and so that was probably the single biggest item. And then we launched some new products that had a lot of renewable elements to it so as we launched those products we put our initial accrual rates for warranty and some of the other costs that have slightly higher rates, just to be conservative. Products are performing excellently in the market, so we'll see some benefit of that as we go forward.
Joel Tiss: And I didn't see in the press release here, your market share when you're up; can you give us a sense of what it was?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, 15.3% for the full year and 15.7% in the fourth quarter.
Joel Tiss: And then just last, on the AMT product; is that a PACCAR product or do you buy it from someone else and rebrand it?
Ronald Armstrong: It's rebranded but I would say Joel, it is customized to mesh with our actuals and our MX engines. So it's a unique configuration for our vehicles.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Gilardi with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Ross Gilardi: Ron, I was just curios what you're seeing in and with huge stock pricing are you seeing any recovery there, and if so was it translating at all into better new truck pricing?
Ronald Armstrong: I would say it's stable, the used truck prices have been fairly stable during the second half of the year and as we start into 2018 and I would say that -- I would say the same thing for new truck pricing that is relatively stable.
Ross Gilardi: And any thoughts on the FIMCO [ph], how that would shake out? I mean you got off to -- in 2018 you got off to a weaker start in early 2017 and that was partly due to the weakness in new truck pricing. Should -- do you think you get a little bit of a bump there until we kind of consider this Q4 run rate for earnings kind of -- what we use that for 2018?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, I think -- probably, if you pick an average of the full year, divide that by full year last year and divide that by four, that's probably a fairly indicative run rate, plus or minus for developments during the course of the year.
Ross Gilardi: And then, just start from -- like the state of the UK market, I mean, the UK registrations have been soft, so it's hard to know if that's really indicative of what you guys are experiencing. So did you see a tailing off of momentum or absolute declines in your UK business as the year closed out and expectations the UK for 2018?
Ronald Armstrong: Our team there did a great job, they finished -- when you look at the combined -- above 16 ton and 6 to 16 ton market, they -- for the second year in a row were over 30% share of that market; so our teams do a great job there and we're working closely with our customers for negotiating orders for 2018 and so we expect as the year progresses that the UK market by the time we get through the year will be similar to 2017 levels.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Cook with Crédit Suisse. Your line is open.
Jamie Cook: Two questions; one, on the margin commentary for 2018. You're tweaking your margins down or maybe splitting here as essentially flat versus what you said last quarter for '18 but your industry retail sales forecasts were up so I'm just wondering sort of what's changed; is it just material cost, is it market share -- if you could just talk through why wouldn't the operating leverage be better on higher sales and maybe if you hit the high end of your forecast, how to think about margins? And then my second question; some people are increasingly concerned that as the U.S. truck market continues to be stronger, we continue to raise 2018 industry forecast if that takes away from '19; are you getting more concerned that sort of '18 is the peak of the cycle just given the strength that we're seeing? Thank you.
Ronald Armstrong: No, we were not concerned about the peak, we're obviously working closely with our customers to meet their needs today, tomorrow and whatever those needs are we will be working closely with them to make sure that we meet those and we'll flex to adjust whatever the market demands are and it's a real strength of our company. As we think about margins, there is a lot of factors that can impact 2018 margins, material costs, other factors as we progress through the year; so it's early days, we feel pretty good about the first quarter and we'll see how things develop for the full year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Duignan with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Can you just talk about what kind of impact to expect changes in the U.S. [indiscernible] having your capital allocation strategy? And would you expect to make any changes on your dividend payout which is currently on 50% of net income?
Ronald Armstrong: No, I don't foresee any particular change, obviously that will be a matter for discussion with the board as we discuss things during 2018 but I don't see us making radical changes in our capital allocation approach in our dividend practices.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim [ph] with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: I just wanted to circle back with your comments earlier on pricing; maybe you can just talk a little bit more about the outlook in terms of what you're assuming here in '18 and both in the U.S. and Europe? And I guess somewhat related to that, I'm just thinking from an industry standpoint, here we're approaching 2.5 -- kind of 3 plus year highs in terms of quarterly projected build rates. I'm just curious, what do you think another some changes in terms of potential ownership dissimilar to what we saw in Europe I guess a couple of years back but maybe just what do you think the dynamic is holding back or dynamics that are holding back the pricing opportunity in North America and I guess lesser in Europe? So maybe just some comments there.
Ronald Armstrong: Maybe Tim [ph] can you clarify for me for what you talked about changes in potential ownership. What…
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, just some potential consolidation. You had some ownership change a couple of years ago in Europe by another [indiscernible]. I'm just wondering if there is similar kind of overlay here and potentially North America without naming obvious companies.
Ronald Armstrong: Sure. I mean there is consolidation that goes on sort of continuously in the transportation industry and we work very closely with the predecessor and the successor companies to try and maintain strong relationships and as you know, this is an industry that's built a lot on personal relationships and that's important for us and our teams. As we think about pricing, it's just a competitive market and we price -- believe our customer's needs, we have great trucks that have earned a premium in the marketplace and we work closely to earn our share of the market and we're all about profitable market share and that's our focus and we'll continue to do that. So the competitive environment will dictate what the pricing opportunities will be or not be.
Operator: Your next question comes from Seth Weber with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Seth Weber: I wanted to ask about the strength in the part sales again; I mean is there anything that you could call out there with respect to whether it's the MX engine starting to kick in and just -- is it mid to high single-digit growth rate, the right way to think about this business now going forward is my first question.
Ronald Armstrong: In parts, I think it's a combination of higher truck populations and certainly the increased engine population with MX engines in North America now. The programs that the teams have put together with fleet services, billings, the e-commerce capabilities that we have we're now upto over 130 TRP stores around the globe, the TRP brand; so all those things are elements that contribute to -- I would say above industry growth levels in the parts business and sure we'd hope to be able to continue to build on those but we're focused on continuing to build that business during the course of this year.
Seth Weber: And then just one the -- I think I heard delivery is flat sequentially, 4Q to 1Q; is there any regional color that you could give us there to help?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, I think just because of the workday adjustments there will be slightly higher North America deliveries in the first quarter and slightly lower European deliveries in the first quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Leiker with Baird. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: I enjoyed your booth, so it was good to see a truck company at a talk show [ph].
Ronald Armstrong: Harrie was there. Harrie, what's your comments about that.
Harrie Schippers: Well, we had the nice hydrogen truck there, then our autonomous trucks and -- yes, it got a lot of attraction, lot of positive feedback from everybody who was at the show.
Unidentified Analyst: So I actually wanted to ask about the zero emission truck because it's obviously not new for PACCAR, you've had vehicles imports I think for several years now. What are some of the challenges in getting the existing electric platforms into higher volume applications at existing fleets?
Harrie Schippers: I think the major thing we needed is a breakthrough in battery technology for electric trucks to really scale, really be significant for heavy commercial trucks.
Ronald Armstrong: And then when you think about fuel cell trucks, there is a lot of infrastructure that has to -- hydrogen fuel cell, that has to be developed to support fuel cell technology but all things that we're working with our truck divisions and with some of our suppliers on developing the capabilities to be ready when the demand is right.
Unidentified Analyst: And when we think about breakthroughs in battery technology, is that energy density, is it packaging, is it thermal on a heavy duty application? There is obviously very aggressive forecast for automotive lithium-ion battery technology, what are some of the limitations in taking that into a heavy duty application?
Harrie Schippers: For the heavy duty applications it's way [ph] important because a truck carries lot more than a person, like a passenger car does. And the cost and the range that the truck can operate, those are three things that are much more important for heavy trucks than they are for a car.
Ronald Armstrong: And the packaging on the chassis and on the truck. So I think there is a lot of things that will matter as that technology gets closer to the market.
Harrie Schippers: It will see applications in the smaller trucks for us and it will make its way in the coming years.
Unidentified Analyst: And if you have your crystal ball in the room, five years from now, what sort of value might this be commanding of PACCAR overall?
Ronald Armstrong: That crystal ball is little bit dim right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Nicole DeBlase: I guess on the truck segment, last quarter you guys did 1% positive pricing; did that continue onto 4Q?
Ronald Armstrong: I assume you're getting that from the 10-K or 10-Q.
Nicole DeBlase: That was from the queue, yes.
Ronald Armstrong: I just -- there is a lot of dynamics in those individual line items that impact -- whether it's heavy duty mix, medium duty mix, customer mix; so you've got to look at that total table as one, so it's a little bit difficult to parse into any individual line item.
Nicole DeBlase: So we should just want for that I guess. And then, I guess on what you guys have seen internally with respect to order activity in fourth quarter, so it's been really strong for the whole industry. Just curious about mix, so anything interesting that you're seeing with respect to like day cabs versus sleepers versus vocational vehicles, etcetera?
Ronald Armstrong: No, I think the demand is up in really all segments. I would say that they are probably in terms of percentage growth, maybe a little bit higher demand on the day cab side and we're seeing some of that in the used truck market where the used day cabs have a bit of a benefit compared to what they had been say six months, nine months ago.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andy Casey with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Andrew Casey: Ron, I'm wondering somebody -- could you please discuss how Q4 gross margin performed versus whatever the embedded expectation was in the Q3 call when you gave volume growth, it ended up being a little bit higher; I'm wondering if the margin was a little bit lower and if so, was that -- well, was it lower?
Ronald Armstrong: I don't remember exactly what we said but as you look at third quarter versus fourth quarter, part of what we saw was the fact that fourth quarter had higher deliveries in Europe versus North America which again a bit of a dampening effect on overall margins. And there were some impacts of customer and model mix in terms of the products that got sold, the customers that we sold to, and we talked a little bit about the fact that fourth quarter was a record sales period for the parts business and the good news is we had to pay slightly higher incentives but that -- the incentives really helped spur on the additional volume and profitability.
Andrew Casey: And then I guess a pretty step back from the shorter term; I'm wondering if the company has changed how it balances kind of short-term truck margin versus longer term total margin growth or profit growth potential -- that could be driven by increased engine population in the field that could sport higher after-market sales in the future?
Ronald Armstrong: I don't think there is anything fundamentally that's changed about how we think about operating leverage and margin enhancement, some years, quarters, things go your way like material costs, sometimes they don't. So -- but I think long-term we still have a similar perspective on how we thought about margins and operating leverage overtime.
Andrew Casey: And then, I know you suggested no new pricing right now is pretty stable at North America; I'm just wondering if you're seeing any of the typical forward signals that could suggest pricing could start to improve during 2018?
Ronald Armstrong: As we sit here today, pricing is fairly stable.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Raso with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Raso: The margins -- I'm just trying to get a feel for the fourth quarter, the price cost that was incurred and what's your price cost assumption for 2018? I mean, when you pull up a currency, the gross margin was 14 -- a year ago you pull out currency, the gross margins are 14.7. So just to see the gross margins down even ex-currency, in North America it's 51% of deliveries this quarter, a year ago fourth quarter they were only 42; so I thought that would be a positive mix. So I'm just trying to digest; A) how painful was the price cost in the fourth quarter and what are you expecting for the next year to kind of come up from this level and then maintain?
Ronald Armstrong: So as I mentioned before, the key differences are the mix between Europe and North America in terms of volume.
David Raso: And I apologize, I'm talking year-over-year; year-over-year North America deliveries were 51% of the total, they were only 42% a year ago. So the mix is positive year-over-year but the margins ex-currency was down, that's all, it's a plain cost issue, I'm just trying to reconcile.
Ronald Armstrong: I don't know what currency numbers you're using and how you're getting those. All I can just tell us is that when you look at fourth quarter '17 versus fourth quarter '16, you have the effects of material cost movements with the single biggest factor beneficial in '16, challenging in '17, the parts incentives had a bit of an impact and those are sort of the two biggest factors and as you look forward into next year, those sort of tend to reverse and you've got the European and North American mix favorable as we get into the first quarter.
David Raso: And just to be clear, maybe I misheard you. I thought early you did give us the currency impact for the quarter, it was $142 million for revs and $8 million for profit. So…
Ronald Armstrong: And that's for the total company, total revenues, total profitability, truck parts, finance, etcetera.
David Raso: But again, just on clear price cost next year, what's the basis, is it neutral after this year negative or '17 a negative; just to make sure we understand the puts and takes.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, say at this point we're probably thinking about it neutrally.
Operator: Your next question comes from the Mike [ph] with Seaport Global.
Unidentified Analyst: I wanted to touch on the used truck market again, it's certainly great of course that your brands have good value retention overtime and get solid pricing but if [indiscernible] 2018 for new truck sales, there is a risk that the supply of trading's from the -- on the used side rises as we go through 2018 and that pricing could come down a bit? And can you give us little more color as to what PACCAR has done trying to work with their dealers since the last time we had high inventories on the used side to kind of keep the impact small going forward?
Ronald Armstrong: As we think about used trucks I mean we're seeing good demand from used trucks as we sit here today. And no reason to indicate that no reason to indicate that that's not going to continue for the near-term. We've done a lot of things to support our ability to handle greater volumes of used trucks, we built a new used truck center in Chicago area that's been open now just about a year, we're just opening another used truck facility in the Los Angeles area, in Montana. So we continue to enhance our internal abilities and obviously, we've always worked very closely with our dealers on the distribution of used trucks through the market; so we've done a lot of things to enhance our capabilities over the last several years.
Unidentified Analyst: And then secondly, just on parts; can you tell us how many TRP part store is open during the quarter and how far along are you to fill buildout to what you're hoping to do globally?
Ronald Armstrong: I don't know how many during the quarter, I know we finished over 120 at year end and we're over 130 as we sit here today. I don't think we have a view of what full population is and just as we continue to add dealer locations for Peterbilt, Kenworth, DAF; we'll add locations for TRP to meet market demands as they develop. So there is no end number or end game in sight, it's just continue to take advantage of distributing parts to all the areas that we can support our customers.
Unidentified Analyst: Can I understand -- I mean, is that a big piece of the 5% to 8% growth you've got planned for parts in 2018? Are there additional locations planned with first stock ups coming here or is it -- is the best start for your growth for ;18 organic parts growth?
Ronald Armstrong: I'd say it's a combination of both. I think it's the programs, it's the population of vehicles and it's TRP expansion.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Baudendistel with Stifel. Your line is open.
Michael Baudendistel: I just wanted to ask you if you have any preliminary expectations for Class 8 market share in 2018; I mean does the decline from where it was in 2017, if there is a big shift from vocational trucks to sales to large fleet?
Ronald Armstrong: Our teams will -- they have worked very hard over the years to develop the market share. When I started with the company 24 years ago, Peterbilt and Kenworth had a combined share of 21% and over the 24 years they've been able to increment that to 25%, 28% and now they have 30%. And so our view is to continue to develop the best trucks in the market, provide the best value for our customers and organically grow our share profitably and our primary markets, so that will be our focus for 2018 as well.
Michael Baudendistel: And I also wanted to ask you is there anything we should be thinking about in terms of the mix impact of TRP, I mean if TRP consists of a larger portion of your total parts business that's add a drag on margins and parts at all?
Ronald Armstrong: No, it's -- in terms of the percentage it's in the 10% to 15% of total sales range and so I don't see it being a major factor in parts margins.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe [ph] with Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: First question is just on build rates, and are you currently building to the kind of volumes that you expect in 2018 or do you think that there is still some upward move in where you build this to -- kind of a midpoint of your expectations?
Ronald Armstrong: As we have progressed into 2018, we have taken some additional build rate increases, both in North America and Europe to support demand and so we'll maintain that as long as the demand is there.
Unidentified Analyst: And then a quarter ago you talked about this sort of 14% to 15% gross margin range, it looks like initial expectations for '18 or that kind of be in the middle of that range. There are industry forecasts out there with volumes, particularly North America well above where it were you or currently. If we think about the market may be turning closer to those expectations versus yours, how do you think about the operating leverage on that? Would that mean gross margin closer to the higher end of the range or there are reasons why we shouldn't anticipate some leverage on that?
Ronald Armstrong: As I mentioned, earlier there is a lot of factors that impact that overall margin outcome and we feel really good about what we're seeing and expecting for the first quarter, the rest of year -- there could be opportunities, we'll just have to see how the year develops.
Operator: Your next question comes from Neil Frohnapple with Buckingham Research. Your line is open.
Neil Frohnapple: Ron, can you give us more granularity on the outlook for the European above 16 ton market for this year? What are the drivers that get you kind of the higher end of the range and then conversely the lower end? And as a follow-up, can you share anything regarding the trends in your order for DAF, like you've done in prior quarters?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, orders for DAF have been very strong. We look at fourth quarter compared to the second or fourth quarter, I think they are up about 27%. So as I mentioned, we've taken some additional plans to increase our build rate this quarter and so it's going to be dependent on the market, you look at the freight activity in Germany; in the month of December I think the activity was up 6%, and for the full year up about 4%, so we enter the beginning of this year with strong freight activity. DAF obviously has a great product, just won truck of the year in the fourth quarter and those products provide upto 7% improved fuel efficiency, so it's a great value proposition for the customers if the customers haven't bought trucks for four or five years, today's trucks is double-digit improvement in terms of operating efficiency. So there is a lot of reason for customers to purchase new vehicles, take advantage of the lower operating cost.
Neil Frohnapple: And then Ron, given the outlook for North America heavy duty industry production that continue to increase this year and it sounds like you guys have already increased your daily build rate; as we begin to close in on the recent peak 2015 levels does PACCAR have enough capacity in its factories to support this level of demand or if the market continues to in fact higher considering where your market share is today versus just a few years ago?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, we definitely do and we continue to monitor that and make the investments. As you know, we completed the West [ph] paint facility in Europe last year which basically increased the capacity of our paint operations in Europe by about 50% and we continue to monitor those capacity factors and make the investments. So in our capital plans this year or next year, we'll continue to look at that not just for our factories but obviously we're looking at that for our parts distribution activities as well, we're building the new PDC in Toronto and we're looking at some additional investments on the parts side to continue to support our customers with their truck up time.
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, we'd like to thank everyone for their participation, and thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-24 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Hastings - Director, IR Ronald Armstrong - CEO and Director Harrie Schippers - CFO and EVP
Analysts: Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies LLC Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Joel Tiss - BMO Capital Markets Nicole DeBlase - Deutsche Bank AG Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities David Raso - Evercore ISI David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank Robert Wertheimer - Melius Research Michael Baudendistel - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company Neil Frohnapple - The Buckingham Research Group Jamie Cook - Crédit Suisse AG
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Today's call is being recorded, and if anyone has an objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Ron Armstrong, Chief Executive Officer; Harrie Schippers, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Barkley, Senior Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls, we ask that any members of the media on the line participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions, that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Ron Armstrong.
Ronald Armstrong: Good morning. PACCAR achieved excellent revenues and earnings for the third quarter of 2017. PACCAR's third quarter sales and Financial Services revenues were $5.1 billion, and third quarter net income was $403 million, a strong 8% after-tax return on revenues. PACCAR achieved excellent Truck, Parts and Other gross margins of 14.5%, driven by growing Kenworth and Peterbilt market share in North America, a robust European truck market and record aftermarket parts results. Kenworth and Peterbilt's year-to-date Class 8 market share in the U.S. and Canada was 30.1%, more than 2 percentage points higher than in the same period last year. DAF is currently producing trucks at record build rates in its Eindhoven factory. I'm very proud of our 25,000 employees who have delivered the world's highest quality trucks, parts and financial services to our customers worldwide. PACCAR delivered 40,200 trucks during the third quarter, 2% higher than the second quarter. Increased build rates in North America, Australia and Brazil were partially offset by fewer build days in Europe due to the regular summer shutdown. Next quarter, we're expecting 7% to 9% higher deliveries compared to the third quarter due to increased production in Europe. Deliveries will be slightly lower in North America due to regularly scheduled holidays. Truck, Parts and Other gross margins in the fourth quarter are forecast to be down slightly from the third quarter due to a higher mix of truck sales compared to parts. The U.S. economy is expanding 2% to 2.5% this year. We expect U.S. housing starts will grow to 1.2 million units, and the automotive industry will deliver nearly 17 million vehicles. We've raised our estimate of retail sales for this year's U.S. and Canadian Class 8 truck market to a range of 210,000 to 220,000 units. For 2018, economists are forecasting continued GDP growth of 2% to 3%, an increase in housing starts of 7% and another strong year of auto sales. Industrial production is also expected to expand 2% to 3% next year. We head toward 2018 with positive momentum in the U.S. economy and the truck industry. We estimate U.S. and Canadian Class 8 truck industry retail sales will increase to a range of 220,000 to 250,000 units in 2018. We've raised our 2017 forecast for Europe's greater than 16-tonne market to a range of 300,000 to 310,000 units, reflecting continued strong demand and a growing economy. The eurozone's GDP growth expectation for this year is 2.1%, with 2018 projected at a similar level. Freight transport activity on German highways is at record levels, up 4% this year. We expect that 2018 European heavy truck market to have another excellent year in a range of 280,000 to 310,000 units. PACCAR's Parts business generated record quarterly revenues of $840 million. Parts quarterly pretax income was a record $153 million, with an excellent pretax return on revenue of 18.2%. The growing number of PACCAR trucks and engines in operation and increased sales of TRP All Makes parts drove these results. We're pleased to have opened the 100th TRP store during the quarter. TRP stores expand PACCAR's aftermarket opportunity by selling more parts to the second and third owners of All Makes of trucks. PACCAR Financial Services third quarter pretax income increased 13% to $71 million compared to $63 million in the second quarter this year. The portfolio, which was a record $13.1 billion this quarter, continued to perform very well. U.S. Class 8 industry used truck sales volumes increased during the quarter. Kenworth and Peterbilt truck resale values continue to command a 10% to 20% premium over competitors' vehicles. PACCAR is increasing its investments in delivering new products and technologies as reflected in the recent introduction of the new PACCAR automated transmission, the new DAF XF and CF vocational trucks and new DAF LF vehicles. We estimate capital spending of $400 million to $450 million and R&D expenses of $260 million to $270 million this year. In 2018, we're planning for increased capital investments of $425 million to $475 million and increased R&D expenses of $270 million to $300 million. These investments will enhance PACCAR's integrated powertrain, deliver advanced driver assistance and truck connectivity technologies and add additional capacity and efficiency to the company's manufacturing and parts distribution facilities. To expand our technology and industry leadership, PACCAR is investing in technologies that may take several years to commercialize. A current example of our advanced driver assistance systems investments is a truck platooning trial that begins early next year in the U.K. PACCAR is also a leader in alternative powertrains. Kenworth and Peterbilt are market leaders in the North American natural gas truck segment, and we're currently testing electric powertrains in PACCAR trucks as well. While we think it will be some time before electric trucks become a sizable segment of annual industry sales, there could be an opportunity in certain applications in the medium term. PACCAR knows from experience that customers adopt technology when it provides a financial return for their businesses or is mandated by government regulations. Our focus is to always offer transportation solutions with industry-leading technologies that maximize our customers' operating efficiency. Thank you. I'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question will come from the line of Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: I'm wondering if you could talk about the expanded product lineup that you folks are delivering in Europe. How should we think about the production learning curve for you folks? Any productivity changes that we should be thinking about? And the overall margin profile of the product line as you ramp it through the factories, anything we should keep in mind for the sequential margin outlook?
Ronald Armstrong: No. The transition of production to the new CF, XF and soon the LF vehicles, that's all gone very well. So production ramp-up has gone without any challenges. And so we're moving into the next phase with the vocational trucks and getting ready to transition with the new LFs. So all that has gone very well. Yes, Harrie has some thoughts here. Just a second.
Harrie Schippers: The production started already in June. And like Ron said, the ramp-up had been pretty smooth. The trucks offer 7% better fuel economy and lots of other benefits for our customers and have been extremely well received.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes.
Jerry Revich: Okay. And normally, when you folks do a new product rollout, there's typically a higher level of automation. And is that the case here as well from a manhours-per-unit standpoint that we should keep in mind?
Ronald Armstrong: I think one of the great things that is just coming online is not necessarily tied to the launch of the new products, is the Westerlo cab paint shop, which does have the latest state-of-the-art paint robotic applications in the industry. So it's a fantastic plant. If you ever get a chance to go to Europe and visit DAF's facilities, that would be certainly be a stop because it does have state-of-the-art robotics and the quality and the finish of the products is great.
Jerry Revich: And Ron, at the end of your prepared remarks, you mentioned electric truck is coming into focus for select applications. Can you talk about how we should be thinking about the margin profile for you folks on electric trucks versus diesel-powered trucks? Anything we should keep in mind? And then from a parts standpoint, I guess there's concern about wider maintenance intervals. And I'm wondering how are you folks thinking about possible offsets. And appreciating that it's a small market subset where that product would make sense, but just conceptually, if you could touch on that.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, Jerry. As I mentioned, I think that the commercialization of that is several years away, probably outside a reasonable planning window for any significant adoption. Battery packs are still very large, they're heavy, they're expensive. And so there's really -- while we need to be ready for that technology, the commercial viability of that has some ways to go. So I don't think that's going to be something that we're going to be factoring into thoughts about margins, et cetera, in the near term. I think it's a midterm technology that we'll see. And first, it will be in vehicles -- the smaller vehicles and vehicles that aren't in the mainstream like, say, port applications or refuse trucks, something like that.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jamie Cook of Crédit Suisse.
Jamie Cook: I guess a couple of questions. You noted -- obviously, PACCAR historically has been -- is a company to sort of invest in technology for your customers. And you gave your R&D and CapEx outlook for '18. But given some of the changes in the truck industry, whether it's EV or platooning, autonomous, I mean, is that a potential headwind to margins, sort of like we shouldn't think about you guys being able -- in the near term or at least in the next 12 to 24 months delivering sort of what we would view as a normalized incremental margin? And then if you could talk to what that normalized incremental margin would be. And then I guess my second question is on just what you're seeing -- I think there's some concern going into '18 on whether or not the big fleets do come in and actually start to order. So can you just talk about, when you think about '18, will the customer base be big fleets? Will it be more broad-based, vocational, small guys, big guys? Just sort of what you're hearing from the customers in the U.S.?
Ronald Armstrong: Okay. Let's talk about technology. Obviously, we've just opened our office in Silicon Valley. And so we have a lot of relationships before we opened the office, and we'll continue to build relationships for future technologies in the areas of connectivity, advanced driver assistance systems, including autonomous, electrification. All those things are things that we're involved with currently and will continue to be involved with. I don't see that will impact -- we are projecting that our R&D spend will go up somewhat next year, but in terms of gross margins, I don't see that being a factor in the near term at all. With respect to customers, the feedback from discussions with customers is, I think, pretty optimistic about their prospects, what they're seeing in terms of demand and, more recently, some favorable freight pricing. So what we're hearing from customers is generally positive, at least orders as high as last year. I think it will continue to be dominated by the on-highway fleet guys, but vocational is very good. There's lots of construction in certain parts of the country. And if there is an infrastructure plan that gets implemented, that will bode well for the demand for vocational trucks as we start next year as well.
Jamie Cook: Okay. So just to be clear though, the investment will not impact -- we should think about normalized incremental margins for PACCAR going forward?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Ross Gilardi of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ross Gilardi: Just a couple of questions. First, just on the finco and how it relates to used truck prices. I mean, used pricing seems to be firming a little bit. Do you think that translates into higher new equipment pricing anytime soon? I mean, there seems to be a lot of competition on new products out there. Or do we just sort of meander around this flattish pricing environment for new trucks for a while?
Ronald Armstrong: What we've seen is relatively steady pricing. And at this market level, I think that's what we're anticipating from a pricing standpoint. You're correct about the used truck market there. Prices are firming. And I think most of our guys and the folks we talk with feel like that used truck prices have bottomed and are stabilizing and have some upside. On the used truck side, we're starting now to see more of our newer model trucks being returned off lease, so that's a positive sign that we'll see over the next 12 to 18 months.
Ross Gilardi: Got it. And then just on Parts, I mean, your longer-term growth rate, I think you would agree, is closer to kind of mid-single digits, maybe 6%. And you've clearly been running well ahead of that this year. Do you think you see a slowdown in 2018? Or does it feel like this above-trend growth in Parts will continue for at least a couple more quarters?
Ronald Armstrong: For now, we're thinking that next year is somewhere in the 3% to 5% range for Parts revenue growth for next year, but we'll see how it develops. Obviously, the demand is there. We're continuing to add dealer location. Our team has got great programs and really making it easier all the time for our dealers and customers to do business with PACCAR Parts. We're adding distribution capability. We're just starting the construction of a new facility in Toronto, and we'll continue to increment our distribution capability in the coming months and years. So we feel good about the prospects. And right now, 3% to 5% is our thinking about next year globally.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Stephen Volkmann of Jefferies.
Stephen Volkmann: Just can we go back to pricing for a second? I mean, I'm curious because, historically, once we get above sort of mid-cycle in the U.S., we start to think about maybe having a little bit of opportunity to get a little price. And I guess I'm just not sure with all the new products and the competition and so forth. Do we still think that's potentially possible? Or is that not so much on the table?
Ronald Armstrong: I think as we sit here today, I mean, it's a great product to offer, but we have competitors in the market. And so we're going to be able to earn what the customer is willing to pay. And so at this point, pricing feels like it's a pretty steady proposition in both Europe and North America.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay, good. And then I think you mentioned gross margin's down slightly in the fourth quarter. Historically, if you look back, the SG&A sort of kicks up a little bit in the fourth quarter. I guess there's some year-end true-up things or not. Should we expect that this year as well? Is there any trend there to call out just as we think about the fourth quarter?
Ronald Armstrong: I think we're pretty sort of focused on the dollars. And so I would think the dollars will be pretty comparable to third quarter levels. So I don't see any significant increase in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Ann Duignan of JPMorgan.
Ann Duignan: Can you talk a little bit about 2018, your guidance? Can you just break out maybe the segments, the sleeper segment versus the Class 8 straight versus day cabs? Anything different by any segment that you're anticipating for 2018 versus '17?
Ronald Armstrong: No, I'd say segment-wise, I think we anticipate similar mix of our sales to what we've seen in 2017, which is in Europe, DAF continues to be a industry leader in the tractor segment, continues to focus on growing their vocational volumes. And the new trucks that they've just launched will enhance their capability in that arena. And in North America, I think we anticipate that the growth in the market will come in really all segments, both the on-highway as well as some vocational. So I don't see any particular segment mix or customer mix sort of affecting our sales next year.
Ann Duignan: Okay. I appreciate the color. That's helpful. And then you forecast U.S., Canada. Any difference U.S. versus Canada? And then do you have an outlook for Mexico so we can kind of square back to NAFTA?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. So I think if you look at this year, U.S. is probably flat to maybe a little bit down year-over-year, but Canada has bounced back. The Canadian market this year is stronger than it was in 2016. I think next year, I think, we expect the U.S. will be the area where a lot of the growth will occur for U.S. and Canada. And Mexico, it should be another good year in Mexico, expect the market to be comparable. Election years in Mexico sometimes have a little bit of an uptick because of some of the stimulus that gets added to the economy. So that could be a potential upside for Mexico next year.
Ann Duignan: Unless NAFTA is cancelled, I presume?
Ronald Armstrong: Excuse me?
Ann Duignan: Unless NAFTA is cancelled?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. Yes, I don't have any perspective on that, and I don't think that makes any sense, but...
Ann Duignan: Agreed. And then just on your -- the same kind of mix discussion, U.K. registration is down significantly this past month. Any change in mix there? Any perceived market share loss for DAF? Just U.K. slows, it's a decent market for DAF. If you could comment on that for 2018, that would be great.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. Harrie's got some thoughts on that.
Harrie Schippers: So Ann, if we look at the U.K. market for us, registrations year-to-date are exactly the same as they were last year. Market share is up 0.1%. We're above 30% market share, still continue to be market leaders in the U.K. And also orders year-to-date are at the same level as they were last year. So we haven't seen that softening in the U.K. that some people talked about.
Ann Duignan: So orders flat year-to-date despite just last month's anomaly, then registration is down 20%?
Harrie Schippers: Yes, it is flat. In the month of September, it was a little bit lower, but year-to-date, it's at the same level as it was last year. So September is always a big month with new license plates, so we got some fluctuations in that month typically. But year-to-date, we're at the same level.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Seth Weber of RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber: I guess a similar question to what Ann just asked. I'm trying to back into your 7% to 9% delivery growth sequentially 4Q versus 3Q. And it seems to imply a pretty strong ramp -- well, it does imply a strong ramp in Europe. I mean, are there market share gains that are embedded in that number for the fourth quarter versus the third quarter? I'm just trying to figure out how to get to that 7% to 9% growth sequentially.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, Seth. The big thing is that DAF has a 2-week shutdown during the third quarter, and plus they're building on basically a single shift during a couple weeks before and after that shutdown period. And they're building about 1,000 trucks a week, so that really is the big, big element. And DAF has increased their production somewhat for the fourth quarter. So the combination of those is really -- the really big effect is the absence of the shutdown days from the third quarter.
Seth Weber: But it looks like it's going to be up year-over-year as well pretty nicely.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, I think it will be. Probably 10% or so would be my guess.
Seth Weber: Right, okay. And is that share gains? I mean I don't think the market is up that much though, right?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. So one of the things that has been beneficial for DAF is the fact that there's more sales this year outside of Europe, the European truck registration market. So you look at what we're selling into Russia, selling into the Indian region and South America, into Australia, into Africa, so all those things have supplemented DAF's build rate during the course of this year.
Seth Weber: Okay, that's helpful. I appreciate that. And then just a follow-up question. I think people are trying to kind of get at this, but maybe just coupling together some of the questions that have been asked about for next year for pricing and mix and whatnot, incremental margins. I mean, in this area where volumes are up next year, would you expect gross margin to be up next year?
Ronald Armstrong: Right now, I guess I would say I expect gross margin for next year to be comparable to what we're seeing in 2017 at the market size estimates we've provided. I would say that if you look at the build rates for DAF and Peterbilt and Kenworth where they're currently at, if those build rates were able to be sustained for all of next year, the markets would probably be at the upper end of our estimates that we've provided for 2018.
Seth Weber: Okay. So something in the kind of mid-14%, I think your...
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, mid-14%, yes, plus or minus.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Joel Tiss of BMO Capital Markets.
Joel Tiss: I wonder, maybe you can fuss it up for the whole industry. But is there expected to be another increment to fuel efficiency as we go into 2019?
Ronald Armstrong: Well, I think a big increase in fuel efficiency came with the engines that were launched this year. So DAF, 7% was a combination of fuel efficiency gains from the engine as well as aerodynamics of the enhanced vehicle features. And Peterbilt and Kenworth had a 4%, 5% increase at the beginning of this year with the model year '17 engine. So the next big increment, I think, will be in the 2020, 2021 time frame as we continue on the path of working on the 2021 greenhouse gas regulations. But there'll be ongoing increments each year as we have to get certified each year and we continue to make investments in the capability of our hardware. But even more importantly is the capability of our software. So we're investing a lot more in our company today in software capability, software development for engine programming, truck control units and the integration of all that into a solid system. So that's where you're going to see some of the gains in the coming years, is that continuous improvement in the integration of all elements of the truck and the powertrain.
Joel Tiss: And then your market share of orders seems to be running noticeably ahead of your reported market share, your market share of deliveries. And I guess that's not enough to get you to be a little closer to where kind of industry forecasts are for 2018. Do you still think it's prudent to be on the conservative side?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. I think we're reasonably conservative at this point. And we haven't started the year and we're trying to predict what next year is going to be. I think we feel confident it will be a better year. And we'll see, as the year goes on, how it progresses.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Nicole DeBlase of Deutsche Bank.
Nicole DeBlase: So my first question is just around Brazil, what you're seeing there and I guess the expectation for that region as we move into 2018.
Ronald Armstrong: Well, our team was just at the Fenatran truck show last week. And I would say the optimism of the industry and our team is good as we enter 2018. We've seen an increased quoting activity in the market. We've increased our build rates as we've progressed through this year, and we'll start next year at even higher build rates. So the market is recovering. We just launched a new truck for heavy haul applications in agricultural industry. And so that is going to give us some additional product capability in the market. So we're pretty bullish about what the near term looks like for Brazil in terms of being on the road to recovery and taking advantage of that and continuing to grow our share in that market.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay. That's helpful. And then just thinking about material costs. How much of a headwind was that to your truck margins this quarter? And how do you think about the headwind to material costs into next year since commodity costs have continued to move higher?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. It's been a bit of a headwind. Last year, we enjoyed some benefits, a bit of a tailwind, if you will. And this year has been a bit of a headwind. But I see next year -- again, it's not a significant effect. We do have the long-term agreements with our customers -- our suppliers, excuse me, that allow us to work those in ratably and work those into our pricing into the market. So I don't see it being a significant item as we go into next year.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Andy Casey of Wells Fargo Securities.
Andrew Casey: Can you talk about the engine penetration in North America? Did that remain stable? Or did it improve?
Ronald Armstrong: It's actually down just slightly. And when you compare our penetration this year to last year, we offer our customers the PACCAR option and the Cummins option. Cummins is a great, great partner of ours. And so it really depends a lot on who's ordering at a particular given time, but we continue to enjoy great success with the engine. It's very well received by the customers, and we continue to work on getting increased penetration. So I'd say just down slightly a little bit this year compared to last year.
Andrew Casey: Okay. And then within the Financial Services segment, provisions appeared to come down a little bit sequentially, and that's good. I'm just wondering what drove the improvement. And was there any regional concentration behind that?
Ronald Armstrong: Andy, that portfolio is performing great and has for really post 2010. And so any movement in those provisions typically has to do with the amount of the assets that we have. But the amount of actual credit losses that we're seeing are pretty isolated. And there's no indication that the customers' ability to pay is going to be affected anytime soon with pretty robust transportation markets in all the markets where we're doing financing at this point.
Andrew Casey: Okay, Ron. And then just an industry question specific to North America. I'm just wondering if you've seen any irrational price discounting going on given one of your competitors has a stated goal of trying to recover some share that they've lost over the years.
Ronald Armstrong: No, I don't think we've seen that. We've been able to -- we have a great value proposition for our customers' with our products, with the aftermarket support that we provide, with parts and really supporting the uptime of our customers, great financing product. So I think the total package -- I mean we still are able to earn a premium with the quality of all the things that we provide our customers. So we've not seen anything -- there's always the isolated instance or isolated deal or somebody may do something that you scratch your head about, but that's no general trend.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of David Raso of Evercore ISI.
David Raso: Quick question. I know you don't run the company for the stock, and the stock kind of broke out of that 60s range. Now we're in the 70s. But I am trying to reconcile -- are we saying next year there's no operating leverage? I'm just trying to reconcile -- look, obviously, with the earnings power here, the idea is, as we get a little further in the cycle, you get some price-cost to your benefit, you get some leverage and we can be talking about $5 of earnings next year, on its way to maybe $5.50-plus. But when there's no operating leverage, that puts a lot of pressure on the U.S., Canadian market, just given the European market is at a high historical level. And I'm just trying to make sure we leave this call understanding you're comfortable saying next year gross margins are similar to this year. I mean, why is there no operating leverage in the model at all? Is it again costs going up for technology and so forth? Just so we're on the same page. I'm a little disappointed that your gross margin's similar next year to this year.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. I think that's our current assessment. I mean, there's obviously some upside potential as we progress through the year. We'll see how that develops. So right now, we're thinking 14.5%, plus or minus, from there. And so the factories -- we've made some great investments. The factories are operating very efficiently. And we'll see how pricing develops during the course of the year. So I think somewhere between that 14% to 15% range is sort of where we think things will develop as we progress.
David Raso: I mean, given the lead times and so forth. And look I appreciate competitive dynamics. But in your backlog today, how far does your U.S., Canadian business project out orders already on hand? How many months into next year? And is the pricing better in that backlog than we were shipping over the last, say, 6 months?
Ronald Armstrong: No. Typically, the extended backlog is longer-term buyers, fleet buyers. And so what fills in, in the shorter term is the stocking trucks, the smaller customers. And the margins in the backlog are generally consistent with what we're building currently.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of David Leiker of Robert W. Baird.
David Leiker: A couple of things. I had another gross profit margin question but a little bit different. You made some comments early on about the -- I believe it's about the gross profit margin in Q3. I'm just curious with the revenue gains -- and maybe this is tied to what David was just saying, with the revenue gains you saw in this quarter, that didn't really drive any gross margin profit improvement.
Ronald Armstrong: So you're talking about compared to the third quarter of last year?
David Leiker: Last year, yes. Revenues are up 20%, and gross profit's down 20 basis points.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. So I think there, you've got the higher mix of trucks. You do have a bit of material cost headwind, and we continue to see some of the currency impacts with the British pound versus the euro and the Mexican peso. So those are just things that impact the margins, but we continue to work through those. And the opportunities for us to continue to grow the business, continue to generate good returns for our shareholders, we see those as -- continue to be consistent with what we've achieved in the past with respect to incremental margin.
David Leiker: Yes. I knew you mentioned it earlier. I've missed it so thanks for catching me up on that. On the aftermarket, with the TRP brand, obviously, you're growing faster there than what the market's growing. Where do you think those share gains are coming from?
Ronald Armstrong: I would guess they're coming from warehouse distributors, would be where I would think we get most of our upside with our TRP brand and the ability to service and have greater access to second and third owners of really All Makes of trucks.
David Leiker: And do you think those are coming from other private labels or from branded products?
Ronald Armstrong: I mean, obviously, whatever the warehouse distributor -- they're distributing, there are some private labels and vendor stuff. And so we're getting better access to that customer base than what we've had previously when you're just going through the Peterbilt or Kenworth or DAF dealer network.
David Leiker: Yes. And then just one last here. Thanks for the insight into next year. We've had a pretty strong market here or pretty high volumes. Do you have any -- what are the signs? What are you watching, the signposts that this market's getting too long in the tooth and you start to batten down a little bit and hunker down for tough times ahead? What are those signs that you'd be looking for?
Ronald Armstrong: Well, I mean, just ongoing discussions with customers, with dealers and order activity is the sign that tells us how things are going. And so order activity is aligned with the market estimates that we've provided.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Steven Fisher of UBS.
Steven Fisher: Could you just give us some color on levels of used inventories on the PACCAR lots or stores that were opened in last year or so to deal with the excess used inventories that we're starting to build up?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. So our used truck inventory has declined progressively throughout this year. And so as we end the third quarter, we're at our lowest level of used trucks that we've had. So we're well positioned with a good level of inventory to sell into the market, both out of our retail sales locations as well as through our dealers. So we're right where we feel we need to be with respect to used truck inventories.
Steven Fisher: Okay, great. And then can you just talk some more about the mix in parts margin this quarter? I would have thought that the margins would have been helped by the volumes that you had. I don't know if there's any particular drag from opening more stores and if you get a better margin once you have that expansion.
Ronald Armstrong: No, I think it's typically -- parts margins are typically driven by the mix of the product lines that we might sell during any given period, so proprietary versus vendor versus TRP versus PACCAR genuine. So there's lots of different levels of parts. And typically, the margin movement is affected more by mix than sales prices or material cost movement.
Steven Fisher: So how is your mix this quarter relative to what it's been?
Ronald Armstrong: I don't have those figures in front of me, I'm sorry.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Rob Wertheimer of Melius Research.
Robert Wertheimer: I had a question. I mean, I kind of agree with all your sentiments on the time frame on electrification of trucks, which obviously is going to take a number of years. I'm curious what your customers are telling you. As you're going out there and doing research and figuring out how urgently you need to think about developing products or whatever, are there segments -- I mean, is it only medium-duty customers that are interested? Or is it only ports where you've got restriction, obviously restrictions on emissions? Do you think that the long-haul stuff makes little sense to me, but maybe you're hearing it from them. So I'm just curious what portion of your customers in various segments are really interested in the developments?
Ronald Armstrong: I think all segments are interested. But I think when you look at the economic reality, the smaller the vehicle, the more likely that technology has application. So it's just going to be a while. There needs to be a breakthrough in battery technology for that really to be commercially viable for -- the higher up you go in the truck market. So I think everybody is interested. Everybody wants to know what we're doing, and we've got a lot of things that we're exploring. But the economic viability, as it stands today, like I say, it's more midterm than it is near term.
Robert Wertheimer: Okay. And then could you give a quick update on Russia, which has been boom and bust and where you've had success in previous years?
Ronald Armstrong: Good market. This year, DAF has been able to increase its share up on the 15% range from 11% or 12% in some of the prior years. We have good dealer representation, good support for the product. So it's a good market and one that we're taking advantage of as it currently sits.
Robert Wertheimer: Does that need -- I mean, it's been so volatile. I mean does that -- could that stay high for another 2, 3 years? Or is there any signs of saturation? And maybe more broadly in Europe on used trucks or the flow of used trucks or however you guys measure it, because the trade cycles are a little bit different, does it still look healthy, not just orders but the -- those Eastern markets where some of the trucks go?
Harrie Schippers: A market like Russia is a lot stronger this year than it was last year. Historically, it's still at pretty low level. It's not back to the levels where it was several years ago. And it's a market for Euro 5 trucks. Our DAF trucks performed very well there. The customers liked the quality, the fuel efficiency, and our share has grown from -- to a level of around 15% year-to-date in that market. So really, really good story there for DAF in Russia.
Robert Wertheimer: Great. And any comment at all on just how you think about, I guess it was asked before, cycle indicators on used trucks in Europe, whether we can stay up here at these levels for a while longer, whether there's any hint of saturation in trucks being absorbed by the second buyers wherever they are?
Ronald Armstrong: I mean, used truck market is pretty steady, I guess I'd say. Again, one of the positive aspects that DAF and PACCAR Financial in Europe will experience is the fact that starting next year and on for the coming years, that there'll be more and more of the Euro 6 product that will be coming back off lease, coming in on trades. And we'll have the newer models to sell in the used truck market. So overall demand at this point and pricing seems to be pretty steady.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Mike Baudendistel of Stifel.
Michael Baudendistel: With regard to your outlook for North America in 2018 and beyond, how do your thoughts on electronic logging device mandate play into that?
Ronald Armstrong: At this point, it's a lot more talk than there is actual impact, what we're seeing in the market. So that obviously goes into play in December. And so we'll see how it develops. But right now, it doesn't feel like it's a significant element in truck orders and truck buying decisions.
Michael Baudendistel: Great. That's helpful. And then just one on Europe. It looks like the bottom end of your range for next year is below this year. I mean, it didn't seem like you've said anything that's negative about Europe so far in this call. I mean, what areas could concern you that could make Europe be down next year?
Ronald Armstrong: There's no real areas of concern. I'd say, at this point, that the bottom end of our range is conservatism. As I mentioned previously, if we continued with our build rates as they currently sit at DAF and Peterbilt and Kenworth, the markets would be at the upper end of our estimate. So the lower end just really reflects some conservatism.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Neil Frohnapple of Buckingham Research.
Neil Frohnapple: I think there was an earlier question on SG&A for the fourth quarter. But can you provide any granularity on the SG&A expense outlook for 2018 like you guys have done for R&D?
Ronald Armstrong: I think if you look at the -- probably the second half run rate for SG&A, some of the effect in the second half has been there's just some little stronger currencies with respect to the euro, et cetera. So I think if you look at the second half run rate of SG&A, that's probably indicative of what we would expect for full year 2018 in terms of absolute dollars.
Neil Frohnapple: Got it, okay. And then could you talk about what drove the acceleration of PACCAR Financial Services revenue growth in the quarter? And I guess as a follow-up to that, is that also good run rate views for 4Q and 2018?
Ronald Armstrong: So the revenue is just we have a bit of an increasing interest rate environment, we have higher assets and we had the higher mix of operating leases in our portfolio. So there's several things that impact that. As we think about next year, right now, we anticipate that the portfolio will continue to perform well, that our customers will have good economic conditions in which to operate. And so credit losses will continue to be muted. Used truck values seem to have stabilized, and so I don't think we'll see any challenges on the used truck side. So as it sits here today, we feel good about our prospects for 2018 in the Financial Services arena .
Operator: And you have a follow-up question from the line of Steven Fisher of UBS.
Steven Fisher: Just wanted to clarify one thing. Would your operating leverage be more evident at the gross profit level or at the pretax profit level?
Ronald Armstrong: Probably at the pretax profit level because we sort of manage our R&D and SG&A more to a fixed cost.
Steven Fisher: Right. So to kind of frame it as there's no operating leverage in the model as we think about next year, maybe more appropriate to think about the pretax level no matter how much fixed costs you have in your gross profit, but ...
Ronald Armstrong: It's going to depend on how the year progresses and how material costs develop. And we're well positioned. And at this point, again, I think margins would be in that 14% to 15%. And whether they're at the upper end or lower end of that range depends on a lot of factors that are to be determined.
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Ronald Armstrong: We'd like to thank everyone for their participation, and thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-25 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Hastings - Director, IR  Ronald Armstrong - CEO and Director Harrie Schippers - CFO and EVP Michael Barkley - SVP and Controller
Analysts: Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Jamie Cook - Crédit Suisse AG Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Joel Tiss - BMO Capital Markets Equity Research Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Nicole DeBlase - Deutsche Bank AG Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies LLC Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank Barry Haimes - Sage Asset Management Faheem Sabeiha - Longbow Research LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PACCAR's Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Today's call is being recorded and if anyone has any objections, they should disconnect at this time.  I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Ron Armstrong, Chief Executive Officer; Harrie Schippers, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Barkley, Senior Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls, we ask that any members of the media on the line participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Ron Armstrong.
Ronald Armstrong: Good morning. PACCAR reported strong revenues and net income for the second quarter of 2017. PACCAR's second quarter sales and Financial Services revenues were $4.7 billion and second quarter net income was $373 million, a 7.9% after-tax return on revenues. PACCAR Parts achieved record quarterly revenues of $823 million and record pretax profits of $152 million. PACCAR achieved excellent combined truck and parts gross margins of 14.6%, driven by higher North American truck deliveries, the strong European truck market and the record PACCAR Parts results. I'm very proud of our 24,500 employees around the world who have delivered outstanding products and services to our customers. PACCAR delivered 39,400 trucks during the second quarter, 13% higher than the first quarter and 6% above last year's second quarter. Peterbilt and Kenworth raised build rates during the quarter in response to robust order intake this year. Looking ahead, PACCAR expects 2% to 3% higher deliveries in the third quarter compared to the second due to the higher build rates in all markets, partially offset by fewer build days in Europe due to the normal summer shutdown. Third quarter gross margins are projected to be comparable to second quarter margins.  We've raised our forecast for Europe's above 16-tonne market to a range of 290,000 to 310,000 units, reflecting strong demand and the steady economic outlook. Europe's GDP growth expectations for this year are 1.8% in the U.K. and on the continent. Freight transport activity on German highways year-to-date was at record levels and up 3.6% compared to the same period last year.  During the second quarter, DAF introduced new model year 2017 XF and CF trucks which deliver up to 7% higher fuel economy compared to the previous models. This contributed to DAF's 10% growth in above 16-tonne orders in the first half this year compared to the same period last year. U.S. and Canadian Class 8 truck industry retail sales are expected to be in the range of 200,000 to 220,000 units this year. Class 8 truck industry orders were up 44% in the first half this year compared to the same period in 2016. Peterbilt and Kenworth's Class 8 retail sales market share was an excellent 31% in the second quarter and 29.6% year-to-date through June. Customers appreciate the ongoing investments by Kenworth and Peterbilt in enhanced truck models, expanded PACCAR powertrain options and onboard technology. The U.S. economy's steady expansion is projected to be 2.2% GDP growth and 1.8% industrial production growth this year, supporting healthy freight levels. PACCAR Parts' quarterly pretax income of $152 million was 14% higher than a year ago. PACCAR Parts' quarterly revenues of $823 million were 9% higher than in the same quarter of last year. These results were driven by the growing number of PACCAR trucks and engines in operation, our outstanding logistics capabilities which provide high parts availability to dealers and customers and the growing number of TRP All Makes retail stores globally. PACCAR Financial Services' second quarter pretax income increased 10% to $63 million compared to $57 million last quarter. The portfolio continued to perform well. U.S. Class 8 industry truck -- used trucks volumes increased during the quarter. Kenworth and Peterbilt truck resale values continue to command a 10% to 20% premium over competitors' vehicles. PACCAR's strong balance sheet and positive cash flow have enabled the company to invest over $3 billion in new products and facilities in the last 5 years. This year, capital expenditures of $375 million to $425 million and research and development expenses of $250 million to $270 million are targeted for truck and powertrain product development, enhanced manufacturing and parts distribution facilities and aftermarket support programs. We're pleased to announce then new PACCAR Silicon Valley Innovation Center which will open this year in Sunnyvale, California. The facility will coordinate next-generation product development and will identify emerging technologies for the benefit of future vehicle performance. The Innovation Center will develop exciting new technology applications for advanced driver assistance systems, artificial intelligence, vehicle connectivity and augmented reality, complementing the research and development currently happening in PACCAR's truck divisions and technical centers. PACCAR looks forward to expanding its partnerships with the many innovative technology companies in Silicon Valley.  We're very proud of our team at the PACCAR engine factory in Columbus, Mississippi. Since opening in 2010, the plant has demonstrated its world-class diesel engine manufacturing capabilities and was recently named Quality Magazine's plant of the year. We're nearing completion of a $35 million investment in additional capacity at Columbus to support growing customer demand for the PACCAR MX-13 and PACCAR MX-11 engines. PACCAR continues to enhance its leadership position in the global truck market by delivering the highest quality products and services in the industry. Thank you. I'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question will come from the line of Ann Duignan of JPMorgan.
Ann Duignan: Can I just clarify the comments you made about higher deliveries quarter-over quarter in Q3 because that would not typically be the seasonal expectation we'd have. Was that a North America comment? Or was that total deliveries?
Ronald Armstrong: Total deliveries are up 2% to 3%, so the higher average build rates in North America as well as in Australia, Mexico and Brazil are then offset by the seasonal summer shutdown in Europe.
Ann Duignan: Okay. That's helpful and good to know. And then would you expect -- there's nothing to suggest given the level of backlog you have and given the orders that you have, there's nothing to suggest that daily builds would slow in Q4, is there?
Ronald Armstrong: At this point, assuming the economy continues to tick along and we feel good about our build rates and maintaining those through the rest of this year.
Ann Duignan: Okay. And then just as a follow-up. On the Finco business, can you talk about used values? I know you mentioned that yes, you command a premium but the premium could be up 0. So can you talk about used values? And what you're seeing out there? And whether we've really stabilized? Or is there any downside risk still to used values?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, I think in the second quarter, the values in Europe were very stable and in the U.S., down just slightly but very comparable to first quarter levels. And the amount of the used truck results in the second quarter were about $4 million better than the first quarter.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jamie Cook of Crédit Suisse.
Jamie Cook: I appreciate your color on the gross margins for the third quarter, I think you said comparable to the second quarter. Should we assume your margin forecast for the year is now up versus where you guys guided to last quarter, just because of the run rate that we're at? So I guess that would be my first question. And then, I guess, my second question, can you just talk about sort of the order board in the U.S. and Europe, how widespread it is? In the U.S., is it -- are the big guys stepping in? Is it the small fleets? Just any color on where strength is coming from.
Ronald Armstrong: So I think we talked earlier about a range of 14% to 14.5%. I think we'll be closer to the upper end of that range for the full year. And when it comes to demand, I think it's pretty broad-based whether you look at vocational, you look at on-highway, you look at fleet, both small, mid and large. I think it's a good cross-section. We've seen all the segments go up as we progress through the course of the year.
Jamie Cook: And any color on the order board geographically? Whether it's in Europe or the U.S.?
Ronald Armstrong: Both are very solid, so we're in good shape as we look, sit here today. The backlogs are strong.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Ross Gilardi of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ross Gilardi: I was wondering if you guys could talk a little bit more about truck margin. I mean I know clearly that you saw some sequential recovery in truck margin but you're still down on positive sales growth in truck only. Can you help us a little bit with the year-on-year bridge? And specifically what's happened with pricing?
Ronald Armstrong: The primary thing impacting is currency movements, primarily the impact of the pound versus the euro and the peso versus the dollar. If you adjust for those, then they're very comparable.
Ross Gilardi: Got it. Okay. And then can you say did you experience any disruption in the European truck business due to bottlenecks in the supply chain or anything? One of your competitors was pretty vocal about that last week.
Ronald Armstrong: No. We have not seen any impacts as a result of supplier disruptions at all. Suppliers are doing great.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Joel Tiss of BMO Capital Markets.
Joel Tiss: Really terrible quarter. We're getting bored from all these beats. I just wondered, I guess you guys got to stick with your strengths, right?
Ronald Armstrong: We do what we do and we try to do it well.
Joel Tiss: I just wondered if you could give us a sense, is Brazil -- has it turned the corner? Is it profitable at this point? And any sense maybe by 2020, like to fuzz it up enough to give us some color, where do you think your market share could be?
Ronald Armstrong: Well, the team has done a great job of building the business. And as we have progressed through the course of this year, we're going to take an additional build rate increase during the third quarter to support the increasing demand. The product is doing just extremely well in the market. Our dealers are continuing to invest and build their businesses in spite of a very difficult economy and difficult truck market. We feel like the investments that we made will provide an excellent long term return for shareholders. So we've been able to grow our share from 0% up to 5-plus percent in the above 40 tonne segment of that market. So I think that pace of growth will continue to be an opportunity for our DAF business there as we progress through the next 2, 3, 4, 5 years. So hopefully we could double that position in that timeframe.
Joel Tiss: Great. And then on the engine business, is the North American aftermarket started to kick in? Or is it still a little bit too early for that?
Ronald Armstrong: No. I think it's -- the more engines, I think, we're up to about 140,000 PACCAR MX engines in the park as we sit here today. And so we'll continue to increment that as we progress, so it's progressing all the time. It's probably the single biggest growth there for the Parts division in terms of the various segments of their Parts business.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: I'm wondering if you could talk about your longer term R&D outlook. So in the press release, you spoke about all of the growth initiatives you folks are pursuing on the technology side. And as you think about your R&D budget, should we be thinking about that moving higher as a percentage of sales off of 2017 levels? Or is that just a change in prioritization versus other investments? How should we think about that?
Ronald Armstrong: We usually don't think about it as a percent of revenue, we think about it in terms of absolute dollars and how much we're investing to support what we see as our strategic direction for the next 4, 5 years. And I think what you'll see is maybe a steady, slight increase year-on-year as we continue to invest in the many things that we talked about with driver -- advanced driver assistance systems, vehicle connectivity, continuing to build on the efficiency of our powertrain, adding powertrain options for our customers. So I think it will be pretty steady with a slight increase over time.
Jerry Revich: And in terms of the front axle production that you've -- your folks are highlighting as ramping up in Texas, can you just give us a timeframe of when you expect that facility to be at full production rate? And based on the specifications that you plan to produce there, what proportion of your fleet will be covered? What proportion of your models will be covered by your own front axles once production ramps up?
Ronald Armstrong: So this is a 20,000-pound front axle and it's primarily for heavier vehicle applications. And so we'll start production, initial production in the third quarter and we'll see that ramp up over a 12-month period. And at full production, it could be up to 20% of the axles that we put in our Class 8 vehicles.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Seth Weber of RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber: I just wanted to ask about -- a couple of questions. On the Finco margin, it improved from the first quarter 1Q to 2Q, but how long do you think it will take to kind of get back to that mid- to high 20% operating margin level? I mean you talked about sort of stabilizing used truck pricing. Do you expect the decks to be kind of cleared here by the end of the year? Or do you think that this sort of bleeds out further is the first question.
Ronald Armstrong: Well, I think we've -- we're probably selling a few more trucks than we're taking in, in the first half of this year. We'll probably see that continue a little bit in the second half. And then things, in terms of volumes, will get sort of balanced as we start next year in terms of what we're selling versus what's coming in.
Seth Weber: Okay. So you think it's fair to expect that margins next year could be more kind of normal relative to what we've seen over the last half a dozen years or so?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, it really just depends. The key thing is the used truck valuations in the market and so we'll see how that moves. But part of the positive thing for PACCAR Financial, particularly in the U.S., that beginning next year, pretty much all the returns that will be coming off lease will be the 2.1-meter model truck compared to the legacy 1.9 meter. So that gives us some upside on the used truck valuations going forward as well.
Seth Weber: That's good color. And then just maybe a follow-up on Europe. Is there any granularity you could help with Eastern Europe versus Western Europe? I think last quarter you talked about some strength in some of the -- in Russia or some of the Eastern European markets. Is there any update there that you could share?
Ronald Armstrong: I'd say the strength in Russia continues. We're seeing good orders continuing to deliver.
Harrie Schippers: And the rest of Eastern Europe is developing very similar to Western Europe for the first half of this year.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Nicole DeBlase from Deutsche Bank.
Nicole DeBlase: I guess starting with price cost. So I suspect that higher material costs were probably a headwind within the truck segment with respect to margins this quarter. Does that continue into the second half? Or do material cost headwinds ease from here?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. It wasn't much of a factor in the results for the quarter. There are some upward pressures but we have long term agreements and those impacts tend to get spread over time and managed through. And so that wasn't a significant impact. The key impact of margins for the quarter primarily was the currency impacts I referenced earlier.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay, got it. That's helpful, Ron. And then secondly, if it's possible to give us a little bit more color on the 3Q delivery guidance. So the up 2% to 3% Q-on-Q, what's the order of magnitude for the growth in North America versus the decline in Europe that you guys are embedding?
Ronald Armstrong: Let me see if I can. So Europe would be down about 10% because of the summer shutdown period. And conversely, North America is probably up about 10%.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Andy Casey of Wells Fargo Securities.
Andrew Casey: Just wanted to go back to an earlier question, I think it was Jamie, about segments within the NAFTA market. Are you seeing any increase in interest from the long haul truckload customers compared to earlier in the year that may support an expectation that the normal increase order activity towards the end of the year would take place?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. Our order intake has trended upward during the course of the year compared to if you look back to the latter parts of last year and we continue to see on-highway truck orders build quarter-on quarter.
Andrew Casey: Well, that's good to hear. Has vocational and energy remained strong for you folks?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, for sure. It's been a good order inflow in terms of the mix. Both of them have gone up and probably on-highway a little bit faster from an order standpoint than vocation.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of David Leiker of Robert W. Baird.
David Leiker: A couple of numbers-related questions here for you. When you look at the cash flow statement, there's a pretty big negative outflow on working capital. It looks like receipt in most of that. Any additional color on that?
Ronald Armstrong: I think the biggest item was floor plan financing. I'll let Michael talk about that.
Michael Barkley: Yes. Last year, as our build rates were coming down and our inventories were -- dealer inventories were going down. We had an inflow from foreign receivables. And this year, as our build rates are coming up and our dealer inventories are going up, we're having an outflow with respect to that. So it's about a $400 million movement that you'll see moving that operating cash flow number. But as those trucks get delivered, they'll -- it'll become cash -- realized cash as the year progresses.
Ronald Armstrong: So the accounting rule, Mike has put that up in operating and the financing that we do for that is down in the investing section.
David Leiker: That's a good answer for that. And then just a follow-up question on currency, I want to see if we can dig a little bit deeper into it. With the strength in the euro here -- you had a couple of years of really weak euro. And from a transactional perspective would guess that that's probably positive for PACCAR with the euro going back up. Any way you can characterize how much of an impact a stronger euro might have on your growth profit dollars?
Ronald Armstrong: So we have a bit of a natural hedge with respect to the translation of our euro-based financial statements and we have euro-sourced components in the U.S. that we get the benefit of. So as the currency weakens and as it strengthens, we'll have more revenues and profits from DAF but that will be offset by some reduction then in the purchase cost for the components coming out of Europe. But it's a nice natural hedge that doesn't fully offset but it does offset [indiscernible].
David Leiker: At the line items, there's probably a little bit of a mismatch on gross profit versus SG&A.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, there is. There is. That's correct.
David Leiker: Okay. And then just one last item on the vertical integration, producing axles for trucks here in North America, you're doing engines here in North America. I mean the next logical step there would seem to be transmissions. Any thoughts on that?
Ronald Armstrong: We have great partners both in Europe with ZF and Eaton here in North America. We work very closely with them to have integrated customized solutions for our powertrains. And so we expect that to continue for the foreseeable future.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Stephen Volkmann of Jefferies.
Stephen Volkmann: Ron, I think, in the past we've talked about once we get past, hopefully get past, kind of a mid-cycle replacement kind of level of activity which seems to be kind of around where we're now in North America, that you have an opportunity hopefully for some pricing. Do you still view the market that way?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, I think the market is good. We feel good about where it's at. Obviously, if you look back at 2015, 278,000 truck market compared to 215,000 or so this year. That demand -- supply/demand equation does provide some opportunities for pricing and so that could be in the future.
Stephen Volkmann: So if next year were to be higher, I'm not asking you to forecast that, but we might have a better pricing environment in that scenario?
Ronald Armstrong: It could be. Could be
Stephen Volkmann: Yes. And then can I ask you to maybe put on your long term prognostication, is that right, hat? And you've opened your new center down in Silicon Valley and thinking a little bit about the future of truck transportation, et cetera. When you think about that, things like battery-powered trucks maybe, I know you may have a new competitor soon, automated trucking, platooning, et cetera, do you have a view on which of those technologies is likely to be sort of sooner rather than later? And then sort of following onto that, do you feel like you want to do this kind of stuff internally to PACCAR? Or is this the kind of thing where you look for some partners and -- as you go forward? I'll let you answer that however you like.
Ronald Armstrong: That is a multifaceted question but a good question. So as we think forward, we're talking with a lot of suppliers who are very interested in partnering with us for a variety of technology paths that we may take. And so I'd say we're currently in that assessment phase of evaluating the best path for our company. And so part of opening this office is getting greater, more immediate access to the technologies and the technology development so that we can be better informed and make better decisions. And I think we'll start with this office in a relatively small way but I think it will probably grow as time goes on. And all those things will be parts of the areas of study that are done in this office. And we'll stay very close to those developments and continue to formulate the specifics of our strategy as we go through the next year or two.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay. Any of those technologies kind of more attractive to you? Or maybe you're more skeptical about one or another?
Ronald Armstrong: No, I think the advanced driver assistance systems, those continue to progress. The camera technology, radar, lidar, all those technologies are developing pretty quickly. So I think they'll be the technology to support autonomy but how quickly will it actually happen in reality and for the next decades, you're going to have a majority of nonautonomous trucks on the streets. So it's going to be a transition and I'd say, a relatively gradual transition over time. So I think there will be progress in that area for sure. Batteries is just the size. There has to be a breakthrough in battery technology for there to be a economic -- economically viable solution for heavy-duty trucks. So again, we'll be very close to those developments. And as they occur, we work with a lot of potential partners in that arena now and we'll continue to stay close to that.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question will come from the line of Steven Fisher of UBS.
Steven Fisher: I wonder if you could give us some color on how far out your backlog extends at this point and how that lead time has developed over the course of the year. Kind of curious how much of your second half production schedule is booked at this point.
Ronald Armstrong: We typically don't talk that extensively about backlog. I'll just tell you that they're very solid and in good shape. The backlog position has maintained sort of that strong position throughout the year and we've been able to increase the build rates in all of our markets as a result of that. So we're -- we feel good about the current build rate plans for the quarter -- for the next quarter and hopefully progressing through the rest of the year.
Steven Fisher: And are you taking a notable amount of orders for 2018 or is it too soon for that?
Ronald Armstrong: I think we're starting to see some. I wouldn't call it a notable amount, but there are some orders in the backlog for 2018 currently. But I think the discussion level about 2018 with, obviously, many of our larger customers, those discussions are starting to occur.
Steven Fisher: Okay. And then just a quick one on the MX-11. How has that been performing from a warranty perspective? Do you have enough volumes to note any trends? And I know you mentioned that the currency was the big impact on the margins in the quarter. Did warranty have any notable impact on the margin this quarter?
Ronald Armstrong: No, no notable impact. The MX-11 is doing very well. The MX-11 was launched in Europe the fourth quarter of 2013 and we launched it here the beginning of 2016. And the engine has performed very well in both markets. And we're excited about the prospects for getting a greater penetration of that engine with our customers going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Barry Haimes of Sage Asset Management.
Barry Haimes: I wonder if you could talk a little bit about the medium duty market and kind of what you're seeing there just in terms of order rates, trends, et cetera.
Ronald Armstrong: This year, based on how we've produced medium duty trucks for the first half and our planned build rates for the second half, this could be a record medium duty production year for PACCAR. I think part of that is continued strong -- relatively strong market conditions, probably 50,000 to 55,000 trucks in Europe in the 6- to 16-tonne and in the class 6, 7 market, probably in the 80,000 to 90,000 truck range. And the Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF products are very well received in the markets and share positions are good. So like I said, this could be a record medium duty production year for PACCAR.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Faheem Sabeiha of Longbow Research.
Faheem Sabeiha: I'm sorry if I missed this, but following the strong performance of your Parts business in the first half of the year, what is your outlook now for the full year 2017?
Ronald Armstrong: So for the full year, we expect the global parts sales to be up in the range of 5% to 7% for the year.
Faheem Sabeiha: Okay. And can you comment on used truck inventory levels in the industry? I mean are they still excessive? And if fleets do plan to replace more trucks next year versus this year, I mean, can the market absorb these additional trucks entering the market?
Ronald Armstrong: Our used truck position is, I guess, I would characterize very normal. And I would say there probably still in the industry, there probably still are excessive trucks from some of the competitor mix. But -- so we feel good about our ability to manage our inventory in the near and midterm.
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Ken Hastings: Yes. I'd like to thank everyone for their participation. And thank you, operator.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Hastings - PACCAR, Inc. Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.
Analysts: Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. Emily McLaughlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC Timothy W. Thein - Citigroup Investment Research Ross P. Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Cleve Rueckert - UBS Securities LLC John Joyner - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Michael J. Baudendistel - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Barry George Haimes - Sage Asset Management LP Alexander Eugene Potter - Piper Jaffray & Co. Faheem F. Sabeiha - Longbow Research LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded, and if anyone has an objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings - PACCAR, Inc.: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Ron Armstrong, Chief Executive Officer; Harrie Schippers, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Barkley, Senior Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls, if there are members of the media on the line, we ask that they participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general, economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Ron Armstrong.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Good morning. PACCAR reported good revenues and net income for the first quarter of 2017. PACCAR's first quarter sales and financial services revenues were $4.2 billion, and first quarter net income was $310 million, a 7.3% after-tax return on revenues. PACCAR Parts achieved record quarterly pre-tax profits of $152 million. PACCAR achieved excellent Truck, Parts and Other gross margins of 14.1%, helped by the strong European truck market and growth in PACCAR Part sales. I'm very proud of our 23,000 employees. We have delivered industry-leading products and services to our customers worldwide. PACCAR delivered 35,000 trucks during the first quarter. Peterbilt and Kenworth raised build rates during the quarter in response to robust order intake. Looking ahead, we expect a 10% increase in deliveries in the second quarter compared to the first quarter due to higher build rates in North America and Australia. Second quarter gross margins are projected to be slightly higher than first quarter margins, reflecting the operational benefits of higher build rates. PACCAR's forecast for Europe's greater than 16-tonne market has been increased to a range of 270,000 to 300,000 units, reflecting strong demand and the steady economic outlook. Europe's GDP growth expectations for this year are 1.6% in the UK and on the continent. Freight transport activity on German highways in the first quarter was at record levels and up 3% compared to the same period last year. Year-to-date, DAF has achieved a 15.7% share of European heavy truck market registrations. The economic picture in the U.S. is also positive with GDP forecast to grow 2.2% this year. Housing starts are projected to grow 9% to 1.3 million units and the automotive industry is expected to deliver 17.3 million vehicles. Industrial production is estimated to grow 1.7% this year due to stronger manufacturing and mining output. This will be the first year of industrial production expansion since 2014. We estimate U.S. and Canadian Class 8 truck industry retail sales will be in a range of 190,000 to 220,000 units this year. The economy's steady growth is supportive of healthy freight levels. The ATA Tonnage Index continues at high levels. Peterbilt and Kenworth's share of industry Class 8 orders so far this year is strong at 32% as customers appreciate the benefits of Kenworth and Peterbilt's reliable and fuel-efficient trucks and industry-leading resale values. PACCAR Parts quarterly pre-tax income was a record $152 million, 13% higher than a year ago. Pre-tax return on revenue was an excellent 19.3%. PACCAR Parts business generated quarterly revenues of $787 million, 9% higher than in the same quarter of last year. These results were driven by the growing number of PACCAR trucks and engines in operation and the many innovative products and services offered by PACCAR Parts and our dealers. PACCAR's dealers worldwide have invested over $1 billion over the last five years to open 200 new dealer locations in North America and Europe. PACCAR's new truck models and expanded powertrain have created a tremendous business opportunity for PACCAR and our dealers. These dealer network investments support PACCAR's continued growth in truck market share and aftermarket sales. PACCAR Financial Services first quarter pre-tax income was $57 million, compared to $80 million earned a year ago. Excellent portfolio performance was partly offset by the effects of the industry's lower used truck values in the U.S. and Canada. PACCAR Financial continued to invest in the remarketing of PACCAR trucks by opening its third truck remarketing center near Chicago. These truck centers further enhance Kenworth and Peterbilt residual values which command a 10% to 20% premium over competitors' trucks. PACCAR's strong balance sheet and positive cash flow have enabled the company to invest over $3 billion in new products and facilities in the last five years. This year, capital expenditures of $375 million to $425 million and research and development expenses of $250 million to $280 million are targeted for truck and powertrain product development, enhanced manufacturing and parts distribution facilities, and aftermarket support programs. PACCAR continues to enhance its leadership position in the global truck market by delivering the highest quality products and services in the industry. Thank you. I'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: Your first question will come from the line of Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Good morning, Jerry.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Can you talk about which regions drove the acceleration in the part sales in this quarter, how broad-based is it, and it sounds like the inventory destock that we saw parts of last year has played out already. To what extent is that a contributing factor?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah. I'd say that the greater share of the increase comes from North America, but we also saw growth in our Europe business as well.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And can you say more about the used truck headwind in the quarter, was that mark-to-market on outstanding lease residual values, can you just flesh that out for us in terms of is there a risk of additional charges on the outstanding lease book?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah, that primary relates to trucks that we sell, the good news is there was better demand for trucks. Unfortunately the prices are dampened because of the high quantities of used trucks that are in inventories, we're seeing from several of our competitors and that's dampening the prices. And so, I don't – we've not seen any further deterioration in prices, but we haven't seen an increase either.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And what about the operating leases that you folks have outstanding, can you remind us when do you do the impairment test on whether the market value is below the residual value that's recorded for FinCo.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah. We review those every quarter, Jerry. And we mark those to, and we adjust the residual values and depreciation accordingly.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And there was no adjustment related to the operating lease for this quarter at all?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: I don't – I think there was probably a small amount that was included in the first quarter results.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. All right. I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: You bet.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of George (9:00) of Wells Fargo.
Unknown Speaker: Hey, good morning. Could you provide us a little bit more color of what you're seeing in regional truck trends and in South America, first outside of Brazil and then inside of Brazil? I know, (9:15) commented that it thought that it was seeing a bottom, I'm wondering if you agree?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Well, the – I think the South American market will be comparable this year to what we saw last year. So, we would hope that as Brazil sells some of its economic challenges that we'll see return to growth in that business and a lot of the – the rest of the South America will be dependent on how the mining and commodities develop, so I think there is some positive trends in that arena.
Unknown Speaker: Sounds great. I know you commented on improved strength in the North American Canadian market, are you – that you didn't move your forecast at all, are you expecting the strength to kind of maintain itself throughout the year or you feel like it will subside in anyway?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: I think when we had discussion in January, our market range was probably above the average of other estimators and as time has gone on, they have increased their market size estimates to be closer to ours. So, we feel pretty comfortable with our range and if orders continue at the pace, we could be at the mid to upper portion of the range.
Unknown Speaker: That sounds great. Thank you very much.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: You bet.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Ann Duignan of JPMorgan.
Unknown Speaker: Hi, this is Kristy (11:04) on for Ann Duignan. Can you guys describe the environment by end market in North America, and where you're seeing orders coming from? Is it, say, oil and gas over the long-haul? And can you describe by region in the EU and how sustainably you think current orders rates are into the second half of 2017?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: I'd say we're seeing good broad-based order intake across all segments, the vocational segment has been steady for several years now, and we're seeing good order intake from the long-haul side in Europe. The Western Europe continues to be strong, Central Europe as well, and we're seeing some recovery and order intake from the Russian market as we begin this year.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Thank you. I will get back in queue.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Seth Weber of RBC Capital Markets.
Emily McLaughlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi this is Emily McLaughlin on for Seth. I'm just wondering, do you think that the 32% you reported for the Class 8 order share is sustainable, and is there anything you can point to specifically than if you'd be driving the share gains?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Our Kenworth and Peterbilt's retail sales share in the second half of last year was roughly 30%, 31%. And so I think that order intake share is in line with that, the retail sale share in the first quarter was 28.2%. And so, we hope to see that continue at that level or increase as we progress through the year.
Emily McLaughlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. And then, one more. I'm just wondering if you're seeing any notable change in order mix in terms of smaller owner operator versus larger fleets for their Class 8 segment?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: No, I think it's pretty consistent with what we've been seeing now for the last year or so.
Emily McLaughlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks. That's all I had.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Tim Thein of Citigroup.
Timothy W. Thein - Citigroup Investment Research: Great. Thein, this is Tim. Yeah, good morning, Ron. How you're doing.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Good morning, Tim.
Timothy W. Thein - Citigroup Investment Research: Good, good. Hey, just coming back to the first question on the financial services. I'm trying to kind of get a better understanding in terms of the increase that call at $35 million increase in net interest and other line year-over-year. How much of that with is, I guess I'm getting out, was this a kind of more one-time impairment or is this – will there be an ongoing impact from higher depreciation or combination of both? Maybe just a little bit more clarity on that would be helpful?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah. So, one of the things that's caused – impacting revenues and interest in other is the fact that the mix of our portfolio is a little bit more tilted towards operating leases, which have higher revenue and expense per truck associated with them. And then we did have on some bulk sales of used trucks in the first quarter. That's where we saw the losses that we incurred on some of those sales. And so we'll see how pricing develops, but, as I can say, demand has increased and we'll monitor prices very closely to see if we can get some better price realization as we go forward.
Timothy W. Thein - Citigroup Investment Research: Okay, okay. And are you able to – I mean, at this point, maybe provide some more color in terms of the amount of lease returns in your North American financing business in the quarter, do you have that?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah. That will be in our 10-Q when we publish that.
Timothy W. Thein - Citigroup Investment Research: Yeah?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah.
Timothy W. Thein - Citigroup Investment Research: Okay, okay. And then, I guess, maybe just a last one on Parts, obviously off to a strong start in 1Q, are you still expecting to be in that kind of plus 2% to 4% range or is it – has the thought process changed in terms of full-year revenue for Parts?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah. I think, based on the first quarter results, probably 3% to 5% would be our estimate of how we would see the year progress for Parts.
Timothy W. Thein - Citigroup Investment Research: Okay, okay. Understood. And just close it up on gross margin expectations, obviously, above the midpoint here in 1Q with – and you're talking about deliveries going up, are we still thinking it kind of mid-14% range at the higher end or for the year?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah. I think in the 14% to 14.5% range for the year would be the way to think about the rest of the year for us.
Timothy W. Thein - Citigroup Investment Research: Got it. Understood. I appreciate it. Thanks a lot.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Ross Gilardi of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ross P. Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Good morning, Ross.
Ross P. Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Sorry to harp on the FinCo questions, but just I guess to expand on what Tim was asking, I mean in a flattish used truck pricing environment is that $57 million in FinCo pre-tax earnings kind of the inappropriate run rate or should this kind of bounce back to more in line with year ago levels?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: I think once we get through the used truck, I think we'll see recovery, assume all other things being equal, assuming similar interest rate environment, et cetera.
Ross P. Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. So in order to see sort of a step up, you've actually got to see a change in earnings for the FinCo. You've got to see a change in market conditions, from the sounds of it.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah. I think that's fair and as we continue to work with our used truck inventories, and we'll see hopefully that progress as we go through the rest of this year in a positive way.
Ross P. Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thanks. And then, maybe you could talk just about the truck margin itself as the parts margin was very strong, the truck margin was a little bit soft. Could you help us maybe bridge the year-on-year, and maybe just include some comments on sort of pricing and raw material costs?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: So, when you look at the incremental margin from the fourth quarter, incremental margin was 18%, which is basically in line with how we would think about how incremental margins would move quarter-to-quarter in the 15% to 20% range. So, right in line with how we anticipated it would develop.
Ross P. Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And in terms of pricing versus raw material costs, was there anything notable from the UK or with all the currency movements or anything like that which you would highlight?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: The pound euro exchange rate continues to be – I guess, I would call it a bit of a headwind, but we're working through that as time goes on. And the U.S. and Canadian market, as we progressed through last year, the orders and the retail sales decline. And so we ended last year in a more competitive position and we're still in that same situation as we began the year this year.
Ross P. Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of David Leiker of Robert W. Baird.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hey, guys. This is Joe Vruwink for David.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Good morning.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Sorry to do this one, quick one on used price dynamics. Any impact from mix of what was sold in the quarter? You're seeing, I would say, much more pressure on the sleepers in the market, less so on the day cabs, did that factor in to what you saw?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: I think it's pretty, pretty evenly across the market. I don't think there is any particular impact with sleepers versus day cabs.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. And used prices being weak isn't really a new issue for the industry. So, I guess I'm struggling a bit with why this is really the first quarter PACCAR has had an issue. Just any idea why it's popping up for you where your peers have been dealing with it for a while now?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: I think it's just because of the volume of used trucks. We did have increased used truck sales in the quarter. And so higher trucks, higher used truck sales is the reason it's, I guess, it's slightly bigger impact than it has been.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Okay. Shifting to the new market, so you've obviously gained a lot of share at the trough of this recent correction. It looks like we have an upcycle on the horizon, looks like with that upcycle in play, Q1 market share in terms of the order book is normalizing a little bit. Can you maybe help us frame, I don't know a peak-to-peak market share is the right way to look at it, but what's sort of market share PACCAR would expect as we may be an inch back closer to 300,000 unit markets?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: That's – our guys are working hard to – like our customers, the best trucks and satisfy their needs and we have great products, we have great support services and we think that over time, that will lead to share improvement as it has for the last 20 years. So, being able to predict how that's going to progress quarter-to-quarter or year-to-year is a bit challenging.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Maybe on Q1 itself, so the whole 32% and I think we can call Q1 a recovery corridor in order intake, is holding 32% doable, because that obviously would represent market share relative to where you have been?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: It's just dependent on how things develop. There's no – we would hope that that 32% continues, but we have competitors in the market and everybody works hard to keep their business moving forward. So, we'll see how it develops as we progress through the year.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Very good. Thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Steven Fisher of UBS.
Cleve Rueckert - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning, it's Cleve Rueckert on for Steve.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Good morning.
Cleve Rueckert - UBS Securities LLC: Just a follow-up on the Q1 orders strength. Do you guys have a color on how that developed from a customer perspective, I mean how much was energy versus construction versus over the road? Is there any shift going on there?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Probably, the – the biggest increase was probably the over the road. Like I said, vocational has been pretty steady. We did see some improvement in vocational. But as a percent of total, the increase in orders, I think, comes a lot from the on highway customers. And we are seeing some, some recovery in the energy segment, but it's pretty early days for that.
Cleve Rueckert - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful, thanks. And then just a quick one, can you reconcile the lower European revenues with the higher volumes, say, on a year-over-year basis, what's driving that small divergence there?
Unknown Speaker: There is a couple of factors on that one. One, as we have – when we do residual value, it guarantees in Europe, we account for those as operating leases, so we differ the revenues. So there is a truck delivery, but the revenue gets deferred and amortized over time and we had a higher number of those operating lease activities in Europe during the quarter, compared to last quarter. So that accounted for about $40 million or so of the difference, plus the pound and the euro were both lower against the U.S. dollar compared to last year.
Cleve Rueckert - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. So it's nothing to do with pricing there.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: No.
Unknown Speaker: No, actually pricing was up a bit as some prices were increased to reflect the effective pound versus the euro in UK.
Cleve Rueckert - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. That's it from me. Thanks very much.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Joel Tiss of Bank of Montreal.
John Joyner - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. This is John Joyner in for Joel.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Good morning.
John Joyner - BMO Capital Markets (United States): So, I guess you're getting – good morning. A lot of B teams today. So, just real quick on FinCo again and I know this amount is, absolutely dollar amount is not big, but when you look at the provision for losses, I wonder that I guess nearly double from a year ago?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: I mean the provision for loss is at historically low levels. I think last year, if you look at the elements of the change in the reserve, the level of credit losses is very similar. This year, we had an increase in the provision. Last year, we had a decrease in the provision. And that just reflects movements in portfolios in the various geographies, and as you said, it's a relatively small impact. And so, if the portfolio continues to perform very well, past dues had been at below 1% for almost four or five years now. So, it's purely just small numbers.
John Joyner - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Got it. And just maybe one more, I mean, can you talk a little bit about your products? I know over the past couple of years, you and another of your competitors have been rolling out new products and kind of a refresh of the portfolio, and can you maybe talk about any traction that's being gained or where you see strong customer uptake versus your competitors, because kind of all you hear is that, oh, every product is gaining share and obviously that can't necessarily be the case?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Well, we have great product, and we've launched the 2.1 meter products here in North America, that percentage of build has continued to increase. And currently, we're at about 75% of Kenworth and Peterbilt heavy duty truck build or the newer models, very well received, performing excellently, we launched and we included the update to the 2017 MX engine in those trucks at the beginning of this year, adding another 3% to 4% of fuel efficiency. So, the trucks are performing great and very well received by the customers. And just this morning, our DAF team launched their newest XF model at the Birmingham truck show, which basically incorporates all the engine enhancements that we adopted here in North America into the DAF product as well as some additional chassis and cab changes that improved aerodynamics and fuel efficiency up to about a 7% improvement. So, we just continue to move the needle forward on our products, and customers really appreciate the lowest total cost of ownership. When you combine the low operating costs with the strong residual values it makes for a good value proposition for our customers.
John Joyner - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Thank you very much.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Mike Baudendistel from Stifel.
Michael J. Baudendistel - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hey, thank you. Thank you. Just wanted to ask you on the Parts segment, I think you said you have 17 existing parts distribution facilities and you're opening a couple more that are 100,000 or 170,000. Can you just frame that for us as what percentage increase in parts distribution capacity that represents?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: So, I think we roughly have about $2.2 million of square feet in parts distribution center space around the world. So, we're going to increase the – we increased the distribution capacity here in Washington at our Renton facility by about 80,000 square feet, and we're going to increase the distribution capacity in Toronto by another 100,000 square feet when we finish construction of that next year. So, as we look forward, our parts team has really clear view of continuing to increment that capacity as the parts business grows. And so, that kind of pace per year, I think you'll see going forward.
Michael J. Baudendistel - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And your forecast for growth in Parts of 3% to 5% this year, if you view that as a normalized rate or somewhat of a muted rate, given the environment that you think will accelerate back to the prior growth rate of 7% or 8%.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: I think that's what we're expecting at this point, whether that's – just how we see the development of the market for us globally.
Michael J. Baudendistel - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And also just want to ask you on one of the topics of the hour. There was a lot of media attention given to a certain tweet about from a certain company that does electric vehicles that they're planning to have a prototype out of a semi-electric semi-truck this fall. And wanted to ask you since you occupy sort of the premium end of the marketplace on Class 8 trucks. Do you view an electric truck as a credible threat longer-term if we were to think out 10 years?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah, longer-term, 10 years, I think that's the kind of timeframe and we're working on electric trucks, hybrid electric, hydrogen fuel-cell, natural gas. I mean, we're investing in all alternative fuel strategies to be prepared for what may come. So, nobody is standing still and everybody's – I can't say everybody I guess. We're certainly focused on being prepared for market dynamics and market transitions as they occur.
Michael J. Baudendistel - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Sounds great. Thanks very much.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Barry Haimes of Sage Asset.
Barry George Haimes - Sage Asset Management LP: Thanks very much. Yeah, I have one follow-up on the financial services. So, if you're marketing used trucks to market every quarter and if used truck prices stayed flat sequentially, why wouldn't the financial services profit move up sequentially as well, as opposed to it seemed like you indicated that it would be sort of a gradual improvement as we went through the year. But why wouldn't you see that improvement sequentially right away?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: In the accounting rules the mark-to-market is based on a one-truck transaction and we sell used trucks and typically multiples of that, and so a larger sale typically has some discounting pricing that goes with that.
Barry George Haimes - Sage Asset Management LP: Okay. Thanks. And then one question on another topic. The Class 8 orders, I think by most accounts have come in better than folks expected over the last several months, and in spite of the fact that truckload rates has been pretty soft. So, I'm wondering if you have any thoughts as to why you think the orders have been better. Is it that the few economy gap is so large or are there some other factors that might account for the better tone and in spite of the fact that truckload profitability isn't so great? Thanks so much.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Net truck load profitability, I mean, it's down from maybe the peak, but it's still pretty good. And we see that in our finance portfolio, customers have no problem servicing their truck payments. So I think there is – as is in any year, we're starting to see the age of the fleet creep-up a bit. And so there are just more customers who are probably getting to the point where it makes sense to take advantage of the additional investment to fuel efficiency that comes with the latest versions of heavy-duty trucks.
Barry George Haimes - Sage Asset Management LP: Thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Alex Potter of Piper Jaffray.
Alexander Eugene Potter - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hi, guys. Just wanted to ask another maybe a longer term thematic strategic question. This time regarding self-driving vehicles, obviously it's another area of intense media interest recently, just wondering if you could give an update on what your strategy is there, if it's changed at all over the last 6 months to 12 months. And I don't know, if you would consider acquisitions, partnerships, organic development. Just any color you can provide will be helpful?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: One of the things that we've done and we've seen over the last 12 months, really 24 months is the software controls that are in our vehicles are becoming ever more important and we've increased our engineering resources, particularly in the software area. And so, I think we'll continue to see that as we progress over the coming years and with some of those resources dedicated to developing autonomous vehicle technologies. There is a lot of things that have to happen for autonomous trucks to become a reality, but we've had platooning demonstrations, we've had autonomous truck demonstrations. So, we're involved and engaged in that in a big way and we'll continue to make investments in that arena as we go through this year and for the next five years, 10 years. So, we're working closely with a lot of different parties in the industry and so we'll continue to develop our capability.
Alexander Eugene Potter - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay, great. And then one last question, you had mentioned earlier, the impact of the pound moving around and the OEMs having to increase pricing in the UK in order to make up for that. Just wondering, if you've seen any pushback or if the market seems capable of absorbing that increase in pricing?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: I'd say it's a gradual process, it just takes time and we've been – we've done this before and it just takes a while for it to work its way through the system.
Alexander Eugene Potter - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. Good to hear. Thanks.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Neil Frohnapple of Longbow Research.
Faheem F. Sabeiha - Longbow Research LLC: Sorry. Hi. Good morning. This is actually Faheem on the line for Neil. And I'm just wondering, what's your – what was the MX installation rate in the quarter, in the Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks in North America?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: I believe it's 46% for the first quarter, yes.
Faheem F. Sabeiha - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, sounds great. And can you remind what's your outlook is for the MX market share in 2017?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: I think, look, we were 47% last year, our target is to be at 50% or so this year.
Faheem F. Sabeiha - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And as far as the bulk used truck sales that you mentioned in the first quarter, were those to like a particular dealer group or were those to fleets?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Sum of both.
Faheem F. Sabeiha - Longbow Research LLC: Both?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah.
Faheem F. Sabeiha - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And as far as the Class 8 order increase in the first quarter, I mean, was that a little more to end users or did you see an increase in dealer stock orders?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: No. Most of it was the customers, end users.
Faheem F. Sabeiha - Longbow Research LLC: Customers?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah.
Faheem F. Sabeiha - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: We would like to thank everyone for their participation, and thank you, operator.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-31 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Hastings - PACCAR, Inc. Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc. Robert J. Christensen - PACCAR, Inc. Harrie C. A. M. Schippers - PACCAR, Inc.
Analysts: Ross P. Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Alexander Eugene Potter - Piper Jaffray & Co. Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC David Raso - Evercore ISI Group Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Tim W. Thein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Nicole Deblase - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets LLC Michael David Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities LLC Neil A. Frohnapple - Longbow Research LLC Robert Wertheimer - Barclays Capital, Inc. Sameer Rathod - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded, and if anyone has an objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings - PACCAR, Inc.: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Ron Armstrong, Chief Executive Officer; Bob Christensen, President and Chief Financial Officer; Michael Barkley, Senior Vice President and Controller; and Harrie Schippers, Senior Vice President. As with prior conference calls, if there are members of the media on the line, we ask that they participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general, economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Ron Armstrong.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Good morning. Thanks to the accomplishment of PACCAR's 23,000 outstanding employees around the world, 2016 was a very good year for the company. PACCAR achieved revenues of $17 billion and adjusted net income of $1.355 billion, a strong after tax return on revenues of 8%. Including the $833 million non-recurring charge with the European Commission settlement, net income was $522 million. 2016 was PACCAR's 78th consecutive year of earning a net income. Last year's results reflect the strongest European heavy truck market since 2008, and excellent operating performance in truck operations around the world. In addition, PACCAR Parts and PACCAR Financial Services generated good operating results. PACCAR celebrated many important mile – important achievements in 2016. These included market share increases of a four percentage point in both the North American and European heavy-duty truck markets, the introduction of the PACCAR MX-11 engine in North America, the launch of the PACCAR tandem axle in North America, and the introduction of the DAF Connect Telematics System in Europe. DAF's registrations in the European above 16-tonne market were a record. PACCAR invested $650 million of capital and R&D in premium quality products and services and facility enhancements to provide for future growth. PACCAR's fourth quarter sales and Financial Services revenues were $4.1 billion, and quarterly net income was $289 million. PACCAR delivered 33,900 trucks during the fourth quarter, in line with expectations. The profitable contribution of all company segments enables PACCAR to attain the highest operating margins in our industry. PACCAR declared cash dividends of $1.56 per share last year, including a $0.60 per share special dividend declared in December. PACCAR has paid a dividend every year since 1941. During 2016, PACCAR repurchased 1.4 million shares of its stock for $71 million. PACCAR's total shareholder return was 38% in 2016 compared to 12% for the S&P 500. PACCAR shareholder return has exceeded the S&P 500 return for the previous one-year, five-year, 15-year and 20-year time periods. In the first quarter of this year, vehicle truck deliveries, vehicle deliveries and truck and other gross margins are expected to be slightly higher than the fourth quarter. Peterbilt and Kenworth achieved an excellent market share of 28.5% in the U.S. and Canadian heavy-duty truck market in 2016. Class 8 industry retail sales totaled 216,000 units the last year. And in 2017, we estimate the U.S. and Canadian Class 8 truck market would be in a range of 190,000 units to 220,000 units. The market will be supported by estimated U.S. GDP growth of 2% to 2.5%, and industrial production growth projected at 1.5%. DAF increased its market share to 15.5% in the European above 16-tonne truck market last year compared to 14.6% in 2015. The EU heavy-truck market was a robust 303,000 units in 2016. Looking at this year, we anticipate that the European above 16-tonne truck market will be another good, it'd be in the range of 260,000 vehicles to 290,000 vehicles. Economic growth in Europe is expected to be a stable 1.5% this year. PACCAR Parts generated pre-tax profit of $544 million and revenues of $3 billion in 2016. The good results were driven by a growing population of PACCAR trucks and engines, and the many innovative products and services offered by PACCAR Parts. For the fourth quarter, PACCAR Parts achieved revenues of $765 million and pre-tax income of $138 million. Fourth quarter pre-tax income was 9% higher than the fourth quarter last year on a revenue increase of 2%. We expect Parts revenues to grow 2% to 4% this year. PACCAR Financial Services revenues were $304 million in the fourth quarter and pre-tax income was $78 million. The good results benefited from the continuing strong portfolio performance. The Financial Services portfolio includes 178,000 trucks and trailers, including 38,000 PACCAR Leasing units. For the full year, PACCAR Financial Services earned pre-tax income of $307 million. For 2017, PACCAR's research and development spending of $250 million to $280 million, and capital expenditures of $375 million to $425 million, will expand Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF product offerings, enhance the PACCAR Powertrain, build on advanced driver assistance and connected truck technologies, and increase the capacity and operating efficiency of our factories and distribution centers. I'd like to recognize Bob Christensen for over 33 years of outstanding service to PACCAR. Bob is retiring tomorrow, and we wish he and his family the best. Harrie Schippers has been named Executive Vice President and CFO. I know many of you have met Harrie in the last six or seven years during his time as President of DAF Trucks and as Senior Vice President in our corporate group. As the company begins its 112th year, we're in an excellent position to lead the industry with the highest quality products and services. Thank you. I'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: Your first question will come from the line of Ross Gilardi of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ross P. Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning, gentlemen. Thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Morning, Ross.
Ross P. Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just a couple up front here. So first, just on the North American Class 8 market, I mean do you think orders have bottomed out at this point? And assuming that they have, if that's what you think, what quarter do you think Class 8 production bottoms out?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Well, I guess based on our view of the market, I think the inventories, backlogs are pretty well in balance, and that order intake will be indicative of production, et cetera, going forward. So I would say that based on our market size estimates of 190,000 to 220,000, that we expect that production will improve as the year progresses.
Ross P. Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you. And just also wanted to ask you about the UK. What kind of trends did you see sequentially from Q3 to Q4 in the UK? And do you get hit on FX, importing engines from the continent or anything in particular that you would note on FX that we should consider in our models for the UK?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: So the UK market is DAF's largest market. It's been a great market. In fact, DAF set a all-time market share record in the UK market last year for the combined above 6- to 16-tonne, and above 6-tonne of 30%. So, our team has done a great job there, and we continue to see good demand from our customers. I think the economy there is good, and so there's been no indications. The movement in the pound following the Brexit vote, the movements are similar to what we've seen over the years, and while there is some headwind temporarily, that will adjust over time.
Ross P. Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks very much.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: You bet.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Alex Potter of Piper Jaffray.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Good morning, Alex.
Alexander Eugene Potter - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Good morning. So, I guess following up there, more broadly on Europe. Just hoping you could try to help me understand maybe a little bit what's going on in the European truck cycle. From a high level, it seems like we're still below historical peak, and RLC Corps, seems like the European fleet maybe didn't go through a true up cycle. But now, everyone's guidance seems to suggest that the cycle is maybe taking a breather before running its full course. So, I'm just wondering if maybe the macro issues there are overpowering what would otherwise be a continued upturn or if you think that the cycle actually really did run its full course. So, I guess any additional color there would be helpful.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah, I think and last year, obviously, was a great year for the European truck market and DAF in particularly being able to improve its share a full percentage point in that market. If you look at the transportation statistics, the German MAUT statistics, December was another excellent month. Transport activity is at record highs across Germany, and so there's nothing near term that would say that the demand will tail off. I think we're being a bit conservative in how we view the market next year. We're actually starting the year at a higher production rate for our heavy-duty vehicles than we started last year. So, – but we're just a bit conservative in terms of how long that stays at that level.
Alexander Eugene Potter - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay, great. And then, I guess, one other one there. You've historically talked about in Europe, rolling out more Financial Services availability and expecting at least over the medium or long-term that, that would start to impact your market share in the truck segment. Just wondering the extent to which you believe that was one of the reasons behind your share gain over the last year in Europe, or whether you think the impact of the increased Financial Services is – has maybe yet to be felt and will be felt over the next couple of years.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: No, I think we're seeing – we've been open now in our Financial Services business for about two years or three years in Poland, Czech Republic, and we're seeing our share of the financing in those markets grow, and I think that also is translating into additional sales for DAF Trucks. DAF has a very strong position in the Central European countries. And so, I think as we look forward, we are looking at expanding some of our financing activities into the Romanian market. We've opened our sales subsidiary in Turkey. And so, at some point, we'll have some financing capability there. We're also, while it's not in Europe, we're also going to be opening a bank in Brazil to support the financing of trucks, DAF Trucks in Brazil. So, we continue to grow our footprint and our Finance business around the world, and it's a integral part of the model that supports our trucks in all of our markets.
Alexander Eugene Potter - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Interesting. Okay. Thanks very much.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Ann Duignan of JPMorgan.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Morning, Ann.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, guys. This is Ann Duignan. I hope everybody is okay out there.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: We know you.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Yeah. Yes. You guide to U.S. and Canada per your outlook for here at this region. Could you talk a little bit about Mexico at South and what your expectations are there so that we can kind of reconcile our NAFTA outlook with your U.S., Canada?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah, I think Mexico will have another good year, probably in the 20,000- to 25,000-truck range would be how we would see that market for next year. Our – we continue to be the market leader in Mexico, the Kenworth brand is very well received. We've launched our 2.1-meter product, our MX engine. So they have all the latest products, and our dealers and our customers are very excited about the prospects to continue to have a excellent business in the Mexican market.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So, the market will be okay, but you'd expect to outperform, is that what I hear you saying?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Well, I think we know, I just think we'll continue to be at the – the market leader in the 35% to 40% share of the heavy-duty market.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Okay. Got you. Thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's good color. And then on gross margins, you had guided for full year 2017. What are you currently thinking on gross margins for 2017? It sounds like you might be a little bit more upbeat than you were at third quarter.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah. I'd say the range for the year would be in the 13.5% to 14.5% range, and that will sort of tie in with those market ranges that we've talked about.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So, no change from Q3?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Okay. Yeah. No, I think that's still how we would view the year for next year.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And where do you see the biggest upside risk and the biggest downside risk? I mean I think your volumes might come in a bit better, if I'm not reading too much into what you're saying, and then where might the biggest headwinds be if – that we need to take into consideration?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: I mean, typically, it's the level of demand and pricing in a given market. So, I think at the upper end of those ranges, there'll be opportunities for some pricing leverage; at the lower end, it's a competitive market, always has been and always will be. And so you just have to manage your pricing accordingly.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. I'll let it go and get back in line. Thanks.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of David Raso of Evercore ISI.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Good morning, David.
David Raso - Evercore ISI Group: Good morning. The truck deliveries, fourth quarter to first quarter, can you help us a bit with the geographic mix of saying up a bit sequentially?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah. I think it'd be up, that 1% to 2% increase in volume probably is all North America.
David Raso - Evercore ISI Group: Okay.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: And that just reflects additional production days. We shut our factories down during the Christmas holiday period in North America.
David Raso - Evercore ISI Group: Okay. Helpful. And on the gross margins, you're saying up a little bit from fourth quarter to first quarter, then the comment earlier about your U.S., Canada production sequentially improves throughout the year. So, the gross margins starting the year, make a number up, 14.1%, of the quarter was 13.9%. If you're already above the midpoint of the full-year guide and your U.S. production improves as the year goes on, why would it drag down as the year goes on? Is that a price cost comment or something about Europe we should infer from that statement?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: I think it's just predicated on the market continuing to improve as the year progresses.
David Raso - Evercore ISI Group: But if that was the case, if you're 14.1% or so to start the year, why would the rest of the year drag you back down to 14% or, for that matter, for the low end point?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: So, as I mentioned, the range is the 13.5% to 14.5%. So there's lots of room within that range.
David Raso - Evercore ISI Group: Okay. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: You bet.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: A very good afternoon, I guess, depending on where you are. I guess just a couple questions. You mentioned to Ann, you think gross margins for the year will be 13.5% to 14.5%. But can you just comment, and I think everyone's trying to give this question specifically, what you're assuming for 2017 in terms of potential for material cost headwinds? And can price offset that specifically?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah. I think in terms of commodity cost, I think there is a bit of a upward trend in terms of pressure on commodity cost. But our purchasing and materials and operations teams work very closely with our suppliers. We have long-term agreements that smooth the effects of commodity cost movements, and we have a continual effort on cost reduction activities. So we don't see material cost being a significant factor in the cost of our product in 2017.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: But is price cost net positive, flat, just to be clear?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: I'd say that the pricing environment in North America is probably a little more competitive in the second half of last year. As we started this year, Europe, I think is pretty flat. You just have the effects of sort of the pound-euro exchange rate that have some temporary effects.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Right. So on the margin, a little bit of a headwind, it sounds like.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah, yeah.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. And then I guess my second question, can you talk about what your assumptions are on the 13-liter for market share in 2017 versus 2016, and on the 11-liter? And then last question, sorry. Obviously, energy had been – has been a headwind for the broader group. Are you seeing any signs of pickup just based on some of where your dealers are located? Could that be a potential tailwind in 2017?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: So, I think that the PACCAR engine, around that 50% mark is sort of how we see the PACCAR engines, MX-11 and MX-13. And I think there is a bit of optimism about the energy market and the opportunities for next year, but again, that's not a significant element of our total business, but...
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: And you didn't see anything in the fourth quarter or January?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: No, no.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. All right, thanks. I'll get back in queue.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Tim Thein of Citigroup.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Good morning, Tim.
Tim W. Thein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yeah. Hi. Good morning, thank you. The first question was just on the used market in North America. Maybe you could just update us in terms of what you're seeing or what you have seen with respect to pricing. And then just in terms of overall inventory levels, there has been some chatter here recently about some of the OEM groups – or I shouldn't say some, maybe one or two OEM groups holding abnormally high inventory levels. I'm just curious about your degree of confidence in the market's ability if, in fact, that's the case, to be able to kind of absorb that level of inventory.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Sure. From a pricing standpoint, if you look at today versus a year ago, prices are down about 10% for our product. We continue to maintain a premium relative to the competition in the used truck market. A lot of the trucks now that we're starting to see return and we will see return during this year will be our new 2.1-meter product, and that will even have a better value compared to some of our legacy products. So, we're actively engaged in working with our customers on lease returns, trade packages. We just opened our newest used truck facility in Chicago in December. So we're continuing to build our capabilities to handle additional volumes of used trucks. As time goes on, we're also looking at a couple of other locations during the course of this year. So we feel very comfortable with our ability to handle the volume of trucks that we're seeing in our inventory and will be coming back to us during the course of 2017.
Tim W. Thein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Got it. In that 10%, I know there are some quite big spreads between wholesale and retail, but would you – what would you put for the market, closer to 20%, in terms of year-over-year, and adjusting for model years and everything?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: All I know is our product and our prices.
Tim W. Thein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yeah. Okay, fair enough.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: And that average is 10%.
Tim W. Thein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: For – okay. And then just on the raw material question, can you update us, I know that you had done some work in a factory a couple years ago in terms of some of the basically engineering out some cost. And I believe you were about two-thirds of production, North America had moved to that kind of updated model. Is that where we sit today? I'm just curious if there is more room to effectively increase that, those production of the models that, yeah.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah. Part of our R&D budget last year, this year, will just be continued to enhance the product offerings of our 2.1-meter product line. And so it's 70%, 75% of what we do today, and it will continue to grow as the years progress. So, the favorable benefits of that will continue to be recognized.
Tim W. Thein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Steven Fisher of UBS.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Good morning.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning. Wondering what your outlook is for Parts margins from here. And I think the theory was that the more of your own engines you have out there and the more they're aging, the margin mix of your Parts business should start to get more robust. But where are you in that process? Because it looks like the margins have maybe leveled off a little bit.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah. If you look back over a two or three year period, the margins in our Parts business have progressed nicely. And so, it depends a lot any given time on the mix of parts that you sell, et cetera. And we expect the percentage of engine parts to continue to grow gradually over time, and I think that will have a positive impact on margin percentages. The other side of that is we're also growing and expanding our TRP capability. We ended the year with 77 independent TRP stores owned by our dealers. Those parts carry a lower margin, but they also give us additional volume, additional contact with additional customers, and is a great initiative that's really been a key focus of our dealers to take advantage of that opportunity to grow their presence in their market. So I think that there is a balance of puts and takes there.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: So do you think that adds up to a higher Parts margin in 2017 versus 2016?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: The effects are going to be, I think, nominal.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then the Financial Services sequential profit improvement reversed a four-quarter slide. Were there any one-time benefits, and how should we think about the trajectory of Financial Services profit in 2017?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: As we look at 2017, I think the portfolio balance will be comparable to where it has been. A lot of the variations in profitability over the last eight quarters had been tied to used truck movements. And so, used trucks will play a significant part in how the profitability of the Financial Services segment performs in 2017.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: So the fact that it's showing improvement, do you think that's also a reflection of the more balanced used market?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah. I think there's, yeah, I that's a key element of it, and when you recognize the impact of lower used truck prices on your portfolio.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Good morning, Jerry.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Good morning, good afternoon, everyone. I'm wondering if you could talk about the impact of dealer inventory destock on your Parts business in 2016. I think over the past couple of quarters, you mentioned that some dealers had reduced inventories. And now that the new order picture is clearing up, I'm wondering if we could see some inventory stocking in 2017. Can you just frame the order of magnitude for us?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah, our dealer inventories have been in great shape, really, throughout 2016 and as we enter 2017. If anything, our dealers probably could use a few more trucks, and we're seeing some good orders early on in 2017 for inventory. So, I think the Parts impact of that is, I mean, it's sort of business as usual.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And I'm wondering if you could talk about how far out your lead times extend in Europe. You spoke about starting the year at higher build rates than a year ago. How much visibility do you have? What was book-to-bill in the fourth quarter, if you're willing to share it, for Europe specifically?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah, I'd just say our backlogs are in excellent shape all around the world in all of our businesses, and Europe is right in line with that. So we're very comfortable with our backlogs, and they're really balanced in with order intake and demand in the markets right now.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And on pricing, in the 10-Q for last quarter, Mexico was a significant headwind. I'm wondering if you can talk about, is that continuing? Is that what you alluded to in the prior Q&A as a headwind in North America, and how much of that is currency driven?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: One more time, Jerry? I missed the first part.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: The pricing situation in Mexico.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Okay. Sure.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: So, you just talked about a significant headwind in the third quarter 10-Q, and I'm wondering, is that situation continuing into the first quarter here? And would you attribute that to the currency moves, and any other color you can give us on what's playing out on that market from a pricing standpoint?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah. I wouldn't – I don't know if we said significant headwind, that doesn't make sense to me. But with the depreciating peso, that's a – it's a competitive market. And so you – we try to – we basically sell in U.S. dollars. So, we've got to work with customers to balance their ability to invest in new equipment and our ability to sell it at a fair price.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And so, if the currency continues to move in the direction it's been trending up over the past, call it, one quarter to two quarters, do you have any opportunities to mitigate the currency impact on your sales into Mexico, maybe a small assembly operation, anything along those lines we should be thinking about?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: We produce, for Mexico, we produce all of our trucks in Mexico. So, we don't have cross-border matters to deal with there. So, but a lot of the components come from U.S. suppliers, as they always have.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: All right. Thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of David Leiker of Robert W. Baird.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Morning, David.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hey, this is actually Joe for David.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Good morning, Joe.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: You've been giving order share in the U.S., Canada market in recent quarters. Is it possible to get an update of maybe where that was during Q4?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah, so for the full year, Peterbilt and Kenworth were at 32% share of the order intake, and I think for the fourth quarter, just under 30% in the fourth quarter.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. So, given share has been so high recently, and I think you've talked in the past, it's a competitive market, it's tough to maintain such a magnitude of a jump that PACCAR has seen, are you seeing maybe greater inroads? And thinking about the 2017 environment, particularly the two European OEMs entered 2016 with very high inventory, maybe they start to come back a bit?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Our guys – we have great products, and I think the market has always recognized the premium value of Kenworth and Peterbilt in North America, and DAF in Europe, and our teams are working hard to sell those great products. It's a premium value at a premium price, and not everybody is willing to pay that, but we've grown our share over time in both markets, and our goal is to continue to increment share as we progress over the coming years.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: And then maybe a similar conversation in Europe, I think what people might be trying to figure out is an industry forecast, minus 9% in 2017, you're going to start up. It sounds like you started to see some softening in particular countries as the UK softened at year-end. And so, is that difference between DAF and the industry, just your order intake and your backlog, and that's what's driving it?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: I think our market assumption, as I mentioned previously, is probably a bit conservative based on where we're at currently, but the UK market has been pretty steady. And we've gotten good orders this year into the UK and all of our markets around the market. So I think we're in good shape as we enter 2017.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nicole Deblase from Deutsche Bank.
Nicole Deblase - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Good morning, Nicole.
Nicole Deblase - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. So my first question is just around, I guess, the tone of conversations that you're having with dealers and customers in the U.S. Just we've got improvement in the PMIs and it feels like general business sentiment is getting better. So just curious if you're seeing that reflected in your conversations with dealers and customers as well.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Well, I might let Bob address that for North America and let Harrie comment on the Europe situation.
Robert J. Christensen - PACCAR, Inc.: I think that's a correct assessment, that the tone of conversations is generally positive. We just came back from the American Truck Dealers meeting in New Orleans this past weekend, and I would say dealers are looking optimistically towards the year. Quote activity seems to be normalized, and it should be a very good year for the truck industry once again in 2017.
Harrie C. A. M. Schippers - PACCAR, Inc.: And in Europe, I think I can confirm that business and industry confidence levels are at high levels. Freight, like Ron mentioned, is at good strong levels, and as a result, our order and backlog is in good shape.
Nicole Deblase - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks. And this one is kind of nitpicky, but I'm getting to the bottom of my question list here. Just why did you guys opt to cut R&D guidance for 2017? Is there anything significant there?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Nothing significant. As we dialed in our budgets for next year and looked at our product plans, that's the amount we need to continue to support the product and build our business. So, I think we are very – just a little bit sharpening of the pencil, as I say.
Nicole Deblase - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. Thanks. I'll pass it on.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Andy Casey from Wells Fargo.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Good morning, Andy.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hey, good morning and afternoon. And good luck, Bob.
Robert J. Christensen - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: You're welcome. So, not sure if you guys mentioned this already, but can you share any change in the order activity? I know in Europe, I know Harrie just talked about it being in good shape. Was that up, down or flat?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: I think when you compare orders, Harrie, I mean, you've got some information in terms of the fourth quarter of this year compared to the fourth quarter of the prior year?
Harrie C. A. M. Schippers - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah, the total order intake for DAF in the fourth quarter in the heavy segment was up 19% in the fourth quarter of 2016 compared to 2015.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then, rest of world volume has been steadily growing through 2016. Can you give a little color as to what regions were driving that?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Well, we continue to increment our build in Brazil. It's a difficult market, but our team is step-by-step increasing production and increasing their market share, and Mexico was – a good year for Mexico. Australia, the mining sector is – has slowed, but we just launched our new T610 product in Australia, and their backlog is starting off very strong and we'll be looking at some build rate increases in Australia in the coming weeks. And we are seeing some increasing demand in markets like Russia, that the demand for Euro 5 vehicles is increasing, and DAF is doing a good job of getting their share of that additional demand in Russia.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: That's good news. Thank you very much.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weber of RBC Capital Markets.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Good morning, Seth.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, good morning and good afternoon. I just wanted to go – a couple quick questions. On Brazil, you mentioned that the market is obviously still tough, but your volumes are increasing and your absorption should be getting better. Is there a kind of a critical mass that we should be thinking about for that region or for your production where, I don't know if you'll comment or not, but is that facility breakeven for you or profitable for you today, or can that sort of flip from losing money to making money any time soon, if you can comment on that?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah. I think a lot – just it all really depends on the economic developments in the country. And we've seen two years of contraction of over 3%, the expectations for this year is more of a flat development, but the Brazilian economy and the Brazilian – the Brazilians have a lot going for them in terms of resources, agricultural capability. So I think we feel very comfortable long-term with our investment, and as time goes on, it will provide a good return to our shareholders.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets LLC: But at current levels, though, it's still a drag to you?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: It is, yes.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And then just, I guess, a follow-up question. As production volumes get better just across the company or North America, I guess, kind of given the puts and takes around material cost and things like that, is there an incremental margin that you're comfortable talking to as volumes get better?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: I think if you just look at the history of incremental and decremental margins, I think that's how you should think about us going forward.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets LLC: So something like the 20% range or so?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah, exactly.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thank you very much, guys.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Shlisky of Seaport Global.
Michael David Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Good morning, guys.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Good morning.
Michael David Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Just following up on Seth's question about Brazil. Does opening a bank in Brazil help you ramp up the market share penetration? It's been roughly 1% a year for a couple years now. Does it make it any more of a positive tailwind on that, either 2017 or 2018?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yes. For sure, it does, and that's our whole drive behind our finance business, is profitably supporting the sale of PACCAR products around the world, and Brazil is no different. And as we have that financing capability, that will enhance DAF's ability to sell to more customers in the Brazilian market.
Michael David Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities LLC: So, if you have been getting about 1% a year, could you maybe get you to 2% a year of additional share going forward? Just kind of help us to quantify the upside here.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah. I can't really comment on that. I think there's some benefit there. We've been able to get that share here. The product is performing great. We have a great team that represents the DAF brand in the market. And I'm totally confident that we'll continue to grow our share, whatever pace that might be, and that, yeah, the finance company, all other things being equal, will enhance that share growth.
Michael David Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Okay, great. And then secondly, I saw on your issue, you've got a Toronto Parts DC opening. Is that going to open in 2017? And would that be serving?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: No, it will probably be a mid 2018. We're just finalizing the purchase of the land and there will be a permitting process, and so construction will start probably mid-year this year and then finalize mid-year 2018.
Michael David Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Is that going to serve just Canada or will it also serve the Eastern U.S.? And I was curious as to what kind of operation you are placing there. Is that going to be a good margin efficiency improvement like we saw in Renton this year?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Well, I was just in that, our current Toronto Distribution Center about two weeks ago, and the team does a great job in a 55,000-square-foot facility. This will triple the amount of space. We have a growing business, both our dealers and our customers in that area, and this will allow them to grow their parts business in that area and better support a growing base of customers. So, just you saw us build the Renton PDC this last year, which doubled the amount of square footage. We expanded our PDC in Lancaster in Pennsylvania, that really supports the Northeastern part of the U.S. We have a Distribution Center in Montréal that supports customers in Québec. So, this particular PDC is primarily focused on the Ontario area and Middle Canada.
Michael David Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Neil Frohnapple of Longbow Research.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Good morning, Neil.
Neil A. Frohnapple - Longbow Research LLC: Thanks. Yeah. I believe a few years ago, you indicated that Kenworth and Peterbilt U.S. and Canada Class 8 vocational truck share was above 40%. Is that still the case today? And I guess as a follow-up, could you just talk about order activity for the segment in the market and the prospects from higher infrastructure spending potentially coming in 2018?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah, I think that share position is still about right. In terms of demand in that arena, I think demand has been pretty consistent. And for sure, if there is substantial infrastructure investment, I think that would bode well for our ability to sell more trucks into that segment. So, the Peterbilt and Kenworth products do great in that area.
Neil A. Frohnapple - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Could you also talk about your industry outlook for the U.S. and Canada in medium-duty market versus 2016, whether you expect that to be flat, up or down?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: I think fairly flat.
Neil A. Frohnapple - Longbow Research LLC: Great. Thanks a lot. Congrats, Bob.
Robert J. Christensen - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Robert Wertheimer of Barclays.
Robert Wertheimer - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Could you talk about, you mentioned Russia earlier, where are we versus peak in Russia and what's the outlook for the next two, three years, I mean, gradual strengthening your return? And maybe just a second comment, we have data on used truck pricing, which you alluded to in the North American market. What is European used truck pricing like, up or down or flat?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah, I'd say European used truck pricing is relatively flat. In terms of the Russian market, we're probably still on the ascent in terms of a couple years ago, the market was stronger. DAF sold about 3,000 trucks into Russia. Last year, it was just under 1,000 trucks. And so, there is good upward trend, but certainly more upside potential.
Robert Wertheimer - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Sam Rathod of Macquarie.
Sameer Rathod - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi. Good mooning. Sameer Rathod.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Good morning.
Sameer Rathod - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: There has been a lot of discussion by the current administration about reducing regulation, including environmental. Do you think this is a net positive or negative for intermediate truck demand? Because on one hand, you have newer standards historically helping driving replacement cycles, on the other hand, reduced regulation may spur business activity.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: We're preparing for the regulations as they exist currently. It's difficult to plan based on speculation, and so we're developing our products for the future, following the greenhouse gas regulations that are in place. So, if those change, we will reevaluate our plans and adapt accordingly.
Sameer Rathod - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Group of Wolfe Research.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey. Thanks. Morning, guys.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Good morning.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: So can you share the – sorry, if I missed it, what you're expecting for Parts revenue growth this year and Financial Services margins?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: So Parts revenue growth, I indicated we expect 2017 to be 2% to 4% growth rate. Financial Services margins, I think were – probably see our spreads be relatively steady, and I think a big factor in the results would be the movement of used truck values, but our portfolio in our Finance business is performing excellently. Our team generated a share of 26% of all PACCAR products sold that they financed last year. And so the finance team continues to manage their business in a very prudent way, and generate a good contribution to PACCAR's results.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then, just secondly, can you just talk about the percent of your U.S. cost of goods sold that are imported into the U.S.? And then maybe just broadly, how you're thinking about any potential changes you might want to make if we get a border adjustment tax?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: That's – a lot of speculation on trade matters, and so we'll address those as they come at us. We source materials from all over the world, majority out of the U.S., I don't know what that percentage might be. But we're – we source just as all the automotive and commercial vehicle industry does. So whatever the effects might be for us would be similar for the industry.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: So you're saying that you don't want to give a number in terms of how much of your U.S. cost of goods are imported, but you're saying you wouldn't think it's any different than any other OEM?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: I don't think it's any different.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Joel Tiss of BMO.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Last and least, I'm used to that.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Hey. The best for last with Joel. That's how I look at it.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yeah. Something like that. And then, so just there's been a lot of questions, so I'll make it quick. But the fourth quarter, the drop-off in the gross margin and the profitability is really just from end of year adjusting inventory, cleaning out, whatever, getting rid of some new unused product, and feeling some of the pricing pressure that's been evident in the market to set up for 201. Is that fair?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah. I think there is a bit of competitive pricing pressure, the pound-euro exchange rate had some effect. In our fourth quarter, we typically will do some projects in our factories, so we have some maintenance projects that we do over the shutdown period. And so just normal stuff, so nothing unusual.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And then there was a slide from your December presentation that you – it suggested at least that you're going to capture some parts sales from the more technologically advanced stuff, like adaptive cruise control and lane departure warning system. Can you give me a sense of how can you do that? Those are someone else's – those are mostly someone else's parts. And so, I just – I don't know, it's hard for me to understand that. But I'm not the brightest guy in the planet either.
Robert J. Christensen - PACCAR, Inc.: So, Joel, we sell a combination of our captive parts, as well as vendor supplied parts that we bring into our warehouse and have available for dealers. We manage that dealer inventory, and as parts for those systems are consumed at retail, then we will resupply the dealer from our warehouses. But we have access to all parts that are used on PACCAR products around the world.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. So, just maybe a little bit less markup just because there is more hands touching it or something like that?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah, I think that's fair.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. All right. I'm not getting back in queue. Thank you very much.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Joel, always good to talk to you.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): All right, see you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Bye.
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Ken Hastings - PACCAR, Inc.: We would like to thank everyone for their participation, and thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-25 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Hastings - PACCAR, Inc. Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc. Robert J. Christensen - PACCAR, Inc.
Analysts: Alexander Eugene Potter - Piper Jaffray & Co. Nicole Deblase - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Ross P. Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Timothy W. Thein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets LLC Neil A. Frohnapple - Longbow Research LLC David Raso - Evercore ISI Michael David Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities Mike J. Baudendistel - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Joseph John O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC Kwame Webb - Morningstar, Inc. (Research) Barry George Haimes - Sage Asset Management LP
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded, and if anyone has any objections, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings - PACCAR, Inc.: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Ron Armstrong, Chief Executive Officer; Bob Christensen, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Barkley, Senior Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls, if there are members of the media on the line, we ask that they participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general, economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Ron Armstrong.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Good morning. PACCAR reported good revenues and earnings for the third quarter of 2016. PACCAR's third quarter sales and Financial Services revenues were $4.2 billion, and third quarter net income was $346 million, a strong 8.1% after-tax return on revenues. PACCAR achieved excellent Truck, Parts and Other gross margins of 14.7% driven by Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF's premium products, a robust European truck market, strong part sales and rigorous cost control. Kenworth and Peterbilt achieved record quarterly Class 8 market share of 31% in the U.S. and Canada. DAF increased year-to-date heavy-duty market share in Europe to 15.6%. PACCAR's increasing its investments and delivering new products and technologies, as reflected in the recent introduction of the new PACCAR axle, enhancements to PACCAR MX engines, and the DAF Connect Telematics System. I'm very proud of our 23,000 employees who've delivered industry-leading products and services to our customers worldwide. This year marks the 20th anniversary of PACCAR's acquisition of DAF Trucks. Kenworth, Peterbilt, and DAF have achieved great synergies together. DAF has grown its market share from 9% to 15.6% in the last 20 years. DAF sells trucks, engines, and aftermarket parts in over 100 countries worldwide. DAF's expertise in powertrain development contributed to the production of PACCAR MX engines in North America and 47% MX engine penetration in Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks. PACCAR delivered 34,900 trucks during the third quarter. Deliveries in Europe were 4% higher than last year's third quarter. The deliveries in the U.S. and Canada, reflecting a lower market, partially offset by strong share growth. We've raised our 2016 forecast for Europe's greater than 16-tonne market to a range of 290,000 units to 300,000 units, reflecting strong demand in a steady economy. The eurozone's GDP growth for this year is 1.5%, with 2017 projected at a similar level. Freight transport activity on German highways is up 3% year-to-date compared to the same period last year. And we expect the 2017 European heavy truck market to be another excellent year in a range of 260,000 units to 290,000 units. The U.S. economy is growing 1.5% this year as well. U.S. housing starts will grow 6% to 1.2 million units, and the automotive industry will deliver 17.2 million vehicles, comparable to last year's record sales. Our estimate of retail sales for this year's U.S. and Canadian Class 8 truck market is a range of 215,000 units to 225,000 units. For 2017, economists are forecasting higher GDP growth of 2.2%, an increase in housing starts of 8%, and strong auto sales of 17.1 million units. Industrial production is expected to grow nearly 2% next year, which should be good news for the truck industry. We estimate U.S. and Canadian Class 8 truck industry retail sales will be in a range of 200,000 units to 230,000 units in 2017. PACCAR global truck deliveries in the fourth quarter are estimated to be about 5% lower than the third quarter, due to more holidays and slightly lower build rates in North America. This is partially offset by higher build rates and more production days in Europe. Truck, Parts and Other gross margins in the fourth quarter are forecast to be 50 basis points to 100 basis points lower than the third quarter. PACCAR Parts business generated quarterly revenues of $765 million. Parts quarterly pre-tax income was $338 million, with an excellent pre-tax return on revenue of 18.1%. These results were driven by the growing number of PACCAR trucks and engines in operation, an expanding network of TRP stores, and the many innovative products and services offered by PACCAR Parts and our dealers. PACCAR Financial Services third quarter pre-tax income was $71 million. Excellent portfolio performance contributed to the good results. During the quarter, PACCAR Financial enhanced its technology leadership with the introduction of a mobile sales and credit system, which allows customers and dealers to complete a loan application, receive an expedited credit decision, and electronically sign a contract on a mobile device. PACCAR's strong balance sheet and cash flows have enabled the company to invest over $6 billion in new products, technologies and facilities in the last 10 years. PACCAR estimates capital spending of $375 million to $400 million, and R&D expenses of $240 million to $250 million this year. In 2017, we forecast increased capital investments of $375 million to $425 million, and increased R&D expenses of $270 million to $300 million. These investments will enhance PACCAR's integrated powertrain, deliver advanced driver assistance and truck connectivity technologies, and add additional capacity and efficiency to the company's manufacturing and parts distribution facilities. Thank you. I'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Alex Potter with Piper Jaffray.
Alexander Eugene Potter - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Was wondering if you could talk first about growth in the Parts segment. We've seen some good sequential increases here over the past two quarters, still comping down in year-over-year terms, though. So I was just wondering – I know that historically you'd spoken about dealer inventory issues in past quarters, maybe some other moving pieces there, but just wondering if you could give an update on what exactly is going on there and whether you're changing your forward-looking expectation so that segment can sustain, call it, low to mid single-digit growth?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: No. I think as we look forward comparing the second half of this year to the first half of this year, we think that we'll see 2% to 4% growth during that period. And as we think about next year with the increasing number of PACCAR engines that are in the field and (8:35) with our customers, we've sold over 100,000 MX engines so far, I think we feel that next year's Parts revenue growth we'd continue to see somewhere in the 2% to 4% revenue growth range.
Alexander Eugene Potter - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. Very good. And then I had another question on raw material price fluctuation. Obviously, that's been a topic that folks are focusing on quite a bit recently, as well as the potential impact on gross margins. So, just wondering if you could provide an update, maybe a reminder on exactly how PACCAR deals with that contractually with suppliers, long-term supply agreements, and any impact you think that raw material fluctuations could have on margins maybe in this most recent quarter and then in coming quarters as well?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Well, we have – 75% to 80% of our purchases are under long-term agreements with our suppliers. Many of those have adjustment clauses that spread the effects of material cost movements over time. And I would say that the effect today has been pretty nominal.
Alexander Eugene Potter - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. Very good. Thanks, guys.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timothy Thein with Citi.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Good morning, Tim.
Operator: Mr. Thein, your line is open. If you are on mute, please unmute your line. Hello, Mr. Thein, if you are on mute, please unmute your line and proceed with your question.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: I think we should move on.
Operator: Certainly. Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher with UBS.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. Thanks. This is Cliff Richard (10:32) on for Steve.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Good morning, Cliff (10:35).
Unknown Speaker: I had a question – good morning. Thanks for the color, guys. On the special dividend, how do you determine whether it'll be flat year-over-year? Just thinking about the market for next year and just wondering what your planning process is for that.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Well, we have a discussion with the board during the course of the fourth quarter and the board will evaluate a lot of factors and that decision will be made in our upcoming board meeting. So, if you look at the payout ratio over time it's typically been in the 40% to 50% of net income.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Thank you. And then just on used pricing, how did used prices trend during the quarter? Are you seeing any changes in that market?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: I think the used prices both in North America and Europe during the third quarter were relatively stable, so not much movement during the quarter.
Unknown Speaker: Thanks very much. I appreciate it.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Nicole Deblase with Deutsche Bank.
Nicole Deblase - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, guys. Good morning.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Good morning.
Nicole Deblase - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So, this wasn't in the press release and I know it's still a really small part of your business. But, Ron, I'm curious about your outlook for the Brazil truck market in 2017.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: This year, we think, hopefully will be the bottom of this cycle and we expect to see some positive movement. I think the country is taking some really positive moves with some of the fiscal actions. So, we're optimistic that the market will improve. But more importantly, we're very optimistic about the DAF product, its position in the market, the DAF dealers who represent DAF, and our ability to grow our share as we move forward. So, somewhere 40,000 trucks, probably plus or minus compared to 30,000 trucks to 32,000 trucks this year.
Nicole Deblase - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Got it. Thanks, Ron. That's helpful. And then just shifting to U.S. and Canada dealer inventory. I know last quarter you said that you're pretty comfortable with your inventories in the channel. Is that still the case? And then, what's your view on industry inventory levels?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: I'm very comfortable with our situation. We have less than 60 days worth of inventory. In North America, with great shape in Europe, so inventories are in great shape. I think the numbers I see, the industry inventories have moved down and so that should be good for future orders.
Nicole Deblase - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Got it. Thanks. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good afternoon, guys.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Good afternoon, Ann.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: How are things?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Great.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good. Can we take a look at your forecast for 2017 for U.S. and Canada? It's a bit more optimistic than ours or some of the industry pundits. And last year this time, you were a lot more optimistic about U.S. and Canada for 2016. Can you just talk a little bit about where your forecast might have been wrong for 2016 and where you think the risks might be for 2017? I mean, there could be upside or downside frankly, but what you're seeing out there and what gives you confidence in 2017 forecast?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Well, if you recall, we get smarter every quarter. And as we've progressed, we adjusted our U.S. and Canada markets downward and Europe upward. So, things happened in the economy around the world in the year (14:32). So, sometimes you are on the right side, sometimes you are on the other side. For next year, based on economic growth expectations of 2% or so plus some industrial production improvement, continued strength in housing and automotive, we feel comfortable with the range of 200,000 units to 230,000 units for next year, and we'll see how that progresses. Again, we'll be smarter every quarter.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, but were there any pockets of surprise in 2016 where you thought there might be a better market than it turned out, so I'm just trying to get some idea of where the weakness might exactly have shown up?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: I think it was more of – again, it's more of a macro view than a micro view.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then just as a follow-up, can you kind of size the UK market for us, for you versus Eastern Europe, and if the UK continues to be under pressure on Brexit actions or fears versus the Eastern Europe maybe continuing to be strong into next year? I mean, if you put all of Eastern Europe together, which is a bigger market for PACCAR, for DAF?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Well, that's – so the UK is typically 10,000 trucks to 11,000 trucks per year, which is a really good market for DAF and post-Brexit, the demand for trucks and parts is still present. Obviously, the pound movement has had some slight impact on margins, but the pound goes up and down and the prices are just over time. So, whatever impact there is, is temporary.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And the size of the Eastern European market for DAF?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: I don't have those numbers, Ann.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Maybe we can circle back. I'm just trying to figure out the net impact of maybe one being weaker and one being stronger. So, I'll get back in line and we can talk about it offline.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Okay.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Good morning.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC: I'm trying to think a little bit about your MX engine penetration. I think when we first started on this path, it was like a 50% penetration goal and, I guess, we've achieved that and I assume that's going to go higher going forward. I'm wondering if you have just a view of what 2017 might look like. But more than that, I'm trying to think about the utilization at that plant in the U.S. and I'm wondering – I'm assuming that as we get more penetration and more units of MX engine that should be a margin tailwind for the company, but I'm curious if you just might flesh that out for me?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Well, as we do with all of our factories, we invest for the expected capacity in the mid-term, I guess you could say. And as we look long term, we'll continue to make investments to support our expectations, and so we expect the penetration of that to continue to climb gradually over time as more and more customers get the MX in their fleet and transition to more and more MX mix. So I think we're well-positioned supporting the current market, and we'll continue to invest with new machinery to support the ongoing needs of – really our global needs around the world.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC: So is part of your CapEx increase because you need some more capacity at that plant?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: We have some ongoing currently, yes. So we have a little bit of impact in 2016 and some ongoing investment in 2017.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Great. That's helpful. Thanks.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Good morning.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Good morning, Jamie.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Two questions, I guess. One, given that we're sort of at the end of October, can you talk to sort of what you're hearing from the big fleets and sort of how they're thinking about 2017, regardless of your retail sales forecasts or what you're hearing from the small and medium-sized fleets? And then, I guess the second question on 2017, assuming that your retail sales forecasts are correct for both the U.S. and Europe, I don't think you talked about this in the prepared remarks. Can you talk about where you think gross margins can be, whether they'd be flat, down or up, just with some of the market dynamics that are taking place? Thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: So, our discussions with our customers have really focused on, one, the great performance of our products in the market. Discussions have typically centered on, I guess I would say a comparable level of investment next year to what they've done this year, sort of small, medium, large, et cetera. I think a lot of that will obviously be dictated by how the economy develops. In terms of gross margins, thinking about next year, obviously, there's a lot of things that will impact that over time. Right now I would say, our next year margins would be comparable to what we'll see in the fourth quarter this year, plus or minus 0.5% up or down.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): I'm sorry. What did you say the fourth quarter margin was?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: So, I said it'd be down about 50 basis points to 100 basis points from the third quarter levels.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. All right. Great. Thank you so much. I'll get back in queue.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ross P. Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning. Thanks, guys.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Good morning.
Ross P. Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. I mean, PACCAR was very early at cutting production in late 2015 and your – it sounds like, got into a slightly weaker Q4. Are you taking production down another notch in the U.S. right now? And would you suspect that, when you do that, you'll be able to produce in line with retail for 2017, which you're basically guiding flat to down 2% or so?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Well, our approach has always been, for a lot of years, has always been to build based on demand of our customers and our dealers, and our actions with respect to production reflect that. The great news is that in the third quarter, we achieved a record market share for Peterbilt and Kenworth combined in U.S. and Canada of 31%. So, great recognition of the great products that they're producing at their factories currently, and we'll continue to build based on what that market demand looks like. So, inventories are in great shape, and so I would think that retail would be closely tied to production levels as we move forward.
Ross P. Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thank you. And just on Parts, with respect to this 18% margin that you've held, I think, for seven over the last eight quarters, or somewhere close to that. Do you feel like it's sustainable going forward? Because certainly you've been operating and performing at a level higher than you were two to three years ago.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Sure. And the team has done a great job with leveraging the operating infrastructure that we have in the Parts business. We've obviously added – enhanced our Parts distribution capabilities in the Northwestern part of the U.S. with the Renton facility. We'll be adding some additional facilities in the coming future, all balanced to meet the market demand and ensure that our customers are getting the best support in the industry with keeping their trucks operating and on the road. So I think we'll continue to see that level of performance.
Ross P. Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Andy Casey with Wells Fargo.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good afternoon and morning.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Good afternoon and morning to you.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. It's afternoon here. Anyways, I'm wondering if I could pull some of the information that you usually put in the 10-Q a little bit forward. Could you comment on average selling prices in the truck segment, and was that negative again in this quarter? It had been for the first two quarters.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: I think slightly. I think, yeah, slightly negative. Typically, the average sales price of a truck in Europe is a little lower than the average sales price in North America, so mix has some impact on that.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you, Ron. And then, if I look at the fincorp (24:03) and I'm splitting hairs a little bit, we have seen some really modest increases in the provisions for losses on receivables. I mean, it's clearly not close to the levels of, call it, eight years ago or so. But what region is driving that modest increase or is it just kind of spread all over the place?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: As you said, it's very modest. The portfolio is performing – actually that credit loss level is at historically low levels and few customers in the oil and gas business, but that's the focus of it.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then just a clarification. I think in your prepared remarks, you talked about sequential parts into the fourth quarter. What was that comment?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: I didn't really comment on that, but I think the fourth quarter, we're looking at comparables revenue levels I think in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timothy Thein with Citi.
Timothy W. Thein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great, Ron. Can you hear me now?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah. We can hear you, Tim.
Timothy W. Thein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Yeah, yeah. Sorry about (25:21) earlier.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: No problem.
Timothy W. Thein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Just going back into the U.S. and Canada, obviously, just given Peterbilt's position, the vocational market, pretty well represented there. It looks as though your overall retail outlook a little bit more positive than some. But I'm just curious, as we hear from some of the big truckload companies here in the past day or two, looks like they're pulling back on spending a bit more. So I'm just curious if you could maybe slice your comments on U.S. and Canada more finely between trucks versus tractors for 2017 in terms of your expectations for the broader market?
Robert J. Christensen - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah. Tim, it's Bob. I think we see a fairly comparable level of buy from both the vocational and the over-the-road customers in 2017 from 2016. Both Kenworth and Peterbilt have strong vocational presence. I think combined the company is 35% to 40% market share in the vocational business, which has been very, very good for us over the last couple of years. But increasingly, the new Peterbilts and the new Kenworths are getting even more traction in some of the larger fleets, and so we're getting incremental kind of conquest purchases from customers. But on balance, we think that 2017 is going to look very, very comparable to 2016.
Timothy W. Thein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Got it. And then just coming back to the question earlier on used values. Can you comment on what – I mean, the MX has been out there long enough and just given normal trade cycles, presumably, you've got a little bit more volume to make a call on – or to have a little bit more visibility on it. Can you just give us some color in terms of how the trucks with the MX have been performing in the secondary markets?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: So, we're starting to get those – those first trucks are that we built in 2010, 2011 are now passing onto the second owner and I think what we'll see as time goes on is the durability with the CGI steel that we use to build the head and block and just the rigorous testing that we put the engines through that that will be reflected in the used prices over time as we move forward. So we're very optimistic about how that will progress.
Timothy W. Thein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Tiss with BMO.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey, guys. How's it going?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Good. And you?
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): All right. If you keep getting smarter every quarter, by 2019 you will be able to give us a single point earnings forecast.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: (28:27) Joel.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I wondered in the Parts decline, if you can give us any color in the quarter, if it was more on the volume side or any pricing weakness or mix?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: No, it's primarily – it's all volume related, nothing of – (28:40) sort of the volume of shipments, yeah.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And then since some many questions are about sort of doubting your flat forecast for 2017, I just wonder if you can give us a couple of things that we should incorporate into our thinking around levers you can pull to show earnings resiliency in 2017, if things are a little worse than flat.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah. As we commented, we continue to make prudent investments in operating efficiency both in our factories, the warehouses, we continue to use more and more technology in our business processes, in our factories, and continuing to provide new technology to our customers. So we'll just continue to make those investments. And if you look back at the history, we've got a history of delivering 5% to 7% efficiency gains over the long term and we'll continue to make those kinds of investments as we move into 2017.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Great. Thank you so much.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weber with RBC.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey. Good morning.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Good morning.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets LLC: I just want to ask a bigger picture question. With the launch of the proprietary axle, should we think about that as the start of – well, not the start, but kind of the next step in increased vertical integration? And can you talk about what your take rate expectations are for that product starting next year? Thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Well, we have a nice balance of vertical integration with some of our components and great relationships with our suppliers in other areas, and I think we'll continue with that balanced approach for this particular axle. If you look out probably a year or two down the road, this axle will probably be 30%, 40%, 50% of the axles that we put on our North American vehicles. And, of course, the axles we put on DAF products are 100% PACCAR axles. So, we have a combination of vertical and supplier provided, but more and more – much more of the supplier provided components are proprietary in that they're developed to work in a very efficient manner with the rest of our powertrain component. So you'll continue to see that trend as we move forward going with all of our suppliers.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And just from kind of an initial ramp perspective, should we think about it as kind of margin neutral in 2017 and takes a little while to hit critical mass or should that be accretive from the get-go?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: No, I don't think it'll be a big factor in terms of margin performance.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neil Frohnapple with Longbow Research.
Neil A. Frohnapple - Longbow Research LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys. A quick follow-up to Andy's question. Within the Financial Services segment, the increase in the interest and other expense in the quarter, what can that be attributed to? It sounds like used truck prices maybe not so much, anything else you can point to there?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Well, a factor is that used truck pricing and reflecting that as adjustments to depreciation expense over time, so as we have trucks return off-lease (32:25) et cetera, that typically runs through the depreciation expense line. So, that's one element of it. And then the rest of it is just the competitiveness of the market and the spread of interest earned and interest paid. So, that's the two elements of it.
Neil A. Frohnapple - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then, how are your inventory levels positioned at your used truck centers in North America, just curious if inventory levels are normal or higher than historical levels?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah, I would say normal. And we're continuing to invest in our ability to support our used truck operations, as time is going on, we deal with a lot more larger fleets, we're more heavily engaged in taking trade-ins with our customers and are working with our dealers and so we'll continue to invest. We're probably going to open by the end of the year a new facility in the Chicago area and adding some additional capacity at our facility in Salt Lake City. So it's, I'd say, normal at a higher level just given the level of activity that we're seeing with trade-ins and operating lease activity.
Neil A. Frohnapple - Longbow Research LLC: Great. Thanks for the time.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Raso with Evercore ISI.
David Raso - Evercore ISI: Hi. Good morning, good afternoon. The 5% sequential decline 3Q to 4Q, can you help us with that a little bit sequentially when it comes to Europe versus other versus U.S., Canada?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Sure. So it's lower operating leverage from a lower production level for the quarter, a slight reduction in price realization in U.S. and Canada because of the competitive market conditions, and a small impact from the movement of the pound versus the euro. The pound is – well, it's down, it's certainly within a range that we've seen in the last near-term history. And so, as time goes on, we'll work through that, and prices will adjust to a more normalized margin level going forward.
David Raso - Evercore ISI: And just so I'm clear that down 5%, that's a production number? Can I equate that to a unit number as well? I am just trying to work off of down 5% sequentially should be a little over 33,000 units from what you...?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: That's correct.
David Raso - Evercore ISI: So, within that, is that sort of a Europe up 10%, North America – U.S. Canada down high teens, with Other doing their sequential normal uptick?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah, I don't have the specific numbers, Dave, but definitely Europe will be up because of increased workdays and we have the summer shutdowns, so we have more workdays in the fourth quarter, plus a slightly higher build rate, and that will be offset by U.S. and Canada.
David Raso - Evercore ISI: And Other usually – having its usual fourth quarter?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah, I think it'll be pretty comparable to the third quarter levels.
David Raso - Evercore ISI: Okay. And then on the U.S. Canada outlook for 2017, I know it's an industry forecast, not yours. But when I think of the cadence through the year, when we think about retail sales have been running of late still down 20%, orders have been down, up 25%, 30%, the comps do ease, especially for the orders in the spring. Can you take us through your thought process on the down 2%? Is it a industry order rate starting to turn positive by late spring, and it's sort of a unit sales kind of down, call it, high single-digit in the first half, up high single-digit in the second half, a little bit more than that? Just trying to think, how back-half loaded is it, but appreciating that the orders at some point you hope turn positive, given the comps get easier, let's call it, April/May?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah. I think all of the OEMs have been building trucks out of the backlog throughout this year, and so I think you will see the convergence of order levels, retail sales, production, et cetera, at a – whatever the run rate will be. And I think our feeling is that, as we get past the first of the year, we'll see some progression, given the economic assumptions about continued GDP growth, strong housing and automotive, and some return to industrial production growth.
David Raso - Evercore ISI: Yeah. I'm not trying to pin you to a month, but should I take that to mean yes? I mean, it's just mathematically, the orders have to turn positive at some point in 2017 to turn around the retail sales, to be up to down slightly (37:05) for the year. Okay.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Sure. Absolutely.
David Raso - Evercore ISI: Helpful. Okay. Thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Shlisky with Seaport Global.
Michael David Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities: Good morning, guys.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Good morning.
Michael David Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities: So I was wondering if you can give us your outlook for the Class 5 to Class 7 market for 2017. I know it's small for you, but would love to hear your color on how that's going, and how it might turn out next year?
Robert J. Christensen - PACCAR, Inc.: Well, it will be a comparable level to this year, probably somewhere in the 80,000 unit range.
Michael David Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities: Okay. Great. If you can also give us kind of your thoughts on how share is going on that region, in that size range, both this year, and you have goals to grow that share next year in Class 5 through Class 7?
Robert J. Christensen - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah, absolutely. If you look at PACCAR's performance over several years in the medium-duty segment, we grow share in North America 0.5 point per year, and we would continue to expect that would be the case in 2017 as well.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah. If you look at, 2015 was a record year for medium-duty truck deliveries for PACCAR and we're going to be pretty close to that 2015 level for 2016. And so we're optimistic that we've got the products and the supporting network to make that growth continue.
Michael David Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities: Fair enough, guys. Thanks so much.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Baudendistel with Stifel.
Mike J. Baudendistel - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you. I just wanted to ask you, on your European outlook of being down a little bit. I think some others saying it's going to be flat, maybe up a little bit. And just wanted to get some additional detail on what exactly is concerning you, is it the Brexit or certain other things?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Well, I think, at 260,000 trucks to 290,000 trucks, that is an excellent truck market. We've probably taken a little bit of a conservative approach on the heels of 2016 being at 295,000 trucks, which is the best truck market since 2008. So we hope that it would continue at the current pace, but we've been a bit conservative in terms of our projection for our outlook for next year.
Mike J. Baudendistel - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Joe O'Dea with Vertical Research.
Joseph John O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Hi. First question, just on market share in U.S. and Canada, you noted the 31% in the quarter. I think earlier in the year, talked a little bit about larger share capture in order activity. So, it seems like over the past few years, market share has been pretty stable. Do you see some momentum building as you're looking into 2017? Do you think that that step's a little bit higher?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah. If you look at the history, when I started with the company, we were a 21% player and we sort of went up to a new plateau at 25% and now we're at 28%, 29%. Peterbilt, Kenworth continue to introduce additional configurations around their 2.1 meter platform. Peterbilt just launched their Model 520 for the low-cab forward market. We just introduced enhanced axle and engine components that will enhance the performance of the vehicle. So, we continue to increment the product lineup and we'll continue to do that, as we have done for 20 years, and we think that will lead to continued share growth over the long term.
Joseph John O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay.
Robert J. Christensen - PACCAR, Inc.: A relatively steady market share history over the last couple of years needs to be placed into context of an oil and gas business that hasn't been generating any truck sales and we typically have been fairly strong in that segment, so we're offsetting that loss with some of the new wins that Ron talked about.
Joseph John O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: That's a helpful point. Thank you. And then just a clarification on the proprietary axle. I think, Ron, it sounded like from your comments, you were talking about some kind of supplier partnerships, and it sounds like this is that case. This isn't taking something from DAF and bringing it over. This is something that was co-developed and will be manufactured in North America and then supplied to you. Is that how everything works (41:51)?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: That's exactly right.
Joseph John O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. And so in terms of the opportunity for you, you talked about certainly a margin impact, it sounds like it drives more traffic into your dealers and then there's the obvious benefit of that?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Yeah. There's definitely a competitive advantage that comes with this proprietary axle and the integration of it with the rest of the elements of the powertrain, so.
Robert J. Christensen - PACCAR, Inc.: Lighter weight axle and better fuel economy, yeah.
Joseph John O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey, thanks. Afternoon, guys.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Good afternoon.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: So, I had a question, with the share gains that you guys are seeing, are you seeing any noticeable shift of larger fleets versus owner-operators? And is that something that we should be thinking about that has an impact on gross margins going forward?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: I think we've been active in all elements of the market for many years, and we are conquesting new customers all the time, but our product is very competitive with the fleets. And the excellent operating efficiency of our vehicle, the higher residual value, there's a lot of elements that make our products very attractive not only to large fleets, but small and medium-sized customers as well. So, a great product lineup, great performance, continue to demand 10% to 15% difference in terms of residual value versus the competitive product.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: But are you seeing a mix shift within your split between the two?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: I think we've seen that over the last five, six, seven years, more and more of our volume is with medium and larger fleets.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay.
Robert J. Christensen - PACCAR, Inc.: That mix gives us the opportunity to get more looks at the Parts business than we would maybe with owner-operator customers, that also gives us more looks on the Financial Services business. So that mix shift is a positive thing for us as well.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Sure.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Got you. Okay.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: When you say the – the margin performance over the last five, six years, as we've transitioned, it's been excellent.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Can you just comment – so your view on gross margin kind of holding steady from the fourth quarter level next year, what are you assuming for your Class 8 share and the percent of the engines that you're doing on your own?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Well, we typically will assume a share and penetration comparable to the current levels and we'll continue to put in actions to enhance both of those as we progress throughout the year.
Robert J. Christensen - PACCAR, Inc.: Engine share will be comparable to slightly positive compared to this year probably in that 50% range.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, great. And then just last thing quickly, so nice kind of reduction in SG&A this quarter from second quarter. Is that a good run rate going forward or is there a little bit more that you guys can take out there?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: I think if you average – take the average spending for the year, I think that's pretty indicative of our level of SG&A spending.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. All right. Thank you, guys. I appreciate it.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kwame Webb with Morningstar.
Kwame Webb - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Good morning, everyone.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Good morning.
Kwame Webb - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): So I just want to do a longer-term question. So, over the last decade, your market share is up almost 1,000 basis points. You guys have always been known as sort of this premium product with a low total ownership cost. You've made significant inroads into the fleet market. Do you at any point think that your competition kind of gets it and they are trying to mimic that business model at some point or that product proposition at some point? And then the second question is, how do you think about competing against maybe that potential change in strategy?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Well, I can't speak for our competition. I know what our focus is and you laid it out pretty well. It's a focus on providing the highest quality products, low operating cost, premium value for our customers, excellent support with aftermarket parts and Financial Services, and that continues to be our focus for the near, mid and long term, and we'll continue to make investments to build on that, and we'll compete toe-to-toe with our competitors, whatever their approach may be.
Kwame Webb - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): And then just the follow-up here. So, clearly your scales increased, you launched the MX engine four years ago, axles today. I mean, should we start to think about increased vertical integration becoming a much larger part of the story going forward?
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: As I mentioned earlier, it's a balance of vertical integration and supplier provided proprietary components. And so, I think that's the approach that we'll continue to apply as we move forward, and you'll see more – as time goes on, you'll see more branded PACCAR components because they are unique to integrate with our vehicle and our powertrain.
Kwame Webb - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Great. Thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Barry Haimes with Sage Asset Management.
Barry George Haimes - Sage Asset Management LP: Thanks very much. I've two questions. First one real quick, since Brexit, have you had to put in a price increase to offset the FX headwind? And if so, how much might that have been? And the second question is kind of following on David Raso's question about orders in 2017 and when they might inflect. Can they start to inflect upwards given where used truck prices are now? Given that – it seems that people are – or at least a lot of customers are upside down on trades? Or do we need a certain amount of price increase in used to kind of get you to that better audit result? And if so, maybe by how much would used have to come up to kind of put people back in bounce? Thanks so much.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: So, as I mentioned before, the pound moves up and down over time and pricing adjust to reflect that all the OEMs predominantly have their production on the continent, we're very fortunate in that we're the only UK truck maker. So we have a bit of a natural hedge with respect to UK cost and prices. So we'll adjust pricing as the market needs to adjust to earn a fair return on our trucks over time. With respect to used truck pricing, I think, as we progress through next year, customers are keeping their trucks perhaps a little bit longer. At some point, though, the value intersects with the current market, and they'll be back in the market at some point to reinvest in new equipment. The new equipment has such attractive operating efficiencies with lower fuel consumption, better operating efficiency, the reliability and durability of the products are outstanding, so you have to upgrade at some point to take advantage of those features that are on the newer products.
Barry George Haimes - Sage Asset Management LP: Great. Thanks so much. Appreciate the color.
Ronald E. Armstrong - PACCAR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Ken Hastings - PACCAR, Inc.: We'd like to thank everyone for their participation, and thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-26 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Hastings - Director of Investor Relations Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director
Analysts: Stephen Edward Volkmann - Jefferies LLC Timothy W. Thein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States) David Raso - Evercore ISI Michael David Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities LLC Mike J. Baudendistel - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Neil A. Frohnapple - Longbow Research LLC Joe J. O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC Robert Wertheimer - Barclays Capital, Inc. Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC Jeffrey A. Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Kwame Webb - Morningstar, Inc. (Research) Alexander Eugene Potter - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker)
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode, until the question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded, and if anyone has any objections, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings - Director of Investor Relations: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Ron Armstrong, Chief Executive Officer; Bob Christensen, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Barkley, Senior Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls, if there are members of the media on the line, we ask that they participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Ron Armstrong.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning. PACCAR reported good revenues and excellent operating income for the second quarter of 2016. PACCAR's second quarter sales and financial services revenues were $4.4 billion, and second quarter adjusted net income, a non-GAAP measure, was $372 million, an 8.4% after-tax return on revenues. Adjusted net income excludes a favorable $109 million adjustment to the reserve, established in the first quarter this year, reflecting the settlement of the European Commission investigation. Including the reserve adjustment, PACCAR reported net income of $481 million in the second quarter. PACCAR achieved excellent truck, parts and other gross margins of 15.2%, driven by Kenworth, Peterbilt, and DAF's premium products, DAF strong 16% market share, a robust European truck market and rigorous costs control. I'm very proud of our 23,000 employees who have delivered industry-leading products and services to our customers worldwide. PACCAR delivered 36,700 trucks during the second quarter, in line with our expectations, deliveries in Europe were 17% higher than last year second quarter. In the third quarter, PACCAR deliveries will be slightly lower than the second quarter, due to the normal summer shutdown at DAF. Third quarter gross margins are projected to remain strong, but down slightly from the second quarter margins due to the lower production in Europe. PACCAR's industry-leading operating margins reflect the benefits of DAF, Peterbilt and Kenworth's new truck models, record plant operating efficiency, good truck markets and continued material cost savings. We've raised our forecast for Europe's greater than 16-tonne market to a range of 280,000 units to 300,000 units, reflecting strong demand and the steady economic outlook. The Eurozone's GDP growth expectations for this year are 1.5%. Freight transport activity on German highways in the first half of this year was up 3.4% over the same period last year. Since the vote in the UK to exit the European Union, DAF's truck orders, parts and service sales and finance business continue at strong levels comparable to the period prior to the vote. The economic picture in the U.S. is positive, with GDP forecast to grow 1.9% this year. The housing and automotive industries create a large amount of freight. Housing starts are projected to grow 11% this year to 1.2 million and the automotive industry is expected to deliver 17.2 million vehicles similar to last year's record sales. The ISM Manufacturing Index has been over 50 indicating expansion for the last four months. Consumer spending and disposable income are outgrowing the overall economy, which is supportive of freight in the truck industry. We estimate U.S. and Canadian Class 8 truck industry retail sales will be in a range of 220,000 units to 240,000 units this year, which is the third best in the last decade. Peterbilt and Kenworth's combined retail sales market share of the U.S. and Canadian market was 28% in the second quarter. Our share of net orders so far this year is strong at 34%, as customers benefit from Kenworth and Peterbilt's reliable, fuel-efficient trucks, and industry-leading resale values. PACCAR Parts business generated quarterly revenues of $756 million, a 5% increase compared to the first quarter. PACCAR Parts quarterly pre-tax income was $133 million, with a return on revenues of 17.6%. These results were driven by good fleet utilization, the growing number of PACCAR trucks and engines in operation, and the many innovative products and services offered by PACCAR Parts and our dealers. Second half Part sales are expected to improve from first half levels. PACCAR Financial Services second quarter pre-tax income was $77 million, excellent portfolio performance contributed to the good results. During the quarter, PACCAR Financial began providing retail financing in Romania, its 23rd country of operation. PACCAR Financial also acquired land in the Chicago area to construct a new Used Truck Center and expand its sales of Kenworth and Peterbilt premium used trucks. PACCAR strong balance sheet and cash flows have enabled the company to invest $6 billion in new products and facilities in the last 10 years. PACCAR achieved record net operating cash flow of $1.6 billion in the first half of 2016. PACCARs' capital spending of $325 million to $375 million this year is targeted at enhanced aftermarket support, manufacturing facilities and new product development. Research and development expenses are estimated to be in the range of $240 million to $260 million. PACCAR continues to enhance its leadership position in the global truck market by developing the highest quality products and services in the industry. Thank you, and I look forward to your questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Ross.
Operator: It looks like Ross withdrew his question, I apologize. So, your next question comes from the line of Steve Volkmann with Jefferies.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Steve.
Stephen Edward Volkmann - Jefferies LLC: Good morning. I'm here. Maybe just if I could ask you to give us an update on how you see your and industry inventory levels in North America and in Europe? And I guess specifically, I'm trying to think about the potential that you will need to adjust production levels at all in the second half? Or do we think of them as being fairly stable going forward?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: The dealer inventories are in excellent shape, in both of our key markets North America and Europe, and they have been. We adjusted build rates in the second half of last year to balance with demand and we've had steady inventories and steady build during the first half of this year, and projected to see that continue for the second half of this year.
Stephen Edward Volkmann - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Great. Then maybe just a quick follow-up. Retail sales have been running obviously ahead of orders for a while.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
Stephen Edward Volkmann - Jefferies LLC: And I guess the market maybe is having a little bit of trouble figuring out whether we should be paying more attention to one versus the other. Is it your view that orders will sort of recover to retail levels once inventories get in shape? Or do you think that once people take deliveries of these trucks, the order rates will continue to be lower and things will sort of take another step down?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, I think there's a lot of trucks still being produced on some of the backlog. And so, I think orders will come back to better reflect what the retail sales activity is. The great news is that Peterbilt and Kenworth, because of their approach to building trucks to customer orders, they've gotten a higher share of the orders during the first half of the year, just under 35%. So they've done a great job of supporting their customers.
Stephen Edward Volkmann - Jefferies LLC: And then just finally, you guys have traditionally a pretty high share in the oil and gas markets, which have obviously been very weak. Any signs of any kind of life there yet?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Oh, I think it's – I think I'd say, it's bottomed out and so the opportunity is up from here, I think.
Stephen Edward Volkmann - Jefferies LLC: Thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timothy Thein with Citi Research.
Timothy W. Thein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you. Good morning.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Timothy W. Thein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): The first question is just – good morning. Just to come back to the outlook that you provided from a margin standpoint, of 14.5% to 15%, there's been some shifting in terms of your regional expectations. But can you come back and revisit us in terms of how you're thinking on that from a full year standpoint?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think we think that's still a good range for the full-year Tim, that's where we expect to land.
Timothy W. Thein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Got it. And then just on Parts specifically, I think the expectation had been North America up – call it I think 3%, and Europe around that range as well. We're starting from a little bit of a hole here in the first half. So any update to that guidance from a revenue standpoint?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think as we look at the second half – I think we see second half Parts sales, probably be up 2% to 4% compared to the first half levels. Traditionally, the second half Parts activity has been a little higher than the first half.
Timothy W. Thein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Understood. Thanks a lot.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Good morning.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Jamie.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Just a couple questions. One, well I know you won't give the official retail sales forecast outlook until next quarter. You've seen some industry experts in the U.S. like ACT, I mean they've taken down their forecast for 2017. They're now assuming a down year. You guys have, within – and then I guess with Europe there's some greater concerns on the longer-term implications of Brexit and how that impacts things. So I guess my question is, I know you're not going to give a specific number, but do you think the market is too bearish on 2017? Or given what you see today, is it fair to assume that 2017 would be down in the U.S.? And then given that you've raised your forecast in Europe, it appears you're not that worried about Brexit, but just sort of your thoughts there? And then my second question is you said PACCAR dealer inventories were good. I don't think you answered or talked about what you're seeing from the competitors – if you could provide any color there? Thanks.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, based on the information we have about dealer inventories, I think we're probably below where some of the competition are with respect to their inventory positions, but we're very comfortable with where we're at, both Europe and North America. With respect to 2017, I guess based on as we sit here today, it feels like some of the negative forecasts feel a bit bearish at this point. That's about all I can say at this point.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thanks. I'll get back in queue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Leiker with Robert W. Baird.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hi, this is Joe Vruwink for David.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Joe.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): When you look at commodity price movements through the first six months of the year, particularly steel, do you have any sense if prices stay at current levels and you get your resets on your pass-throughs into next year, maybe $1 margin headwind you would expect to encounter?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think at this point, we've seen reductions over the last several quarters. I'd say their prices are – or costs are firming, but we don't anticipate any significant impact of material costs movements in the near-term.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's helpful. And then just on the extent of market share gains, both in the U.S. and in Europe, share is typically hard to come by in this industry and it's tougher to hold onto, so you're six months into a pretty big share spike or share improvement. Do you think that can hold? Obviously your residual values, particularly at Peterbilt are well above what the industry is doing, so I'd imagine that's a big positive. But are there things with the new product lineup or other intangibles with PACCAR where you think 34%, 35%, that doesn't just need to be the first six months, it could be a 2016 outcome ultimately?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, again, that's orders in terms of retail sales of second quarter.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Right.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Peterbilt and Kenworth were 28% and reflecting the great products and services with parts and finance that we provide through our dealer network. We have the strongest dealer network. So, when I started with the company, Peterbilt and Kenworth were 21% and they've grown to 28% over a period of time. And over the 20-year period, we've owned off, we've gone from 10% – less than 10% to 16%, so we have a long-term track record of incrementing that share and I think that's our focus with the product lineup and the support activities that we have in place today that will continue to be our focus to achieve those increments.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Maybe let me ask it this way. You're at 28%, you're booking at 34%, so in 2017 are you maybe in the low 30s% for retail share?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think that's – I'd love to be, but that might be optimistic.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thanks very much.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Casey with Wells Fargo.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, everybody.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Andy.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: A question on the European orders? A few of your European competitors have kind of talked about modest declines in their EU region truck orders compared to last year. Can you comment on what you saw in terms of order intake during the quarter compared to Q2 2015?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'd say it was very comparable, nice consistent order board throughout the quarter. So, I'd say it's very consistent with what we saw in 2015 levels. And if you recall 2015, we were increasing build rates throughout the year, this year we started at a stronger pace and we've maintained that and anticipate further build rate enhancements in the second half.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks, Ron. And then the finance companies saw little uptick in provisions for losses on receivables, compared to both last year and Q1. Was that driven by a specific region or can you help us understand? It was small, but what was going on there?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. It's small and it's very discrete in terms of particular customers and activity. So, it really is – the portfolio is performing great, the past dues have been less than 1% now for many years and it continues to perform at that level.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then the last question is kind of how to look at the short term? You talked about the production pattern already slightly lower Q3 versus Q2. Should the margin be somewhat similar in Q3 versus Q2 because you had kind of an earlier than industry production decrease last year in North America that seemed to impact the margin?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I think as I mentioned, we'll see both production and margins down slightly in the third quarter as a result of the European summer shutdown period.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good afternoon.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good afternoon, Ann.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: At least in our time zone it's afternoon. Can you talk a little about what you're hearing from your customers in terms of – we're getting into that seasonal timeframe where large fleets start to contemplate placing orders for 2017 delivery. What are you hearing from the customer base out there?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think it's – looking at the results some of our customers, those that have reported, you see the results are still good. They are not maybe as buoyant as they were a year ago, but still good solid results. And I think a lot of their decisions about truck orders will be driven by the economic conditions. We're seeing lower orders in the first half, and as we talked about I think we'll see orders pickup and customers start to place orders to get in their positioning for 2017 build slots.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And those comments were for North America?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think both, both markets.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then on used prices, we've seen softness in used equipment prices. Could you talk about your brand's used pricing? And also does that have any impact on PACCAR leasing? And is there any downside risk on residual values for PAC leasing?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, used truck prices in Europe are pretty steady. They have been and we're starting to see a few Euro 6 trucks enter into the market and the Euro 6, DAF Euro 6 trucks are really earning a nice premium in the used market. In North America, we have seen a reduction, several of our competitors have sizable quantities of used truck inventories, that sort of dampen the entire market. The good news is that Peterbilt and Kenworth continue to enjoy 10% to 15% premium, relative to the competition. And that's part of the impact on PACCAR Financial Services. Last year, we were earning nice gains with a buoyant used truck market. This year those gains have gone down as a result of just lower average sales prices.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And any residual value risks?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. No, I think, we'd look at that every quarter and adjust our residual values based on the current market at that time. And so that's been reflected in our quarterly results.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher with UBS.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Wondering if you could just talk about the duration of your backlog today, how it's changed over the last few months and the visibility you have for the rest of the year?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, orders have been, just talk about Europe first, orders have been, as I mentioned, very good, and we have a solid backlog and we're anticipating that we'll probably increase our daily build rates during the course of the second half. And North America orders have been below production and retail sales. So, we continue to produce trucks that were ordered in 2015. So, but that – we got some good solid orders in the backlog and we'll continue to build those trucks as well as the orders that are coming in on an ongoing basis.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then shifting over to the Parts side of the business, how do you see the margin opportunity for parts going forward? One of your competitors reported a pretty notable – notably high number. Can you just refresh us on the rebranding strategies you have here to augment parts margins and where you see these margins going from here?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, as we develop new products and have developed new products over the years, we always take a look at enhancing our proprietary content of our vehicles and obviously, with the increasing mix of MX engines in the truck park in North America, that's going to enhance our margin opportunity over time with respect to engine parts. But we also trying to focus a lot on selling parts – our TRP lineup of all makes and those have a little bit narrow margin on those. So it's a balance. And so, I'd say, margins will be fairly consistent with what we've seen in the recent quarterly performance.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Helpful. Thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, good morning, and good afternoon, everyone.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Jerry.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I'm wondering if you could talk about your key partners as you develop the autonomous vehicle platform? Whether it's DAF or Peterbilt or Kenworth, whoever's taking the lead on that? If you could just, to the extent you're willing to comment, talk about the timeframe of when you expect to have a commercial product? Nice to see the progress in platooning. I'm wondering if you're willing to flesh that out a bit more for us?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well obviously, it's very early days with, you know, advanced driver assistance systems, and all of the divisions are actively engaged in discussions with suppliers across divisional lines, technology companies, really there's a lot of participants that we think can help support our entrance into those technologies. So, we're very active and it's going to be probably more than five years before you see something on the road that is fully autonomous and operating day-to-day. Don't know how long that will be, but it's something that everybody is focused on, and we're making some sizable investments in the technologies and capabilities in that area.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And then from a shorter term standpoint, can you talk about what was pricing in the quarter for you in U.S. and Europe in the first quarter 10-Q, looks like there was a modest headwind in Europe? I'm wondering was that just a timing phenomenon? Can you talk about if pricing turned positive in Europe in the second quarter?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think pricing in Europe is pretty – is relatively steady and has been for some time, and U.S. pricing is also steady, obviously the lower used truck prices can impact large transactions you do with fleets. But that's – I'd say the pricing in both markets is pretty consistent.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And lastly, I'm wondering if you're willing to talk about what order inquiry levels have been like in Europe in July, just to calibrate us, what you're hearing from your customers post Brexit, if you're willing to comment directionally?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So, post Brexit, as I said in my comments, the order activity and inquiries continue at good solid rates. We upped our range estimate for the European market. And as I mentioned, we're going to be enhancing our build rate in the second half in Europe to reflect that demand.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Tiss with BMO.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey guys. How is it going?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good. How about you, Joel?
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I'm hanging in there.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): On medium-duty, can you talk about where your share is trending? I'm trying to gauge the success of the new products that you guys rolled out. Maybe like a three-year view of what's happened to your share there?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, the medium-duty product is the same excellent product that we've had in the market for the last several years. And last year, we achieved a record share of 17.2% and we're in that same range, slightly lower than that year-to-date this year. The medium-duty market is – last year was in Class 6 and Class 7, where we participate, was about 80,000 trucks and we think that market is going to be comparable to that level this year. And the durability and again the residual value of those trucks is great in the market, well received by our customers.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Can you just help us to understand the incentive for you guys to sell used trucks outside of the dealer network? You know, building a new facility in Chicago?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So, we have two facilities, one in Salt Lake City, one in Spartanburg, and as there are more larger – the average order size of transactions increases over time, more of those involve trade activity, and we participate with our dealers in consummating those transactions. And so, we want to have a very efficient way and effective way of selling those used trucks into the marketplace. And so this just enhances our capability, and I think we'll see some additional investments over the coming years in used truck distribution capability.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): All right. Thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Raso with ISI.
David Raso - Evercore ISI: Hi, thank you. Maybe I missed this. I apologize. The second quarter to third quarter progression, you highlighted the DAF shutdown. But did you express North America, or I should say U.S., Canada and Other, how do you view them sequentially, 2Q, 3Q?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: The change from second quarter to third quarter, I think we'll be down 500 trucks to 1,000 trucks, and substantially all that's Europe.
David Raso - Evercore ISI: Okay. So, U.S., Canada, you expect to be similar to the 19,800 you just posted in 2Q.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. North America numbers will be comparable.
David Raso - Evercore ISI: Okay. That's impressive. And the Other number was a little higher than I would have thought, 1Q to 2Q. Again, I apologize, I might have missed it. What was the strength in the Other geography, to go from 3,300 units up to 3,900? Talking deliveries, units?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I think that was primarily some additional units delivered in Mexico.
David Raso - Evercore ISI: Okay. That's helpful. And just big picture question – just trying to think about units versus gross margins. Your units this past quarter, if you look back over the last couple years, maybe you look at third quarter of 2014 and say – okay, similar units, in fact, a little bit lower, but the gross margins are nearly 200 basis points higher. Can you just characterize for us just so we have a better understanding – because the parts revenues from them, they're not really much higher as a percent of total revenues so you can't say it's just parts mix. That 200 BPS, how much would you characterize, a) lower input costs, b) I know you're going to say the great work of your people, lowering the costs, I understand that, but maybe that bucket as well? And another key difference is the European shipments are a higher percent of the total now than a couple years ago. So maybe we're not appreciating the profitability of Europe as the mix is going that direction? Just trying to help understand the framework of similar units but 200 basis points higher gross margin – how would you bucket that improvement?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think your first two comments were pertinent. The input costs we've benefited from lower input costs. In 2014, we were still transitioning to the Euro 6 product into the factories, we were ramping up the 2.1 meter product and we were gaining a lot of ground with the MX engine production over that period. And so, the efficiencies that have come with being two years after some of those transitions getting the full benefit of the 2.1 meter products, and our North American factories, all those factors have added and incremented that operating margins. So those are sort of the key elements of it.
David Raso - Evercore ISI: Okay. So I mean the capturing of the Euro 5 pricing, that was harder to get initially, just when you look at – again, it's not perfect math. You try to figure out the average price per truck in Europe by the units and the revenue. It doesn't appear that we don't have the mix exactly within it. The price of the average truck has gone up that much. So I was thinking initially, if you recapture the Euro 5 pricing more now than a couple years ago maybe that's part of the reason.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's not so much the pricing as it is the operating efficiency. The Euro 5 to Euro 6 transition was occurred in a short period of time and as you get past the launch period, you start achieving the operating efficiencies and performance in the field that goes with the enhanced products. And so I think that's just what we've seen over that couple of year period.
David Raso - Evercore ISI: So that's fair. Do you have a warranty number that maybe you can help us with? The warranty provisions, particularly in Europe, from this discussion, how much they've come down in the last couple years?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I don't have that, but that certainly is something that's been an enhancement in our results, is the (32:52).
David Raso - Evercore ISI: I appreciate the conversation.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. Absolutely.
David Raso - Evercore ISI: Thank you. I appreciate it. Bye.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Shlisky with Seaport Global.
Michael David Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Good morning, guys.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Michael David Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Quick question on Financial Services. I saw that margins are down a few points in the first half from the prior year. Is what we saw in the first half similar to what we should expect in the back half of the year? Or if we look at prior years, the margins are actually a little bit higher in the second half versus the first half in other years. Could that happen again this year? Just your kind of outlook on financial margins for the back half would be helpful.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I think, the second half would be comparable to the first half. As I mentioned earlier, the first half of this year compared to last year was primarily the effect of lower used truck prices and the resell of used trucks that come off lease in our Financial Services operations.
Michael David Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Okay. Great. I also wanted to turn secondly to Brazil. Obviously it's still small for you guys. You haven't really mentioned much. Is there any kind of outlook you could say since last quarter? Have things gotten worse in Brazil in your opinion or better? Do you feel like maybe 2017 could be a better year if it's past bottoming out here?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'd say, based on some recent visits to Brazil that, there is, I guess positive momentum in the country with the transition of leadership and the feedback that we get from our customers and our dealers, the product is being very well received. Dealers are enthusiastic about the long-term future as are we. And what we need is just a market. The market is going to be 35,000 trucks or so this year, that's down from a peak of 100,000 trucks. We're continuing to increase our deliveries and our share, albeit at low levels, but the opportunity is definitely there. Our team has done a great job of positioning the brand, establishing the parts and service capabilities. So, I think there's going to be a nice upside, as we progress and I'm hopeful that 2017 is going to be a stronger year than 2016.
Michael David Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Can I just ask that question also on the margin in Brazil? Could Brazil eventually be your best margin business or up there with the other businesses once it's kind of at a bit higher volume rates going forward?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: If you look at the history of Brazil in those peak markets, there were very strong margins in that market. And so, there is no reason that can't happen again, but that's ways away.
Michael David Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Got it. Thanks so much, guys.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Baudendistel with Stifel.
Mike J. Baudendistel - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you. Just wanted to ask you what your long-term growth outlook is for the parts business? Historically, you've done a great job of growing that well ahead of the other markets, 5%, 6%, 7%, 8% a year. Just wondering what your expectation is in light of the investments you've made there? And in light of the fact that we could be in it for a period of lower Class 8 production than we've had the past few years?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think if you look at the history of our Parts business. In the last 10 years, it's grown in an average annual rate 6%, 7% per year and I don't see any reason that can't be comparable pace as we go forward. We continue to invest. We just, in June, had the grand opening of our new distribution center in Renton here in the State of Washington. We're looking at additional distribution center, expansions or new locations both in North America and Europe, and looking at some of the other countries supporting that distribution capability as well. The team continues to invest in their e-commerce capabilities, their support of dealer programs, making it as easy to do business with PACCAR Parts as possible, expansion of their TRP brands and PACCAR branding. So, there's no reason that the team can't continue to grow that business sort of beyond and get a bigger share of that aftermarket Parts market.
Mike J. Baudendistel - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neil Frohnapple with Longbow Research.
Neil A. Frohnapple - Longbow Research LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Neil A. Frohnapple - Longbow Research LLC: I know you guys provided a view on Parts segment sales for the second half, sorry if I missed it. Did you provide a view on profitability for the second half as well? And would you expect pre-tax margins to be comparable to second quarter levels? Any thoughts there?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I think the pre-tax relationship to revenues would be consistent with what we've seen historically.
Neil A. Frohnapple - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then with regard to – can you comment on the MX engine penetration rate in the second quarter in North America? Just any thoughts on the mix of the MX on your current order board?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I think both the penetration and the order board mix are right at nearing 50%.
Neil A. Frohnapple - Longbow Research LLC: Great. Thanks very much.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe O'Dea with Vertical Research.
Joe J. O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Hi.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Joe J. O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: On Europe delivery trends, just seeing sequentially the delivery volumes step down a little bit, and then just with seasonality and some plant shutdowns expected to step down a little bit more in 3Q. And comparing that versus seeing the guidance step up, I guess it was in the fourth quarter of last year deliveries were very strong, and should we be anticipating a similar type of volume in the fourth quarter of this year? Just given the strength of Europe and no apparent impact of Brexit?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, a lot of that delivery volume is driven by the number of workdays. And fourth quarter for DAF typically has the highest number of workdays in their year. So, all of the things being equal, the fourth quarter is typically one of their stronger quarters.
Joe J. O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. And then just in terms of when you think you'll have greater confidence in terms of- we transition out of the summer lull in order activity in North America, will it take – when does inquiry activity really start to pick up for you? We won't see it in actual orders I guess until you get into October and seasonality picks up. But when do you start to feel more confident around the visibility you have into 2017? Just knowing that it was the third quarter of last year when you started to take build rates down toward the end of that. We didn't hear anything about that in the second quarter of last year. Just trying to think about when you'll have a firmer feel for exactly how demand is shaping up into 2017?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I mean, we obviously monitor orders daily. And so, we're very vigilant and we based our production on the level of order activity. And so, as we progress through the summer, get to the September-October timeframe is typically when sort of gauge the level of order activity for the rest of the year and how things might shape up for the beginning of 2017. So three months from now, we'll talk about what our initial expectations are for 2017, a little early at this point.
Joe J. O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Wertheimer with Barclays.
Robert Wertheimer - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Robert Wertheimer - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Two small ones from me. Just a clarification on the steel comment, which I think you said was firming up but not going to be really material near term. Does that reflect the full increase that you've seen in the markets? Or is that more like you don't expect it to affect 2016, and not going to comment on 2017?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I think, again we have long-term arrangements with our suppliers that sort of feed the cost movements into the product over time. And so, at this point, it's not a significant item and we continue, obviously, to work with our suppliers on other elements of cost reductions and incorporating new technologies and new materials into our products. And so, there is always some ongoing cost reduction efforts that we have that tend to offset some of the commodity cost movements.
Robert Wertheimer - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Perfect. Thank you. And then the second one, maybe I'm reading your press release too closely, but when you mentioned investing for future growth in PACCAR Integrated Powertrain components, is that a reference to the 11-liter and the (42:15) and the things that you talked about in the release or is that future, as yet unreleased powertrain changes?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well we continue to work very closely with our suppliers of transmissions, axles, after-treatment and get – be able to achieve the integration of their products and our products, to provide our customers with the most efficient powertrains in the industry. And so that's our focus, is to continue to have calibrations and capabilities that are customized and suited to our powertrain technologies.
Robert Wertheimer - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Perfect. Thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Scott.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: So a couple of just quick ones. Just following up on the gross margin question, can you just comment directionally how gross margins are right now in Europe versus US – Canada?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Directionally – I mean, I'd say...
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Meaning higher – where are we higher right now?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Boy, I'd say it's fairly comparable if you look at the all-in external margin, it's pretty comparable.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then as we contemplate potential impacts at some point from Brexit, can you just share, within Europe, how much of the revenue is in the UK? And then if there's any difference of how much of the cost structure is UK and pound-denominated versus Euro-denominated.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, we have the benefit of having manufacturing operations in the UK, the only OEM to have that. So, we have a partial offset to our revenues that we earn out of the UK. So, the impact as we see it for 2016 is relatively insignificant. And assuming the currency stays at its current level, then the OEMs will make pricing adjustments to achieve a reasonable margin on their businesses in the UK over time. So, we don't see it as being a major factor in our margins over time.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And just can you put some numbers just around the size of UK for you in broader Europe?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, it's about 25% of our revenues for DAF.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Perfect. Thank you, guys.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Kauffman with Buckingham Research.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you very much. Congratulations.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: I just want to – a lot of my questions have been asked but I just want to dig in a little bit deeper on the question David Raso was asking on costs versus maybe benefits from sourcing parts in different locations? So two questions. Number one, if I look at your revenue per unit, it was down about 5%. I want to disaggregate what's a mix issue versus a currency issue versus what actual pricing's doing. And then the same thing with costs. If I take a look at maybe how currency is affecting cost per unit, raw materials affecting cost per unit, versus what's volume related? How do I think about those buckets?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, again, I don't know what you're comparing. If you're comparing back to 2014 to now, clearly currency has had a sizable impact on the revenue side, but also on the cost side. And the cost side has gone down over that period of time because of the excellent factory efficiencies that we've gained with our new products, the performance of those products in the field, the material cost savings, the benefits of commodities, and just ongoing, working with our suppliers to incorporate new materials, new technology into the products to achieve better operating efficiency and cost levels. So the MX engine penetration is beneficial to that as well. So all those things are the elements that are driving that enhancement over that period of time.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: All right. Maybe I'll ask it differently. If I look at just the change versus a year ago, in the cost of goods sold, how much of that should I attribute to lower raw material costs? How much of that should I attribute to currency?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: To a year ago...
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'd say, very little on currency.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And raw material costs?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I think that would be most of the other difference.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And just the last follow-up on the revenue side. If I look at the difference in the revenue per unit, how much of the decline is a mix issue versus a currency issue? And I think you mentioned that your units were retaining their used values well for Peterbilt and Kenworth? But what's happening with retail pricing?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think, that's a lot of that is mix, because the European units have a slightly lower average sales price in the North American units.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay, beautiful. Thank you very much.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kwame Webb with Morningstar.
Kwame Webb - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Good morning, everyone.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Kwame Webb - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): I just had one question and it was following up on the investments that you guys were making. I think there was a comment about connectivity? I understand, I can't remember if it was this year or last year but PeopleNet was going to be the standard telematics solutions provider? Just sort of curious to know why you chose to go with them exclusively on the MX engine? Also, should I read that commentary about investments to mean something more substantial beyond that partnership?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I mean yeah. Truck connectivity is just something that everybody has to have in today's market. And we're into Phase 1 of a probably 20 phase era of enhancing that on an ongoing basis. And we evaluate our suppliers and capabilities of who can provide that. And so, we'll continue to work with our partners and provide the best solution that we think is available in the marketplace for them to get the best result operating the truck.
Kwame Webb - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): And so I guess, the point is for right now it's going to be largely through partnerships to pursue that versus home-growing anything?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I think that's – we have suppliers that – I guess I would add the connectivity pieces, call it common technology. What's most important is, what we do with the data and how we interpret that data in a way that makes our trucks perform better in the marketplace, helps our dealer, support customers and that's all home-grown, so the connectivity piece is pretty common technology.
Kwame Webb - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Great. All right. Thanks so much.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Potter with Piper Jaffray.
Alexander Eugene Potter - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Hi, guys. Thank you. Most of the questions have been answered for me. I just had one on Parts guidance. I think last quarter – somebody touched on this partially in an earlier question – but last quarter you had said you expected Parts to be up 3% for the full year, first couple quarters of the year we've been tracking behind that. I was wondering what it was that has changed in that segment versus last quarter to account for the implicit guide-down in revenue for that particular segment? Thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. This is reflective of what the retail activity is at our dealer locations and our team continues to have great products and services for our dealers to help them to gain share, but I think the overall market is little softer than what we had anticipated previously.
Alexander Eugene Potter - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Okay. So that's just mileage, tonnage, actual freight hauling activity or parts consumption by the truck park out there is just lower than what you thought?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Absolutely.
Alexander Eugene Potter - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Okay. Very good. Thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: And there are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Ken Hastings - Director of Investor Relations: We'd like to thank, everyone, for their excellent questions, and thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Hastings - Director, Investor Relations Ron Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer Bob Christensen - President and Chief Financial Officer Michael Barkley - Senior Vice President and Controller
Analysts: Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Alex Potter - Piper Jaffray Mike Conlon - JPMorgan Joe Vruwink - Robert W. Baird Steven Fisher - UBS Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Joe O’Dea - Vertical Research Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Mike Shlisky - Seaport Global Robert Wertheimer - Barclays
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PACCAR’s First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today’s call is being recorded, and if anyone has any objections, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR’s Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR’s Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Ron Armstrong, Chief Executive Officer; Bob Christensen, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Barkley, Senior Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls, if there are members of the media on the line, we ask that they participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect the expected results. I would now like to introduce Ron Armstrong.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning. PACCAR reported good revenues and excellent operating income for the first quarter of 2016. PACCAR’s first quarter sales and financial services revenues were $4.3 billion and first quarter adjusted net income, a non-GAAP measure, was $348 million, an 8.1% after-tax return on revenues. Adjusted net income excludes a $943 million non-recurring charge for the European Commission investigation of all European truck manufacturers. Including the non-recurring charge, PACCAR reported a net loss of $595 million in the first quarter. PACCAR achieved excellent truck, parts and other gross margins of 14.9%, helped by the strong European truck market. I am very proud of our 23,000 employees who have delivered industry leading products and services to our customers worldwide. PACCAR delivered 35,300 trucks during the first quarter in line with our expectations. Deliveries in Europe were over 30% higher than last year’s first quarter. Looking ahead, we expect a slight increase in deliveries in the second quarter compared to the first quarter. Second quarter gross margins are projected to be comparable to the strong first quarter margins, reflecting the benefits of DAF, Peterbilt and Kenworth’s new truck models, the benefits of steady build rates, good truck markets and continued material cost savings. PACCAR’s forecast for Europe’s greater than 16-tonne market is a range of 260,000 to 290,000 units, reflecting strong demand and a steady economic outlook. Europe’s GDP growth expectations for this year are 2% in the UK, which is DAF’s largest market and 1.5% on the continent. Freight transport activity on German highways in the first quarter was up 4% over the same period last year. Year-to-date, DAF has achieved a record 16.6% share of the heavy-duty market. The economic picture in the U.S. remains positive, with GDP forecast to grow 2.1% this year. The housing and automotive industries create a large amount of freight. Housing starts are projected to grow 11% this year to over $1.2 million and the automotive industry is expected to deliver 17.5 million vehicles, which would be a record. Other positive signals are that the ISM Manufacturing Index has returned to expansion and manufacturing inventories in the economy appear to be stabilizing. We estimate U.S. and Canadian Class 8 truck industry retail sales will be in the range of 220,000 to 250,000 units this year, the third best in the last decade. The economy’s steady growth is supportive of healthy freight levels. The ATA tonnage index continues at record levels. Peterbilt and Kenworth’s combined retail sales market share of the U.S. and Canadian market is 26% year-to-date. Our share of net orders so far this year is strong at 37% as customers appreciate the benefits of Kenworth and Peterbilt’s reliable and fuel-efficient trucks and industry leading resale values. PACCAR’s parts business generated quarterly revenues of $720 million compared to $753 million in the same quarter of last year. PACCAR Parts quarterly pre-tax income was $135 million, an excellent return on revenue of 18.7%. These results were driven by good fleet utilization, the growing number of PACCAR trucks and the engines in operation and the many innovative products and services offered by PACCAR parts and our dealers. PACCAR Financial Services first quarter pre-tax income was $80 million compared to $89 million a year ago. Excellent portfolio performance contributed to the good results. PACCAR’s strong balance sheet and positive cash flow have enabled the company to invest $3.3 billion in new products and facilities in the last 5 years. PACCAR’s capital spending of $325 million to $375 million this year is targeted at enhanced aftermarket support, manufacturing facilities and new product development. Research and development expenses are estimated to be in the range of $240 million to $260 million. PACCAR continues to enhance its leadership position in the global truck market by developing the highest quality products and services in the industry. Thank you. And I would be pleased to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Jamie Cook.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning and nice quarter.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning. Thank you very much.
Jamie Cook: I guess a couple of questions. The gross margins in the first quarter were higher I think than you expected and that relative to what The Street expected. So, can you just talk through, because the Q isn’t out yet, how much of that was material cost, how much of that was benefits from increasing production? And then I also think last quarter, you alluded to being able to achieve flat gross margins year-on-year. Can you talk about your comfort level with that today versus where we sat last quarter with material costs potentially being a headwind in the back half of the year and with the pricing environment?
Ron Armstrong: Sure. So first quarter, we had excellent quarter from an execution standpoint. Our plants had steady build rates, as I mentioned and so able to operate the plants very efficiently during the quarter, continue to see favorable benefits from some of the material cost movement that are purchasing and materials teams are providing with our suppliers working closely with them to provide good value for our customers. The products are performing great in the field, so we have seen a good performance in our warranty cost during the quarter. So, all the elements are just a good quarter of execution provided the results that we have seen. As we look forward for the full year, margins I think will still be in that 14.5% to 15% range for the full year at these build rates. So, we will continue to operate at the kind of levels that we saw in the first quarter, I believe.
Jamie Cook: And I am sorry, can you just also, I will get back in queue, comment I mean last quarter, you talked about your inventory levels being at a much healthier rate relative to your peers. Can you just provide an update on that?
Ron Armstrong: I think the same situation exists. Our inventories are below 60 days in the field and so in great, great position. So, what we produce will find its way to the customers’ hands.
Jamie Cook: Okay, great. I will get back in queue. Thank you.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Potter with Piper Jaffray.
Alex Potter: Hi, guys. Maybe just to follow-up on that question, the initial question there on gross margin. Can you comment on pricing, if you have been seeing any sort of funny business with pricing given the inventory build up that other OEMs in the channel?
Ron Armstrong: I would say, pricing is pretty steady in the marketplace and that’s what we experienced in the first quarter.
Alex Potter: Okay, very good. Then I was wondering also if you could comment a little bit on your outlook for areas other than North America and Europe, so Brazil obviously, but also the rest of South America, Mexico, Australia and maybe the other regions that you sell material amount of trucks into?
Ron Armstrong: Yes. First talk about Australia and Mexico, I would say the markets there are good, steady and our plants out there also operated very efficiently during the quarter and markets are pretty reasonable. Brazil, the country is challenging, but we continue to move forward with our business. Build rates are steady and the team is doing an excellent job of continuing to establish and deepen the footprint of DAF in the marketplace. And we continue to see pretty good activity with respect to the Andean countries in South America with both the Kenworth and DAF brands.
Alex Potter: Okay, thank you.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Mike Conlon: Hi, good morning. This is Mike Conlon for Ann.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning.
Mike Conlon: I just wanted to get a little bit of color on the Financial Services margins, a little bit weaker than expected and if there was any particular reason why that may happen or may continue?
Ron Armstrong: Well, one of the things that we saw late last year, first quarter this year, there is several of our competitors have a pretty sizable oversupply of used truck inventories and then it dampened the overall market prices. And so whereas last year in our Financial Services business, we had nice used truck gains, this first quarter this year, those used truck gains didn’t repeat. So it’s primarily used trucks, a little bit impact of currency movement, but they are primarily the effects of used truck pricing.
Mike Conlon: Okay, thank you.
Ron Armstrong: Sure.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David Leiker with Robert W. Baird.
Joe Vruwink: This is Joe Vruwink for David.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning.
Joe Vruwink: I was wondering if you could give your European order growth in the quarter and when I just look at what individual countries are doing, it would seem like DAF in the quarter was over 30% growth is doing quite a bit better than just what the UK and Netherlands markets might be doing, so are you gaining market share of countries that might not have been typically DAF countries in the past?
Ron Armstrong: Yes, I think in most countries, DAF gained share year-over-year on the quarter perspective. The Euro 6 product that DAF has had in the market now for a couple of years is now performing excellently. And the fuel efficiency, the reliability of the product is the best it’s ever been and so as time goes on, more and more customers are recognizing that. And when you look at some of the Southern markets that had been pretty depressed for quite a few years, those are recovering and DAF has a strong presence in Central Europe in countries like Poland, Czech Republic, Hungary and many of those is number one or two in those markets. So I think just the combination of all those elements coming together and DAF achieved 16.6% share for the first quarter which is a record level for them. And so it’s really across the continent.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. And similar conversation, but here in the U.S. to get 37% share of incoming orders, I think your Class 8 retail is closer to 25% right now, so is that particular vocations maybe or regions of the country where you are just more positioned relative to the other OEMs or is it similar and that new product is driving the gains?
Ron Armstrong: I think new product is a big thing. The Peterbilt 579, 567 models and the Kenworth T680 and T880 models are very well received by the customers. The engine, PACCAR engine penetration increased to 46% in the quarter. So there is more and more acceptance of the PACCAR engine in the product and so just the continued appreciation of the product, the fuel efficiency, the reliability of the current products is excellent.
Joe Vruwink: Great, I will hop back in queue. Thank you.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher with UBS.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Good morning.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning.
Steven Fisher: Just want to follow-up on the cost savings, I mean I know you mentioned continuing material cost savings expected in Q2, I guess given the rise we have seen in commodity prices, how is that baked into your expectations of the 14.5% to 15% margins for the full year and I guess particularly in the second half?
Ron Armstrong: We have long-term agreements with most of our suppliers, which tend to smooth out both the up-ticks and downticks and material cost movements from a commodity standpoint. So it will be pretty muted in terms of any up-tick that we might see and how that might play into our costs and pricing.
Steven Fisher: Well, do you think you can get pricing benefits on top of the higher costs as the smoothing sort of works itself through over the course of the year?
Ron Armstrong: You typically do. I mean it may not be exactly at the same time, but typically those things find their way to the marketplace.
Steven Fisher: Okay. And then just on the Finco earnings, I wanted to clarify what it was within the interest and other that drove the higher cost, I am not sure if that was the used pricing that you were talking about earlier and do you think the 10% year-over-year decline in profit is going to be better or worse or the same as what the full year could be?
Ron Armstrong: A lot of it will depend on how the used truck market develops in the coming quarters. And so we will see how that develops. In terms of the interest in other, just part of that is just the larger portfolio, the asset, the average earning assets in the first quarter this year are higher and so that just reflects. We have higher assets and higher debt levels that go with that and that just reflects the higher costs to go with it.
Steven Fisher: Okay, thank you.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: Hi, good morning everyone.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning Jerry.
Jerry Revich: Ron, I wonder if you could talk about the pricing environment in Europe, specifically you folks have spoken about once the market gets good enough, you might be at a point where you get to make a margin on the new emissions components, are we at that point yet, can you just give us an update within the context of the steady pricing environment that you outlined across the business?
Ron Armstrong: Yes. I wish that were the case Jerry, but pricing is pretty steady in terms of this year versus what we saw last year during the course of the year. Market is good, so pricing environment has been, as I said pretty steady without much up or down movement.
Jerry Revich: Okay. And then can you talk about what you are seeing out of your customers in terms of parts consumption in North America, it looks like your North America Parts business may have been down more than the overall parts business, is that an issue of timing or what drove that, I think we are hearing from construction industries that it was a pretty seasonally positive quarter for business, so I am wondering if you can just fill in the gaps on what you are seeing out of your customers there?
Ron Armstrong: Yes. So from a customer standpoint, the actual retail sales at the dealer level were up a bit during the quarter. What we saw was the dealers rebalancing their inventories to sort of adjust to individual local market conditions. So we expect that we will see in the second quarter beyond an improvement in part sales for the rest of the year.
Jerry Revich: Okay. And lastly, you have done a nice job bringing down warranty costs on your Euro 6 engines, I am wondering if you can just update us on how that’s tracking, the warranty accruals continued to decline sequentially based on the experience level or are we at the run rate based on actual warranty instances that you are seeing?
Ron Armstrong: Yes. The DAF trucks, the PACCAR engines, the Kenworth, Peterbilt trucks around the world are performing very well, best reliability I think in the industry. And we have seen that reflected in our warranty provisions quarter-over-quarter. So the first quarter was at a good run rate that we think is appropriate for our product.
Jerry Revich: Okay, thank you.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi with Bank of America.
Ross Gilardi: Good morning. Thank you.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning.
Ross Gilardi: I was wondering if you can just talk a little bit about your internal engine effort. Obviously, PACCAR has been targeting sort of a 50% make versus buy in North America for a long time and you have been inching closer to that target. I am just wondering any reason why you would stop at 50% and if you were to go beyond 50%, would you need to go all the way to 100% to justify the capital investment or can we see that target to slowly be dragged higher?
Ron Armstrong: The wonderful thing about our facility in Columbus, Mississippi, we built it at 400,000 square feet. We are continuing to add additional equipment into the facility to achieve what’s possible within that footprint, but we have a lot of – we have 400 acres of land and it’s expandable just as what we had planned it to be. So, we are earning a strong return off of the investment that we have made and will continue to make additional investments as the engine penetration grows in North America. The 50% is sort of a short midterm target. The longer term target, as we look at our customers and the applications they have, we feel the engine can meet up to 80%, 85% of customer needs. So, that’s sort of the target at this point, longer term. And so we will continue to invest in increment capacity as we needed and we will be making some of those investments in the next couple of years to support the growing acceptance of the engines doing great.
Ross Gilardi: Okay, thanks. And then what about your vertical integration effort and other product categories and I think in your – one of your more recent Investor Days, you had talked about things like axles also you can make internally. And are you doing more of that? And is that a driver of success in the gross margin?
Ron Armstrong: Well, DAF has been making axles for the 20 years that PACCAR has owned them and that’s what you get when you order a DAF truck, our PACCAR axles. We are working – in North America we are looking at opportunities to take advantage of DAF’s axle technology and capabilities. We have great working relationships with Dana and Meritor who are providing really customized applications that integrate well with the rest of the PACCAR powertrain to be able to offer our customers the unique capability of the fully integrated powertrain to operate their vehicles.
Ross Gilardi: Thank you very much.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weber with RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber: Hey, good morning everybody.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning, Seth.
Seth Weber: I appreciate the color on the Europe market. We have been hearing some discussion about some rising dealer inventories in Europe. I am wondering if you have seen anything there with just across the industry or with DAF specifically?
Ron Armstrong: We don’t have any visibility to the industry as a whole, but I will say DAF inventory is in great shape, very similar to what we see with Peterbilt and Kenworth in North America in the 45 to 60 day range, which is really optimal to meet customer demand and not have excess inventories on the ground.
Seth Weber: Okay, thank you. And then if I could just go back to the parts business for a minute, I know in prior quarters, FX has been a headwind there. I mean, are you still expecting – I mean, was it a headwind here in the quarter and are you still expecting kind of the low to mid single-digit growth for the parts business this year? And then I guess, just separately, could you give us what FX impact was for the company for revenue and operating income altogether?
Ron Armstrong: So for the parts business, we are getting pretty close now where foreign exchange rates have been pretty comparable. A little bit of effect on revenue, I think, it was $10 million in the parts business in the first quarter. And I will let Michael sort of comment on the overall effects for the company.
Michael Barkley: For the truck parts and other, net sales and revenue impact was $68 million and the impact on financial services revenues was $9 million and the impact on profitability was negligible.
Seth Weber: Okay. And then just – sorry on the parts outlook for the year, is sort of low to mid single-digits is still the right way to think about it or how you are thinking about it?
Ron Armstrong: Yes, I think we will see a return to growth as we progressed through the year. I think parts sales globally could be up towards the 3% range for the year.
Seth Weber: Terrific. Thank you very much.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe O’Dea with Vertical Research.
Joe O’Dea: Hi, good morning.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning, Joe.
Joe O’Dea: Just a question relative to the order share and we don’t typically see those kinds of swings then translate into retail sales, but given that kind of order of magnitude, do you think that, that creates any more volatility over the course of the year or based on the timing of when those orders are scheduled to ship, would you not see any kind of disruption?
Ron Armstrong: No, I don’t think the orders create any additional volatility. They just bolster the backlog. And I think because of our – we build the truck when we have an order. We don’t build for inventory. We prudently manage our build schedule and so the fact to that we had 37% of the orders just reflects that we have got customers really appreciating the vehicle and ordering for what they need for the coming couple of months.
Joe O’Dea: Okay. And do you have kind of a targeted share, where you think your share will be in the U.S. and Canada for 2016 on retail?
Ron Armstrong: Yes. So last year, we were 27.5%. So I think we will be slightly above that for the full year in terms of retail sales.
Joe O’Dea: Great. Thanks very much.
Ron Armstrong: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research.
Adam Uhlman: Hi, good morning guys.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning Adam.
Adam Uhlman: I guess first a clarification, I might have missed it, but did you mention the magnitude of the used truck pricing that you are seeing right now and if not could you tell us kind of want that trend has been looking like recently and when you would expect to see a stabilization in used truck prices?
Ron Armstrong: I think we are starting to see a stabilization during the quarter from the, say fourth quarter into the first quarter. It was probably a 5% to 10% impact for the market as a whole. The good news is that the Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF products continue to maintain their premium relative to the competition in 10% to 20% range.
Adam Uhlman: Okay, got it. And then back to the share of orders that you got in North America, congrats on pointing those. Could you tell us what the first quarter of last year’s share was or what the year-over-year order growth was for you?
Ron Armstrong: I don’t think we have that number readily at hand. So we will have to come back to you on that.
Adam Uhlman: Okay. And then the record share at DAF, you had mentioned that there was a good breadth of strength in share across the continent, I am wondering if you believe that this, directionally, that this level of retail share can persist for the rest of the year?
Ron Armstrong: DAF in 2012, ‘13, was in the 15%, 15.5%, 16% range. So yes, I believe this is probably more consistent. We had some interruptions if you will with the Euro 5, Euro 6 transition. And I think this is more indicative of where DAF’s position in the market.
Adam Uhlman: Got it. Thank you very much.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Shlisky with Seaport Global.
Mike Shlisky: Good morning guys.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning.
Mike Shlisky: So in your release you actually mentioned you are going to be expanding your Denton facility in the near future to expand the capacity there, I guess I was kind of wondering this past year was a very, very strong year for Class 8 in 2015, I don’t think you had too many problems delivering to your customer, so I guess what’s being expanded attention that’s so important and when can we start seeing some of the margin benefits from that expansion?
Ron Armstrong: Well, you see the margin benefits, whenever we get it finished and we are utilizing the facility. But as you go through the cycles, you identify opportunities to continue to make your facilities and your processes more capable. And this is just sort of the continuing effort that we go through and have gone through for 110 years of the company of continuing the best during all phases of the business cycle to be able to be prepared, one, to get the efficiencies, but also to get that incremental capacity. The penetration of the 2.1-meter products both at Peterbilt and Kenworth has been outstanding and we continue to invest in the robotic capacity in those facilities. And this is just part of that overall process that we go through throughout our history of making good prudent investments that prepare us, not only for today, but also for tomorrow.
Mike Shlisky: So it’s more efficiency gains and it’s not intended to substantially increase the number of parts you can make in a year, just you just make them faster or better?
Ron Armstrong: It’s a combination of both, yes.
Mike Shlisky: Okay. And then just one quick model question for you as well, could you give us the diluted share count adjusted if you had not posted a loss for the last year – for the quarter?
Bob Christensen: It would have been 351.9.
Mike Shlisky: Okay, perfect. Thanks guys. I appreciate it.
Ron Armstrong: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Wertheimer with Barclays.
Robert Wertheimer: Hi. Thanks for the commentary, great results.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Robert Wertheimer: Are you able to talk just a little bit about how you are approaching the 11-liter launch and any numbers you are willing to update on the penetration in Europe and the U.S.?
Ron Armstrong: Yes. So the MX-11, as you know we have launched that in Europe in the fourth quarter of 2013. It’s been very well received in Europe by both our truck customers, as well as we sell several thousand engines each year to bus and coach customers and that has become the engine of choice of those bus and coach customers for their applications. So 2 years of experience in Europe and launched it in January this year in North America and the launch has gone very well. I was recently on a trip visiting with some of our customers and there is a lot of interest by a lot of different types of customers particularly those that are sensitive to weight, because its 400 pounds lighter than our other offering. And so it’s a very attractive option. And so the launch has gone good. The customers who have put that into their product early days is performing as expected. And we will continue to ramp that up as we progress through the course of this year.
Robert Wertheimer: That’s perfect and do you launch it in many models at once or is it just sort of a stage thing where we can expect to take a couple of years to be fully out there in the fleet?
Ron Armstrong: It will be a stage. I mean we are purposely ramping up both the plant so that they get more comfortable with the assembly process. But early days is very promising.
Robert Wertheimer: Okay, thank you.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Okay. There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Ron Armstrong: We would like to thank everyone for their excellent questions. And thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR’s earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-29 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Hastings - Director of Investor Relations Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director Michael T. Barkley - Vice President & Controller
Analysts: Tim W. Thein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Alexander Eugene Potter - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC Nicole Deblase - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Tim Robinson - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP David Raso - International Strategy & Investment Group LLC Neil A. Frohnapple - Longbow Research LLC Joe J. O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Sameer Rathod - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Jeffrey A. Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Michael David Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities LLC Mike J. Baudendistel - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's fourth quarter 2015 earnings conference call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode, until the question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded, and if anyone has any objections, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings - Director of Investor Relations: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Ron Armstrong, Chief Executive Officer; Bob Christensen, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Barkley, Vice President, Controller. As with prior conference calls, if there are members of the media on the line, we ask that they participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general, economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Ron Armstrong.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Ken, and good morning. Thanks to PACCAR's 23,000 employees around the world, 2015 was an outstanding year for the company with many records established. PACCAR achieved record revenues of $19.1 billion and record net income of $1.6 billion and after-tax return on revenues of 8.4%. Net income increased 18% versus the prior year. 2015 was PACCAR's 77th consecutive year of earning a net income. These excellent results reflect the strongest North American heavy-truck market since 2006, and the highest European heavy-truck market since 2008. In addition, PACCAR Parts earned record pre-tax income and PACCAR Financial Services achieved another strong profit year. PACCAR celebrated several important milestones in our 110th anniversary year. This included the delivery of DAF's 1 millionth truck, the production of the 100,000 engine in our Mississippi engine factory, and 35th anniversary celebrations at Peterbilt's Denton, Texas factory, and at PACCAR leasing. During the year, PACCAR continued investing in premium quality products and services in our core markets, and expanding our presence in emerging markets to provide the foundation for future growth. PACCAR's fourth quarter sales in Financial Services revenues were $4.4 billion and quarterly net income was $347 million, a strong 8.8% after-tax return on revenues. During the quarter, European truck deliveries increased, partially offsetting reduced North American truck deliveries. The strong contribution of all company segments enables PACCAR to attain the highest operating margins in our industry. PACCAR declared cash dividends of $2.30 per share last year, a 25% increase compared to 2014 and the highest total dividend in company history. The regular quarterly dividend was raised by 9% during the year. PACCAR's total dividends in 2015 provided a yield of over 4%, which is in the top 100 companies in the S&P 500. During 2015, PACCAR repurchased 3.8 million shares of its stock for $202 million. PACCAR delivered 35,400 trucks during the fourth quarter, in line with expectations. Vehicle deliveries and truck and other margins in the first quarter this year are projected to be comparable to the fourth quarter. Peterbilt and Kenworth achieved a good market share of 27.4% in the U.S. and Canada heavy-duty truck market in 2015. Class 8 truck industry retail sales totaled 278,000 units for the year. Peterbilt and Kenworth also achieved a record 17.4% share of the U.S. and Canadian medium-duty truck market last year, resulting in a record 27,300 medium-duty truck deliveries for PACCAR. 2016 will be another good year for the U.S. and Canadian Class 8 industry truck market with retail sales estimated to be in a range of 230,000 units to 260,000 units. Additional good news is that Peterbilt and Kenworth dealer inventories are in great shape entering this year. DAF increased its market share to 14.6% in the European above 16-tonne truck market last year, compared to 13.8% in 2014. The market was a strong 269,000 units in 2015. Looking at this year, we anticipate that the European above 16-tonne truck market has the potential to expand further and be in a range of 260,000 vehicles to 290,000 vehicles. Economic growth in Europe is expected to increase this year to 1.7% with more than 2% growth anticipated in the UK, DAF's largest market. PACCAR Parts generated record pre-tax profit of $556 million and strong revenues of $3.1 billion in 2015. The excellent results were driven by strong freight tonnage, high fleet utilization, and the many innovative products and services offered by PACCAR Parts. During the year, PACCAR Parts set records for parts deliveries to fleets, online part sales, and TRP part sales for all makes of trucks and trailers. For the fourth quarter, PACCAR Parts achieved revenues of $750 million and pre-tax income of $126 million. Our expectation for 2016 is that parts and revenues – is that parts revenues, excluding the effects of currency movements, could increase 3% to 5%. PACCAR Financial Services revenues were $293 million in the fourth quarter, and pre-tax income was $90 million. The good results benefited from continuing strong portfolio performance. PACCAR leasing end of the year was a record 39,000 units in its full-service leased portfolio. For the full year, PACCAR Financial Services earned pre-tax income of $363 million. At this point, I'm going to have Michael Barkley address the effects of currency movements on our segment operations.
Michael T. Barkley - Vice President & Controller: For the truck segment, the quarter-over-quarter comparison has us – the impact of currency was $200 million on revenue, and for the full-year, the impact was $940 million on revenue. The profit impact was minimal given that we have a large amount of material coming for engines into our Columbus engine factory from the eurozone. For parts, the quarterly impact on revenue was $38 million, and for the full year was $193 million. The impact on profit was $4 million for the quarter and $34 million for the full year. For Financial Services, the impact on revenue was $17 million and the impact for the full year was $79 million. And the impact on profit for Financial Services was $5 million for the quarter and for the full year was $22 million.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Michael. As we look at next year, PACCAR's projected research and development spending of $240 million to $270 million and capital expenditures of $325 million to $375 million will expand Kenworth, Peterbilt, and DAF product offerings, enhance the PACCAR engine range, and increase the capacity and operating efficiency of our factories and distribution centers. As the company begins its 111th year, we are in an excellent position to lead the industry with the highest quality products and services. Thank you, and I'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Tim Thein with Citi.
Tim W. Thein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great, thanks. Good morning, Ron.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Tim.
Tim W. Thein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks. Just on the first one, maybe you could extend, I think you had mentioned the margins, 1Q being comparable to 4Q based on the way things look today. Can you extend that to your expectations for the year?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think that as we think about margins for the year, I think that we see the full year being barely comparable to 2015.
Tim W. Thein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, got it. And then just on the market share trend in Europe, obviously, how the individual countries play out can influence that quite a bit. Just in terms of some of your key markets, what are you thinking in terms of how you're planning for that expectation of just overall share? I know that's not easy to forecast at this time of year, but I guess just based of your gains, can you continue to gain further share for DAF across Western Europe?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: DAF has a really long history of continuing to grow their share progressively over the long term, and that would continue to be our target with the investments that we made and the great new Euro VI products that they have in the marketplace, the continuing enhancements that we make to the PACCAR engines. We've got a great product lineup. We have great service capability with PACCAR Parts and PACCAR Financial. So our anticipation is that we'll continue to increment that market share on our way to our medium-term target of 20%.
Tim W. Thein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): All right, thanks a lot.
Ken Hastings - Director of Investor Relations: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Potter with Piper Jaffray.
Alexander Eugene Potter - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Hi. I was wondering if you could comment a bit on inventory, I guess, broadly in the channel. You mentioned during your prepared remarks that you think Peterbilt and Kenworth are in good shape when it comes to retail inventory. I was just wondering if you guys think that PACCAR was maybe more nimble than some of your competitors when it comes to responding to the recent downturn in orders because obviously a lot of folks have been talking about the buildup of inventory out there in the channel? So if you guys have I guess low inventory, that would imply that most of the inventory concerns are being felt by other truck companies. Is that accurate?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I can't really comment on the nimbleness of our competitors, but I know that we monitor our business very closely and manage it to balance the delivery of trucks with the demand that's in the market. I would say that based on what we know we have 45 – 50 days worth of inventory in the channel. I think the industry is closer to a 90-day measure. So as I said, we are really in great shape in terms of where we're at starting the 2016 year.
Alexander Eugene Potter - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay, very good. That's good to hear. I was wondering, I guess, also if you could maybe make a couple comments here on pricing. Obviously, if you look at just pure truck revenue and divide it by the number of units sold, it looks like there was a pretty material degradation in sequential terms. But obviously, you've got some ForEx in there. You've got presumably some mix maybe toward medium-duty. I was just wondering if you could maybe help us interpret that sequential decline and how much is, I guess, "real pricing".
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Obviously, the margin performance for the quarter and the year were excellent. We expect that, as we've mentioned, margins in the first quarter to be comparable to what we saw in the fourth quarter. Almost all of the per unit degradation is exchange-related. So that's just the effects of translating currencies around the world into the U.S. dollar.
Alexander Eugene Potter - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay, very good. Thanks a lot, guys.
Ken Hastings - Director of Investor Relations: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher with UBS.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks, good morning.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Steven.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: I'm wondering what you're seeing in terms of used truck pricing and how that's influencing your forecast of demand for 2016 on new sales at this point. I think last quarter, it sounded like it wasn't much of an issue, but wondering if anything has really changed there.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think what we're seeing is there are more used trucks coming into the market, and that's dampening used truck prices a bit. But the great news is that the Kenworth and Peterbilt products continue to earn a premium relative to the competition. And so we're very involved with selling used trucks last year. As a company, we sold about 9,000 trucks globally, and we'll do that again this year. So we'll use that as a tool to be able to support new truck business and our finance operations.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And I think the margins have favored North America over Europe based on volumes and Euro VI program over the last year or so. Do you anticipate that in 2016 the margins kind of in balance again between the two regions at this point?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: We think the margin – as we said, we expect it to be comparable to last year, and I think that would – on a market basis, I think that would be true as well.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: So still, in other words, favoring North America over Europe sounds like then?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, thanks a lot.
Ken Hastings - Director of Investor Relations: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nicole Deblase with Morgan Stanley.
Nicole Deblase - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks, guys. Good morning.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Nicole Deblase - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: So, Ron, my first question is around your 1Q production outlook. I know you guys had flattish Q-on-Q, but what are the thoughts on U.S. and Canada versus Europe? Do you also expect like a flattish outcome for both of the regions?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think that North America is going to be up in the 10% to 15% range, and Europe would be down in that range just because of workdays and production, beta (15:57) production levels in each of the markets.
Nicole Deblase - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, that's really helpful. Thanks, Ron.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure.
Nicole Deblase - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And then my second question is just what have you guys seen or heard from U.S. customers with respect to the MX-11 launch so far?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, it's just – we're just getting those into the field. The customers who have had the test trucks that have been running in the market – we have hundreds of thousands of test miles on those trucks, and the feedback from those customers has been excellent. So, the MX-11 has been in the European market now for two years, with great responses now, 25% of the production in our European operations. So, we're excited to offer that and think that'll be a nice enhancement to meet customer needs both in the vocational and regional haul applications.
Nicole Deblase - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, thanks, Ron. I'll pass it on.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Good morning and good afternoon, everyone.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Jerry.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Ron, I wonder if you could talk about your bookings in Europe in the quarter. Did your lead times widen out? It sounds like you're taking the build rate higher, if I'm not mistaken, in the first quarter, given the number of working days. Is that right? Can you just flush out for us what you're seeing in that market, please?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Can you rephrase your question, Jerry?
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Sure. So, can you talk about whether your lead times extended in the fourth quarter? It looks like in Europe, it looks like your build rates are moving higher. So I would guess your book-to-bill in the fourth quarter was greater than 1. But I'd appreciate any color there.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Order intake during the course of last year really outpaced the build rate in the first parts of the year. And so we were ramping up build rate, and build rates as we start 2016 are comparable to where we ended up last year with fewer work days and just a slight reduction in the average daily count for the first quarter. So it's – lead times are in excellent shape, really, in all of our markets as we begin 2016.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And then obviously, we'll get the details when the 10-K comes out. But I'm wondering if you could just help us bridge the year-over-year gross margin performance for fourth quarter 2015 versus fourth quarter 2014 in terms of the contribution of pricing, net of material cost. Any piece that you could help us with would be helpful.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: There's a lot of moving pieces in there, Jerry, with pricing cost movement, customer mix, model mix, et cetera. So that's – we really don't have that level of granularity here.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And then in terms of the 2016 outlook, for the full-year, you mentioned you're looking for comparable gross margins even though shipments, I think, are expected to be down based on your outlook for North America and European truck markets. Can you talk about what's favorable at the gross margin line that's providing that tailwind despite lower volumes?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Our teams are just doing a great job of rigorously managing the cost structure. We, obviously, work very closely with our suppliers to make sure that we're getting our fair share of commodity cost movements. We have great products. The Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF products are the highest quality and demand premium price in the market. So, as we look at this year, we feel that 2016 will be comparable to our 2015 levels.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: All right, thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, guys. Good afternoon here.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Ann.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Can we talk about your Parts business a little bit? It came in weaker on revenues and significantly weaker on EBIT margins than I was forecasting. Now I don't know if I was just setting too high an expectation. Can you just talk about Parts in Q4 and what went on there, did I miss something from a seasonality perspective?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. I think as we look at Parts – Michael talked about the exchange rate effects and so when you compare the fourth quarter results with the fourth quarter the prior year, they're essentially the same as last year, very strong fourth quarter last year. There were fewer new trucks being delivered as well as I think a little bit of rebalancing of inventories in the market, but as we commented, we think Parts will continue to grow as we enter into 2016. Our Parts team has done a great job with some of the many programs that they've put in place. And we continue to see, obviously, growth in the engine parts business as we go forward. So, we think there's continued to see positive momentum as we go to 2016.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, that's helpful color. On your outlook for North America down 12%; U.S. and Canada down 12%, most of the industry is forecasting significantly greater decline, going back to replacement levels of somewhere around down 20%. What are you seeing out there, what are your customers telling you, what are you teams telling you? Where do you think the strength is coming from versus where others are forecasting?
Ken Hastings - Director of Investor Relations: Obviously the on-highway business is supported by strong freight tonnage metrics. They've been pretty flat but at a very high level. I think the last numbers that came out were like the second highest level on record. So, freight activities look good, the estimation for growth for next year for North America is 2% to 3% growth. So, consumer demand is strong. And so, we see a lot of positives that are going to support a good market. If you look at the 230,000 trucks to 260,000 trucks, it could be the second third best in the last decade. So, it's a good market for next year. So, we're optimistic about how things will develop as we talk to customers, as I think we commented last quarter. Customers are ordering – that have ordered are ordering levels comparable to what they ordered in 2015. I'd say a little bit of the difference is just that their expectations last year, the expectations for delivery were, they needed them as soon as they could get them. And now, they're thinking a little bit spreading those deliveries out a little further across the year. So, we're seeing positive things overall.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: And I would add that Kenworth and Peterbilt are very strong in the vocational segment and construction activity continues to be strong, forecasted to grow once again for residential housing in 2016 and so the vocational segment for us is performing very well, especially with the new products that we're introducing into both Kenworth and Peterbilt.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And does that give you confidence in guiding to flattish or comparable margins, year-over-year despite a decline in revenue?
Ken Hastings - Director of Investor Relations: As we look at the expectations for the year, cost and...
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Our parts mix will grow a little bit and the parts margins are obviously good. We'll continue to operate it at a very high level in the Parts business and that should be a net positive for margins as well.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, very good. I appreciate the color. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Good afternoon.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Jamie.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): A couple questions. One, it sounds like you guys are obviously more constructive relative to your peers, but if you look at the industry numbers, cancellation rates have picked up over the past several months. Have you seen any of that, or have you been immune to that? And then I guess a broader, just cycle question, do you view this as a – obviously, the level decline you're expecting this year is less than the industry, but do you view this as a one year, mid-cycle pause, or would you look at this more as a normal downturn? Thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Cancellation activity in our operations are very normal. There's nothing unusual that is happening in that arena. And in terms of where we're at in the cycle, I think that's to be determined. The economic fundamentals are positive, and we see that we're going to track what the demand is, and we think the demand is going to be a good market for 2016.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): All right, thanks. I'll get back in queue.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Casey with Wells Fargo.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hello, everybody.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Andy.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: First question on the Parts business revenue in the quarter, Ron, you mentioned inventory rebalancing in the channel. Was that broad-based, or was it concentrated in some of the regions?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, I think that was general across the dealer body.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, thanks. And then on the margin question somebody asked earlier, if you compare the margin in the quarter with the run rate of the first three quarters, which was very strong, the margin in the quarter went down roughly a couple hundred basis points. Is that all seasonality, or was there an impact from this rebalancing?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think there are obviously some operating leverage effects in there, and it probably reflects more the mix of parts that were being distributed during the quarter.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, thanks. And then in truck, I just was hoping a little bit more clarity to one of Jerry's question. Could you talk about what you saw in European truck in terms of the order activity in Q4? Was it as strong a growth as you saw in the first few quarters, or is it moderating in line with your outlook there?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think it's steady and I'd say in line with our outlook. Yes, I think that's a good way to say it.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then in the U.S. and Canada, you had some order volatility toward the end of the year, November weak, December better. Did you see that December better continuing into January, or are we into a little bit of the seasonal doldrums there?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think most of the ups and downs are just timing of when some of the larger fleet orders appear in the order board. So I think as I said, large fleets are planning buys, and their buys are generally pretty consistent with what we saw for deliveries in 2015.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, thank you very much.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Tiss with Bank of Montreal.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey, guys. How is it going?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good. Good morning.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): That's good. Good morning, good afternoon, whatever. Anyway, we keep dancing around this question. I just wondered if you could spend a couple of minutes giving us a little more of a comprehensive list underneath the volume numbers which you obviously give us for the industry. Can you just give us a couple of the bigger factors? You talked about mix and parts being better, but some of the bigger factors that are going to drive profitability, pricing, under-absorption, any manufacturing efficiency improvements, people reductions, mix between the U.S. and Europe, just a couple of the bigger ones to help us get a feel for what some of the levers are you have inside to control the margins.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think if you just go down the list, I think pricing reflects good markets. And so we have great products to offer the market, so we feel good that our products demand a fair price in the marketplace. Cost, I think there's probably a little bit of downward momentum on prices with commodity cost reductions. so that's a bit of a benefit. But everybody is getting that same benefit in the industry. Our factories and businesses around the world do a great job of managing their cost structure. And our purchasing groups around the world do a great job of procuring and working closely with our suppliers. We have a great supply base that provides us timely deliveries, quality parts. And so we work closely with them to make sure that we can support our business and our factories can operate efficiently. So all the factors as we talked about R&D for next year, we're projecting a little bit of an uptick. That R&D spending will occur pretty ratably during the course of the year. We manage our SG&A closely. We're thinking SG&A for next year will be comparable to our 2015 levels, and that those amounts will be pretty comparable quarter to quarter. So as we look at next year, we feel good about the prospects of being able to continue to manage in a very prudent, cost effective way.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): That's great. And then have you shared at all a medium or longer-term view on medium-duty market share? I know you've had a big new product push for the last couple of years, and it seems to be working.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: We have great medium-duty products and more and more of our dealers are becoming engaged in the medium-duty business. And I think we're seeing the benefits of that over time in North America. We have great products in Europe. As I mentioned, with the increase in share, we did get to a record level of medium-duty deliveries last year. And we'll continue to invest in our product, to continue to make enhancements, and look forward to continuing to have opportunity to grow that business going forward.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): All right. So there's no number on where you could be five or 10 years from now.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, I don't. We obviously continue to push the number. We're 27% share of the heavy-duty market, 17% of the medium-duty market in North America, so there's lots of upside for us.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): All right. Thank you so much.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Robinson with Susquehanna Financial.
Tim Robinson - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my call.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Tim Robinson - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: I know you guys have managed your inventories well in U.S. and Canada. But just looking at retail sales and builds at your peers, one of them has grown substantially. The industry is up substantially. I was just wondering whether you think you can hold pricing, given the dynamics in the U.S. and Canada.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: We're seeing prices pretty stable in the U.S. and Canadian market as we progress through the first parts of the year. So, we expect that that will continue.
Tim Robinson - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: That's great. And then just a clarification on the parts outlook. Could you just go through that by region?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think that's our expectation, really in both regions, some level of growth in the 3% to 5% range for both North America, Europe. And obviously, we're starting to grow our business in Brazil. So...
Tim Robinson - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Got you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: ...that's our overall perspective.
Tim Robinson - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Okay. And then when we think about your parts margin outlook going into 2016, should we expect the mix that impacted 4Q to continue to be a headwind, or is that something that largely corrects itself with inventory rebalancing and would sort of go back to the levels of the first nine months of 2015?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think our margin expectations for next year will be comparable to 2015.
Tim Robinson - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Okay. And are you getting any benefits from the MX-13 in your parts business yet in the U.S.?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. Absolutely.
Tim Robinson - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Okay.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. And we got 105,000 engines that we've produced out of our Columbus factory. And that we're seeing that engine business – it's still early days from a parts perspective, but that will continue to be a positive factor in our Parts business for years to come.
Tim Robinson - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Got it. Okay, that's it for me. Thanks for taking my call.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure, absolutely. Thank you.
Tim Robinson - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Bye.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Raso with ISI.
David Raso - International Strategy & Investment Group LLC: Thank you. Maybe I missed it. The production for the full-year of 2016, North America and Europe, I know you gave us the first quarter sequentially, but what's the full-year assumption?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: We don't have – provide that level of detail. But you can look at the market size estimates, and I think get to a pretty good number.
David Raso - International Strategy & Investment Group LLC: So your production versus those industry forecasts, you'd say, are very much in line?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
David Raso - International Strategy & Investment Group LLC: Again, I know we're asking the same question again, but over the last 30 years, you have eight years of revenue declines; and seven of them, gross margins go down. So is there something about the currency benefit, North America buying from Europe? But obviously North America is down more than Europe is in 2016. So that one has fully explained it. Can you help us more on price cost? It's just obviously history would tell you, for you to be forecasting flat gross margins is abnormal. So, with a little more specificity, can you help us understand where is the difference between your history that down volume equals flat gross margins? I know the Parts is helpful, but at 17% of the business, it's not that large. So, again, it's an important issue for all of us, so we appreciate the detail.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. It's all the factors that we talked about. I mean, it's the cost management aspects, the favorable potential movement from commodity cost movements. So, all the elements of our total margin picture play into that and there's no one individual item that I can point to and say, that's the difference.
David Raso - International Strategy & Investment Group LLC: The kind of arguments that Parts being bigger is today you're more vertically integrated in North America, so thus bottom decline would be more painful than prior down cycles. I mean, I know it's not a big number, but there's something about heavy expenditures, building up Brazil now the market that weak. There's some easy retrenchment of recouping of levels of losses in Brazil. We're just trying to flash out why are you that comfortable guiding flat gross margins.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Do you have anything else to add, David? Thank you.
David Raso - International Strategy & Investment Group LLC: Okay. No, I appreciate it. Just a key issue for everybody. So, thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neil Frohnapple with Longbow Research.
Neil A. Frohnapple - Longbow Research LLC: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Neil A. Frohnapple - Longbow Research LLC: As a follow-up to Joel's question, you talked about medium-duty market share. Can you just provide any granularity on what you're seeing in the underlying medium-duty market in North America and your outlook for that market this year?
Ken Hastings - Director of Investor Relations: I would think that the medium-duty market, I think, last year was 80,000 units or so. And I think we're thinking in the 65,000, 75,000 range for 2016.
Neil A. Frohnapple - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then just, what would be driving that decline that you guys are looking for?
Ken Hastings - Director of Investor Relations: Neil, the medium-duty business at PACCAR is being influenced significantly by the level of construction activity. We put a lot of medium-duty trucks into the construction market and so that's been strong. And as a result, our deliveries into that market have been strong. And we would expect that to continue at good strong levels in 2016.
Neil A. Frohnapple - Longbow Research LLC: Okay.
Ken Hastings - Director of Investor Relations: We've also introduced some new product, the Cab-Over products at Kenworth and Peterbilt are both beginning to develop good traction. More and more of our dealers are stocking and selling those trucks. And that's a net contribution to our medium-duty production as well.
Neil A. Frohnapple - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then as a follow-up to used truck pricing in North America, what are you seeing with regards to used truck inventory levels in the channel currently? Are they a bit high and then would you expect them to normalize at some point this year?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I think used truck inventory levels for PACCAR are very normal, yeah. We have a pretty normal level of used trucks and we expect that sort of stay as we look at lease returns, et cetera. As we progress through the year, we should be able to keep that at very normal levels throughout the year.
Neil A. Frohnapple - Longbow Research LLC: All right, thanks. I'll pass it on.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe O'Dea with Vertical Research.
Joe J. O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Joe J. O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Just on the Europe delivery volumes last quarter and what you're looking for in the first quarter, it seems like it would be at a higher rate for the market than where your 15% shares or so. So could you talk about whether there's an inventory build effort right now into the year, or are there opportunities where you think there's an increase in market share in 2016?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Again, as we talked about earlier on market share, we have a long tradition of building that share and our teams had done a great job of getting the products in place, great products in place with really industry-leading fuel efficiency, and so we continue to target growing our share into various markets. And there's inventory levels throughout the channel, dealer inventories in Europe are in great shape. And so there's no real inventory buildup or reduction. It's pretty steady.
Joe J. O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay, thank you. And then just a last one, I guess. On the share repurchase, it looks like a little bit faster pace into the end of the year than where you have been previously. Any reason that that was maybe abnormal, or is that kind of a level that you anticipated and you would only need another authorization to keep going at that level?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Obviously, as we said in our press release, we think the shares are an attractive option at the current pricing level. And so, we expect we'll continue to do some share repurchases during the course of 2016, as we do in many years.
Joe J. O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay, thanks a lot.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Hi, guys. Good morning. Good afternoon.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: I was wondering if we could dig into the Finance business, your aspirations for 2016, how you expect that business to unfold. And then within there, the Leasing business, maybe you could talk about some of the key operating trends that you follow. What have you been seeing in the business, and how are you thinking about it for 2016?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I think as we look at our portfolio and our asset base, I think the earning asset – average earning assets that we'll have for 2016 would be fairly comparable to our 2015 levels, which were really at record levels. And the Leasing business has done very well over a long period of time, celebrating their 35th anniversary in 2015. They continue to work very closely with our dealers and our customers to continue to grow that business. They ended the year with a record level of units in the fleet, and we continue to look for opportunities to expand our business in Europe. And during 2015, we launched our PacLease business in Australia. So continue to look for ways to have leasing make a valuable contribution to the overall company results.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay, thanks. And then could you talk to – it's not a big expense for you. But could you talk to your pension expense expectations for 2016?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think they'll be very comparable to – it's a pretty steady level. It obviously gets impacted by the level of employment, discount rates, et cetera. So I think we'll see maybe some benefit from a slightly higher discount rate that will benefit pension expense a little bit in 2016 for North America.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay, thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sameer Rathod with Macquarie.
Sameer Rathod - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Sameer Rathod - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: There seems to be a lot of press recently on autonomous vehicles from large tech companies. It seems like they're moving regulation forward in various s states. And if you look at it objectively, the technology is getting better. The miles driven autonomously is going exponentially. How does PACCAR think about this? What steps are you guys taking today for a potential market in the future on the truck side? And generally, how do you feel it's evolving?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So all of our truck divisions and our engineering teams around the world are involved in evaluating all the technologies that can benefit our customers, including the technologies that will support autonomous driving. We've demonstrated autonomous vehicles at various exhibitions in North America. Our team in Europe has also demonstrated their autonomous capabilities with tuning activities, working with government and educational institutions. So a lot of work in that area, working closely with suppliers who have the technologies that can support that activity. So it's an ongoing activity. I think we're several years away from seeing that in the truck business. But we're right at the forefront of all the developments that are going on in that arena.
Sameer Rathod - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay, thanks.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Kauffman with Buckingham Research. Jeff, your line is open. Please proceed with your question.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Sorry about that. I had the mute on. Good morning, everyone.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you. A lot of questions have been asked on the margins and the gross margins in your core markets. I'd like to go in a different direction and talk about some of the emerging and expanding markets. That was a big highlight of an analyst meeting you had just a little bit ago when you were talking about your plans in Russia and your plans in Brazil. These markets are obviously very weak right now. Wouldn't you think that this is a very good time strategically to be moving in and making investments in these markets? So I guess two questions. Number one, how are you doing in the various emerging markets, and what are your forecasts for those areas? And then of the CapEx that you're spending, how much of that is dedicated to emerging market investment right now?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. Obviously, Brazil, we've made a significant investment in our new plant operations, the products that we've launched and are launching in the market. We're excited about the prospects for Brazil and the rest of South America as we go forward. Our teams are doing a great job. We have a great dealer representation that is representing the DAF product in the Brazilian market. We have the opportunity to increase our production and increase our penetration. We had an excellent showing at the Fenatran truck show in November in São Paulo. So our team enters 2016 with a lot of positive momentum in a challenging market. In Russia, the DAF organization there has done a good job over the last years of increasing the number of locations representing the DAF product. And when the economy improves in Russia, we'll be able to grow our deliveries in that particular region. If you look at Asia, still an area of opportunity for our company. We continue to evaluate ways that we can participate greater. We have great presence in India and China with our purchasing activities, our technical office in Pune, India that supports our information technology and engineering activities. So we're very cognizant of what's going on in those markets and continue to look for opportunities to play a bigger part. As we look forward, we just invested in Brazil with the launch of the DAF CF product, so expanding the product offerings. We're now assembling the MX engine in our DAF Brazil factory. So we'll continue to make investments in expanding the product offerings and improving the productivity and efficiency and the capacity of our operations in these markets.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And just following up on that, you did about 16,000 units of what I would call non-core markets last year. This number is small, but you gave a forecast for North America, you gave a forecast for Europe. How should we think about this non-core market's number?
Ken Hastings - Director of Investor Relations: Relatively flat 2016 compared to 2015. Certainly, that would be the case in South America, somewhere in the range of 70,000 units to 80,000 units, heavy-duty in the whole region.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I agree. I think that's a good estimate for next year.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay, thank you and congratulations.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Shlisky with Seaport Global.
Michael David Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Hi, guys.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Mike.
Michael David Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Good morning. Hey. Do you have anything on the MX-11? Can you give us your thoughts at the – what kind of penetration you expect now there's launch for 2016? And perhaps more broadly, what should we expect to see PACCAR Engines penetration rate in the overall Class 8 market in 2016?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, the MX-11, we think that will be very well-received. It's been very well-received in Europe. We think that as customers get more exposed to it and accustomed to its capability, that it will become a greater portion of our engine build in North America. We continue to ratchet up our MX engine penetration in Kenworth and Peterbilt products, averaging around 40% for the year, 42% in the fourth quarter. The MX-11 will help move that further forward. And we see in the near term, next year or two, getting that up closer to the 50% range. And as we look at the capability of our engines currently and in the coming years, it will meet roughly 80%, 85% of what customers need to do their work. And we continue to get more and more of our customers starting to take some MXs to really test them in their fleet. And typically after customers have had that chance to have that test and they see the great performance of those engines, the great fuel efficiency, more and more of those are converting their business to the MX engine. So, it will continue to progress over the next years.
Michael David Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Great. I think I also wanted to ask about on the large side, some of the larger moving parts here in the first quarter. Does not having a big presence at this year's Mid-America Truck Show do anything that's material to support the first quarter margins here versus the prior year?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: No.
Michael David Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities LLC: It's not enough to be a factor.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's not a factor.
Michael David Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities LLC: All right, great. Thanks, guys.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Baudendistel with Stifel.
Mike J. Baudendistel - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you. Just want to ask you about the next upcoming greenhouse gas standard. Is that something you're already meeting or expect to meet by the deadline?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: When you say the next standard, you're talking about 2017 or the...
Mike J. Baudendistel - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yes, 2017.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So we're in the midst of beginning the certification process with the EPA and CARB.
Mike J. Baudendistel - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. And also wanted to ask you under the new parts distribution facility in Renton. Is it possible to quantify how much you expect to have to add to the parts revenue and do you view that as being something that is more able to maintain the historical growth rate you've had of about 8% in parts revenue growth, or is it something that can enable you to grow faster than that?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. I think it supports and we've got a long history of incrementing our parts distribution capacity, almost every year, in some form or fashion and so this is just the next step to continue to support that ongoing growth level for our parts operations.
Mike J. Baudendistel - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. That's all I had. Thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: And there are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Ken Hastings - Director of Investor Relations: I'd like to thank, everyone, for their excellent questions, and thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-27 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Hastings - Director, IR Ron Armstrong - CEO Bob Christensen - President and CFO Michael Barkley - VP and Controller
Analysts: Steven Fisher - UBS Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Andy Casey - Wells Fargo Securities Ross Gilardi - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Steve Volkmann - Jefferies Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Neil Frohnapple - Longbow Research Joe Vruwink - Robert W. Baird Alex Potter - Piper Jaffray Robert Wertheimer - Barclays Capital Joe O'Dea - Vertical Research Ted Grace - Susquehanna Mike Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities Ann Duignan - JPMorgan
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR’s Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today’s call is being recorded. And if anyone has an objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR’s Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR’s Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Ron Armstrong, Chief Executive Officer; Bob Christensen, President and Chief Financial Officer and Michael Barkley, Vice President, Controller. As with prior conference calls, if there are members of the media on the line, we ask that they participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Ron Armstrong.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning. PACCAR reported strong quarterly net income of $431 million for the third quarter of 2015. This is the second best quarter in the Company’s 110 year history. Net income increased 16% compared to the third quarter last year. PACCAR’s third quarter sales and financial services revenues were $4.9 billion. Gross margins for truck, parts and other operations were outstanding at 15.3%. These strong margins were the result of our great product line-up and rigorous cost control generating an 8.9% after tax return on revenues. This was the highest return on revenues achieved since the first quarter of 2007. I’m very proud of our 24,500 employees who have delivered industry-leading products and services to our customers worldwide. PACCAR delivered 39,400 trucks during the third quarter, a 6% increase compared to the third quarter of last year. The European economic and truck market outlook continues to improve. GDP growth expectations for this year are 2.6% in the UK, which is PACCAR’s strongest market in the region, GDP growth is also accelerating on the continent. Freight transport activity on German highways is up 3% year-to-date compared to the same period last year. DAF truck registrations in the European above 16 tonne market are up 30% year-to-date compared to 20% growth for the market as a whole. We’ve raised this year’s 2015 forecast for Europe’s greater than 16 tonne market to a range of 255,000 to 265,000 units. We expect the strong market conditions to extend into next year. Our 2016 forecast for Europe’s heavy truck market is a range of 250,000 to 280,000 trucks. DAF has begun construction of $110 million cab paint facility in Westerlo, Belgium to support its future growth. The U.S. economic picture is also positive with GDP forecast to grow 2.5% this year. The housing and automotive industries are bright spots in the economy and create a large amount of freight. Housing starts are projected to grow 13% this year to 1.1 million and the automotive industry is expected to deliver a near record 17.2 million vehicles. U.S. freight tonnage is at strong levels. Our estimate of retail sales for this year’s U.S. and Canadian Class 8 truck market is a range of 275,000 to 285,000 units. For 2016, U.S. economists are forecasting 2.7% growth in GDP, 13% growth in housing starts and another year of strong sales in the automotive industry, all of which is positive for freight tonnage and truck sale. Next year should be another for the U.S. and Canadian Class 8 truck industry and be in a range of 240,000 to 270,000 units. Gross margins in the fourth quarter for truck, parts and other forecast to be one half to one percentage point higher than last year's fourth quarter. PACCAR's global truck deliveries in the fourth quarter are estimated to be about 9% lower than the third quarter reflecting increased holidays and lower bill rates in North America. This is partially offset by more production days and high of higher bill rates in Europe. PACCAR's parts business generated record revenues of over $2.3 billion and record pretax profits of $430 million for the first nine months of this year. Profit is a 17% increase, compared to the same period last year. The strong results were driven by economic growth and strong freight tonnage in the U.S. and Europe and the many innovative products and services offered by PACCAR parts and our dealers. Excluding the effects of foreign currency translation parts revenues would have been up 8% or $173 million for the first nine months of this year. For the third quarter of 2015, PACCAR parts pretax profit of 145 million generated an excellent return on sales of 18.7%. To support the growing demand for PACCAR in TRP branded parts, PACCAR parts will open a new 160,000 square foot distribution center in Renton Washington in the first half of next year. PACCAR financial services third quarter pretax income was $93 million, compared to $97 million earned a year ago. Excluding the effects of foreign currency translation profit would have increased $2 million for the quarter. The portfolio continues to grow and perform well. PACCAR’s strong balance sheet and positive cash flow have enabled the Company to continuously invest in new products and facilities. PACCAR recently announced a launch of the PACCAR MX-11 engine in North America early next year. PACCAR successfully launched the MX-11 in Europe two years ago and has installed over 10,000 MX-11 engines in DAF trucks. In addition PACCAR's engine factory in Columbus Mississippi celebrated the production of its 100,000 PACCAR MX-13 engine. Capital expenditures for 2016 are projected to be $325 million to $375 million and research and development expenses are estimated to be 240 million to 270 million. These investments will further enhance our global product ranges, after market support and our manufacturing facilities. In the third quarter PACCAR repurchased 1.4 million share of Company's stock for $79 million. In September the PACCAR Board approved a repurchase of an additional $300 million of common stock. PACCAR continues to enhance its leadership position in the global truck market by developing the highest quality products and services in the industry. Thank you and I’ll be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator:
[:
Steven Fisher: Just related to the 2% growth outlook in Europe for 2016, which market or markets within Europe do you think still have the most upside relative to replacement demand potential?
Ron Armstrong: Probably in terms of the growth percentage probably the southern markets would have the highest growth prospects just because they have been relatively low, so I think percentage wise that will be the case. Another opportunity for DAF is the Russian market which has been down a fair amount over the last couple years and there is obviously potential for that to grow with at a -- from a very low level currently this year.
Steven Fisher: And then on the buyback can you talk about how you decided on the $300 million number and whether you think there is any motivation there to make that materially larger and then potentially multiples of that number?
Ron Armstrong: Yes we have done 300 million over the last couple of times, it's a number of that we feel very comfortable with, provides a reasonable horizon and if we see the opportunity presents itself we’ll authorize an additional amount above and beyond that to appropriate time.
Steven Fisher: Make sure where the stock is trading now is not -- that’s not part of your thinking at the moment?
Ron Armstrong: Yes, we obviously have bought back shares during the quarter and with the additional authorization we have the capability to continue to buy shares as we go forward.
Operator: And then your next question will come from the line of Nicole DeBlase with Morgan Stanley.
Nicole DeBlase: So my first question for you is around the 4Q production outlook so within the 9% year-on-year decline, I am just curious how you might frame that within the U.S. and Canada versus Europe?
Ron Armstrong: So Europe will be up probably in the 30% to 35% range with the fact that we've got more production days and a higher daily build rate and offset by a similar percentage on the North American side reflecting increased holidays and lower build rates in North America.
Nicole DeBlase: And then my second question is with respect to what you guys are hearing from your customers we have had a few big fleets decided to cut their 2015 and 2016 CapEx outlook saying I know the market is super fragmented but I'm curious in particular about what you're hearing from your owner operator customers about their plans for spending next year in North America?
Ron Armstrong: I would say most of our discussions with our customers and mostly the large fleet customers, their expectations are to buy a similar number of trucks next year as they've purchased in 2015. I think we’re seeing that in the code activity that's going on currently with Peterbilt and Kenworth and as well as the order intake that’s coming in, so people are starting to make decisions about 2016 purchases.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay, thanks. I'll pass it on.
Bob Christensen: Nicole I would add that we already have several of our large customer orders in the house. And those volumes are the same as our larger generally than last year.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: I'm wondering if you could talk about the R&D budget for next year, obviously you've giving yourself room depending on end-market variability, but at the midpoint of the range is pretty good R&D growth within the context of mixed end-market outlook. Can you just talk about the potential programs that you're increasing spending on ’16 versus ’15 and then any additional color on U.S. versus Europe that you might be able to share?
Ron Armstrong: With so much of our product line up now is global in nature. I see next year being somewhat this year in terms of investing really across all elements of our products from continuing to enhance the individual component offerings within our various models at Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF. We continue to invest in our engine technology obviously we’re launching the MX-11 in January in North America. And we've greenhouse gas requirements coming into play in 2017. So we’ll continue to invest in our engine technology, our engine efficiency, the engines are performing excellently in the North American market and have for obviously 10 years in Europe. So we continue to invest in those areas as well as new systems and enhancements to our manufacturing capabilities.
Jerry Revich: And then I'm wondering if you might be able to share with us your book to bill in the quarter in Europe and separately in the U.S. or if not just maybe update us on how long your lead time spanned in the two regions?
Ron Armstrong: Europe the order intake for this quarter is up about 30% over where it was last year. So we've a good solid backlog for the fourth quarter and the result we’re increasing the build rates. We've seen the industry orders in North America and that was reduced that window some and as a result we've adjusted build rates in North America accordingly.
Jerry Revich: And then lastly, obviously the concern is what the margin performance will look like if we get to the lower end of your outlook for U.S. and Canada next year. But can you just talk about structural differences we should think about in your business this cycle versus last. I guess your gross margins are certainly higher than what most people would have expected in this cycle. Can you just help us understand how we should think about decrementals et cetera if we get to the low-end of your retail sales outlook?
Ron Armstrong: I think it starts with the engineering of the product, and our engineers with the development of the 2.1 meter cabs, and those products for Peterbilt, and Kenworth and the Euro 6 products did a fantastic job of developing optimal designs with the balance of cost and performance for our customers. The manufacture building is excellent. So we’re in great position from an operating standpoint and the products are performing very well in the marketplace. So we feel good about structurally our position in our factories. Our suppliers are performing well, and we’re able to continue to make the 5% to 7% annual enhancement that is sort of our expectation for ongoing operating efficiency and overall operational improvements.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook: A couple of questions, one, the margin performance in the quarter was impressive and in my opinion relative to where the sales came in. So can you talk about what the drivers were behind that? Was there any material cost benefit? What was the FX, how did FX impact the operating margin? And then I guess just my second question I know you said you are optimistic about 2016 based on what your large fleets customers are telling you. At the same time for the broader industry cancellations have picked up over the past three quarters relative to what you had see on a normalized basis. So have you seen anything like that is that part of the reason why you're taking your fourth quarter production down and is it just a function of people shifting delivery of trucks from the fourth quarter to 2016 or is it just orders going away at this point but you're confident that the customers will come back? Thanks.
Ron Armstrong: Okay, I’m just going to try and tackle all that; so the first part about margins Jamie was really a benefits of a lot of different areas. Obviously as I mentioned it starts with great product and pricing has been solid for us in the third quarter compared to where we’ve been. So products continue to earn a premium in the marketplace, we are benefitting from somewhat lower material cost and commodity costs, we’re seeing the benefits of operating efficiencies in our factories and the products are performing excellently in the marketplace and all those really come together to sort of generate the overall margin performance. In terms of cancellations, cancellations for us have just been very normal, I mean nothing to speak of that’s different than what we would normally expect. And in terms of timing of deliveries obviously there was a large order intake in the fourth quarter of last year, first quarter of this year and now orders are being placed for 2016 and so I think there is a bit of a low in the build as we see it currently, but the prospects for 2016 are excellent.
Jamie Cook: And I am sorry, can you quantify the material cost benefit that you got in the quarter?
Ron Armstrong: I don’t have those particular numbers Jamie, but it was a 10th or 2 of margin percent, I think.
Jamie Cook: And what got you the FX as well?
Ron Armstrong: So the FX we continue to benefit the resource are fair amount of our engine components that for North American build come from Europe and so we benefitted from that during the course of the quarter.
Jamie Cook: But you won’t quantify the amount?
Ron Armstrong: I don’t have that in front of me.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Andy Casey with Wells Fargo Securities.
Andy Casey: Ron I just wanted to go back to your comments about U.S., Canada truck 2016 order placement looking like it’s good, does that suggest despite the production commentary that you gave earlier that we should kind of expect the positive change in order trends for the last three months of the year?
Ron Armstrong: I would say that would be the case, I mean orders for the third quarter are at a 17,000-18,000 a month, I think you’ll see an increase in that. As I know certainly that the Peterbilt and Kenworth number should increase from what they saw in the third quarter.
Andy Casey: And then if we can go back to the question on the margin because clearly you're going to be -- you're anticipating mixed market conditions, next year you had a really good margin performance in third quarter within that though you had the aftermarket parts margin of 240 basis points year-on-year and it's remained above 18% for the really third consecutive quarter. What change is really driving that performance, is it structural or is it just pricing material like you kind of intimated?
Ron Armstrong: No I think it's more structural, obviously we just as we mentioned celebrated the production of our 100,000 MX engine in our Columbus engine factory. And so the population of MX engines continues to grow and we’re seeing an increased percentage of MX engine part sales and other engine part sales in the market and that is beneficial. And our team has done a great job of putting together some really innovative programs and offerings and leveraging their cost structure for their parts warehouse. So it's a combination of a lot of different elements, but I’d say that the increase in proprietary parts is a key part of it.
Andy Casey: And then last question it looks like you are projecting capital investments to go up in ’16 versus ’15 is that driven by the projects that you talked about in your monologue or are there…?
Ron Armstrong: It is, it is so the -- we’ve got the cab paint shop in Westerlo, we’ve got some other plant projects at Chillicothe and in Denton we’ve got the product projects with trucks and engines and then we’ve got continuing to enhance our systems to be able to continue to move our business forward, so all those elements contribute to that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Ross Gilardi: Yes just a couple of questions, just back on the Europe topic, clearly you’ve seen a lot of strength in Europe year-to-date. But you're forecasting a pretty significant deceleration in 2016 and I am just wondering does that reflect what you are seeing in your order book now or is that just conservatism?
Ron Armstrong: If you look at that range of market that would be certainly the best market since 2008 and a top five market probably in the history of the European market, so it's quite a good market and we have expectations of 1.5% growth on the continent to continue strong growth in the U.K. We feel like that is our best estimate at this point we’ll know more every time we report as we progress in the next year we will have better insight but we feel good about the European market and what it -- what the prospects are for next year.
Ross Gilardi: And then I am just wondering if you have seen anything in Europe, any type of change in order momentum or customer discussion in the aftermath of what's happened with VW in the auto space, and has that impacted really any of the just sort of the cadence of what's going on in Europe, and has it opened up any type of market share opportunity for you over the next 12 months?
Ron Armstrong: I would say that’s been a nonevent from our market and our business perspective, it's a certainly related to the automotive but no effect on our business.
Ross Gilardi: And then I just want to make sure I understood on your comments before on your approach as North America when you talked about 35% production changes, were those year-on-year or sequential comments?
Ron Armstrong: Sequential, sequential.
Ross Gilardi: For both Europe and for North America…
Ron Armstrong: Yes.
Ross Gilardi: So Europe up 35, North America down 35?
Ron Armstrong: Yes.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Steve Volkmann with Jefferies.
Steve Volkmann: I am wondering if maybe I can push you a little bit on some other of the drivers for 2016 just to kindly get your thinking direction?
Ron Armstrong: Sure.
Steve Volkmann: Directionally I know you have put a lot of effort into bringing your parts distribution and all that is there any reason that parts business would not be up again next year?
Ron Armstrong: Yes I think it's a lot of it is economic driven it is the amount of freight tonnage, as I mentioned in my comments, freight tonnage in North America is strong, near record levels and the same is the case in Europe, we monitor the mouth statistics and other freight metrics in Europe and those are really almost also at near record levels. So as long as the freight movement is there, there is going to be a need to service and support the truck in keeping the uptime going, so we think with our innovative practices some of the things that our team does with other the fleet services program, some of the online programs that we can continue to grow our share of that aftermarket parts business as we progress through 2016.
Steve Volkmann: And then I don’t know maybe similar comments on finance you are also I think penetrating a little more in that market?
Ron Armstrong: As is typical during a cycle when things get really good there is a lot more lenders that come into the market and think that they are going to be able to take advantage of that so we are in that particular phase and so we continue to focus on what we do very well, we have a great customer support mechanism, we are focused on serving the commercial vehicle business and our guys do a great job and we will continue to be in that 25% to 30% share of the finance market as we go forward.
Steve Volkmann: And then just finally on the MX engine I assume you would be expecting to sell more of those next year as a percentage total and maybe any thoughts on what types of volume the MX-11 might be able to drive?
Ron Armstrong: The MX-11 is not as prevalent in engine in the market as the MX as a 13 litre engine is but now we have our own engine that we can offer in that range and so that will add several percentage points to our PACCAR engine penetration as we get into the next year so I think in the near-term we’d expect 40% to 50% of our engines to be PACCAR engines.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Patrick Nolan with Deutsche Bank.
Patrick Nolan: Just a couple of follow-up questions, first on North American pricing in previous cycles as volumes started to come off from the peak, we saw pricing start to get weaker, what are your expectations for that as we go next year as the market starts to move more towards a trend a kind of demand level over the next couple of years?
Ron Armstrong: I think we are very comfortable with pricing being comparable to current levels, we are competitive in a marketplace, we got a great product and our products realize a fair price in the market and so I don’t see any significant price movement in the near-term at all.
Patrick Nolan: And if I could just go back to the margin question again maybe ask it a different way. So if next year Europe will be up a bit that’s more vertically integrated market so in theory the incrementals are better on that volume growth? And North America based on your guidance will be off a bit and then there is some cost savings on the gross margin line. Do you think that measures up to kind of a flattish gross margin next year? Or do you think gross margin would be down slightly if revenue declines a bit?
Ron Armstrong: I would say it will track volume a little bit, but I would say it would be flattish margin achievement next year compared to this year.
Patrick Nolan: And if I could just sneak one more in, what's your preliminary view on taxes next year as Europe becomes a bigger portion of the earnings?
Ron Armstrong: Michael you want to?
Michael Barkley: Yes we still expect the overall tax rate to be around 31%-32% depending on the extra earnings and other factors.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Seth Weber with RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber: Most of the questions have asked already, but can you just comment on what you're feeling about dealer inventories. We've been hearing some chatter about inventories across the industry, maybe getting a little bit elevated, are you seeing that? Or have you heard anything to that effect?
Ron Armstrong: No, not at all, our dealers are typically PACCAR dealers have sort of the low industry average inventory levels and we’re in that position currently and dealers are in great shape. So feel good about where we’re at.
Seth Weber: And then just sorry going back to Europe again, I mean how much of the strength do you think is being driven by replacement demand versus I mean you mentioned the German the freight volumes want to -- is it, macro is getting better or is it just the age of the fleet is all then you haven't seen a cycle there. Do you have an opinion to that?
Ron Armstrong: I think it's a combination of both of those. Just like we saw in North America, there is a combination of some pent up demand as well as some capacity growth.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Neil Frohnapple with Longbow Research.
Neil Frohnapple: Could you just talk about used truck price in the North America? What are you seeing in the market we've heard some signs of deterioration in the last 30-60 days? Are you guys seeing anything something similar and just any color you can add there and how that will potentially impact the new truck sale side?
Ron Armstrong: Yes I don't see used truck pricing having a significant effect on the new truck sales levels. I would say as the third quarter pricing was comparable to what it was a year-ago but you're coming into a period now where there is going to be more trucks in the market and we’ll see how that will develop as we progress in the coming quarters.
Neil Frohnapple: And then do you have an updated industry outlook for heavy duty industry registrations in the South American market. I think previously you have mentioned 70,000 to 80,000 for 2015 and just any initial thoughts on 2016?
Ron Armstrong: I'll let Bob talk to that. 
Bob Christensen: We think that 70 to 80 is a good measure for the balance of this year, and we’ll probably experience a similar level of demand in 2016.
Neil Frohnapple: And then just one final housekeeping question. Of the 24,200 units in U.S. and Canada, do you have a specific breakdown by region in the quarter?
Ron Armstrong: Between U.S. and Canada?
Neil Frohnapple: Correct.
Ron Armstrong: I don't.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Joe Vruwink with Robert W. Baird.
Joe Vruwink: I wanted to go back to the earlier comment on what large fleets have been saying because I think other than Swift actually all that have made 2016 comment have actually said that they're continue to grow their fleets next year in addition to normal and some have even said accelerated replacement to get the average age down. So with that dynamic and then looking at your forecast for next year to get the retail sales decline in the industry, is the bridge between those two things? Maybe just a deceleration in fleet growth, so ’15 was a very healthy year of expansion, next year is going to be good but just not as ’15's level?
Ron Armstrong: I think that’s a fair way to think about it. I think that is a -- because again our discussions have been that people are going to invest about what they've invested in 2015. So I think just the pace of maybe how they go about that maybe a little bit more even keeled because of the extraordinary higher order intake in the fourth quarter of ’14 and the first quarter of ’15.
Joe Vruwink: And then just based on your prior cycle experiences, it would seem to be unusual to have that sort of commentary from the large fleet, even though they are a small piece of the industry directionally they're helpful to get those comments and then expecting there has been whispers that volumes are down 15%-20% next year that just seems to two great of a disconnect. Would you generally agree with that view?
Ron Armstrong: Our thoughts are as long as the economy is in that 2% to 3% growth and there is continued strong housing and automotive activity and consumer spending is up 3% or 4% year-on-year, I think the fundamentals of the economy and therefore the effects on the our business I think are all good. So I would agree that 15% to 20% is probably overly pessimistic.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Alex Potter withPiper Jaffray.
Alex Potter: I was wondering if you can comment I guess just give an update on Brazil obviously, macro down there it seems like things are pretty much coming apart of the themes but less of the material issue for you guys since you're growing off a non-existent base. But I guess just maybe an update on how volumes are ramping down there I guess dealer development and then maybe South America more broadly speaking as well?
Ron Armstrong: Yes I feel very good about the progression our team has made, our team is very solid, we just recognized as having one of the top truck models in the marketplace and yes the market is difficult market, but our team is growing and establishing the footprint and doing all the things necessary to position us for long-term growth in that market. Bob do you have other things to add?
Bob Christensen: We’re continuing to add dealers even in a very difficult market. They are continuing to invest in their footprint. We will be introducing some new truck models at the large South American truck filled FENATRAN next month. Our production volume is small, but it is growing slightly and the fundamentals in Brazil are difficult right now, but the long-term fundamentals for trucking are very good.
Alex Potter: And then I guess one question on the truck cycle in North America then I’ll pass it on. Shifting specifically to medium duty there has been some commentary regarding I guess sustained power of the medium duty market maybe not getting whipped around as much as the heavy duty market. Would you say that that’s generally consistent with the way you guys are viewing things looking into 2016?
Ron Armstrong: Yes, I think that traditionally has been the case and I think that’s how we think about as we go forward that the ups and downs of that market typically are a little more muted than the heavy duty segment.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Robert Wertheimer with Barclays.
Robert Wertheimer: A quick question for you I mean you gave some detail on 11 liter which seems to be very successful in Europe. Do you happen to have the current mix has it reached its natural level in Europe or is it still growing and the potential for the U.S. is a follow through?
Ron Armstrong: Yes so I think it hasn’t reached the total potential in Europe I think there as time goes on and greenhouse gas requirements and fuel efficiency expectations increase. We’ll see more and more downsizing the MX 11 has capability to go up to 430 horsepower and 1,550 foot pounds of torque. So it's a very capable engine, the customers that are using it in Europe are very satisfied with the capabilities and I think we will continue to see a migration to a higher percentage. And it's about 25%-30% of DAF’s build at this point. And we’ll ramp that up in North America as we go and I think as more customers experience its capability. You’ll see just like we’ve seen with the MX 13, we’ll see a progression of more and more customers taking that engine on so.
Robert Wertheimer: Perfect, is that solely on sale in 1Q or is it going to be a staged ramp?
Ron Armstrong: No it will be a ramp-up during the course of next year.
Robert Wertheimer: And then if I can ask one more, in Europe could you speak to your share, your share gains is that geographic more or is it gaining penetration in truck versus tractor you think for a long time or is it maybe if you could give us any color on that? Thanks.
Ron Armstrong: Yes I think it's really across almost all the markets 2014 was impacted by the Euro 5 pre-buy which was really across most of the geographies and so we’ve seen a recovery this year across all they almost were up about one percentage point across the breadth of Europe and we’ve seen similar progression in most countries.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Joe O'Dea with Vertical Research.
Joe O'Dea: First it looks like you did take build down in September in Class 8 for U.S. and Canada. So just whether or not that fully now reflects your expectation for what both build rate should be at into the end of the year or if there is a little bit more work to do on taking build lower?
Ron Armstrong: No, I think we’ve adjusted build rates to where we think they need to be and we would anticipate based on where we’re at today that that will be how we’ll start next year.
Joe O'Dea: And then also on North America and within location you’ve previously talked about having very strong share within that market, the order trends within Class 8 straight have been softer recently and so if you could just talk to whether or not that has affected some of the applications that you go into or a few more protected from it and then your kind of outlook for how that should trend moving forward if we get some relief from some of that softness?
Ron Armstrong: Some of that order trend that you refer to is seasonality. We have two new models one on the Kenworth side and one on the Peterbilt side that are doing very well, the 567 and the T880 and we would anticipate that we would have another strong construction season upcoming.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Ted Grace with Susquehanna.
Ted Grace: I was hoping to dig into the parts business a little more and follow-up on some Steve's questions, could you walk through regionally how that business performed and also give us a sense for what the impact of FX was in the quarter?
Ron Armstrong: So the in the terms of the performance regionally both North America and Europe participated in about 7% to 8% growth year-on-year for the year-to-date period so they both have done very well with their programs to get a greater share of the market and take advantage of the strong freight market, so I’ll let Michael talk to the exchange rate effects.
Michael Barkley: The impact on parts revenues for the quarter was $50 million and for the year-to-date figures $155 million it has been running about that $50 million pace during…
Ted Grace: Any impact on profits?
Ron Armstrong: The impact on profit for the quarter was pretax income impact was about $10 million.
Ted Grace: Okay can you remind us what is year-to-date?
Ron Armstrong: And year-to-date would be about $30 million.
Ted Grace: Okay.
Ron Armstrong: And about a 10 million a quarter pace. That will diminish of course as we enter into different comparatives going into '16 with exchange rates have been relatively stable at these low levels for the past few months.
Ted Grace: And I think as we just think about the growth, I know you said it has been pretty even between North America and Europe, can you talk about it and largely on economic and freight volume driven but can you talk about how we should think about maybe the underlying growth versus some of the company specific initiatives to take share whether that’s more store growth or the DC initiatives, et cetera just so we get a sense for what the underlying because obviously freight volumes are growing at high single-digits so just trying to understand that dynamic?
Ron Armstrong: Lot of facet to that obviously, first of all we continue to invest in new distribution capability or expanded distribution capability we have built the new warehouse in Eindhoven and we recently expanded our racking capability in our Budapest warehouse, we doubled the size of our Lancaster warehouse, we’re essentially doubling the capacity in the Pacific North West here with the new PDC and renting, so we are continually investing to provide that best-in-class service for our dealers and customers. One of the things that we have done and we talk about it in the press release is we have opened TRP stores -- TRP standalone stores to really support the TRP brand and gain greater access to the second and third owner to the all mix trucks as well as the buses, trailers et cetera. And then our dealers have added lots of locations in North America and Europe to increase the penetration and the presence of their businesses and we are seeing the benefit of that as well, so it's -- and then you add on the additional initiatives the programs that our parts team have put together all those things together are supporting that 8% growth.
Ted Grace: And then the last thing if I could just sneak it in a follow up to question Jamie had about pricing I know you made the comment that pricing overall was solid, could you actually speak to pricing in the U.S. versus Europe and are you seeing any signs or isolated pockets of pricing weakness in Europe?
Ron Armstrong: No, pricing in both markets I say is very solid. With again the markets as we see them currently are top five markets and our products are performing well they have got a lot to offer a customer in terms of efficiency and low operating cost and so we are seeing good solid pricing with our products.
Ted Grace: Okay, I am thinking more from the standpoint of competitors, from select competitors than from progressive?
Ron Armstrong: I guess it's typical business I mean we have business that we think is very important to us and another OEMs have business they think it's important to them and so that’s just normal I would say it's all normal marketplace behaviour that we see in both North America and Europe.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question will come from the line of Mike Shlisky with Seaport Global Securities.
Mike Shlisky: So I wanted to touch back on your Class 5 to 7 share during the quarter, looked pretty solid, I kind of wonder if you can give us kind of color as to perhaps were there any kind of products in the end-market that did better than others in the quarter or any initiatives that you guys took in the quarter to kind of gain some additional share there?
Ron Armstrong: No nothing I think as time goes on more and more our dealers appreciate what that product can do for their customers. And we continue to see those products perform very well and they just continue to get a growing share of that Class 5 to 7 market.
Mike Shlisky: And then secondly I also just want to ask about the upcoming new paint facility over in Europe, is paint currently a pinch point for production or for margins, and can we expect the opening of the facility to perhaps unlock some kind of volume upside either in '16 or possibly in '17?
Ron Armstrong: As we look out for DAF’s growth expectations. We've talked before about medium-term targeting a 20% share of the European market and we need more capacity in our paint operations in addition to giving us the capacity obviously it will be state-of-the-art very environmentally friendly and really provide some good efficiencies and qualitative performance that we’ll enjoy for years to come.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Ann Duignan: I think most of my questions have been answered by now, but I just want to circle back couple of things. The MX 11 engine that will replace or compete with your current medium-duty engine which if I recall correctly is built by Cummins is that correct?
Ron Armstrong: Yes, it will compete with Cummins’ offering. I mean we will basically just replace the offering from Cummins.
Ann Duignan: Yes I just wanted to make sure that because I think Cummins builds it for you but you brand it, don't you?
Ron Armstrong: Well we have a 9 litre that we buy from them that is branded, and we’ll continue to buy that 9 litre. But we also buy some 11-12 litre engines from them that this would essentially replace.
Ann Duignan: And then if we look at orders over the last three months, Canada and export orders have been down significantly, Canada down more than 50% export orders down 70% plus. Can you talk about those markets as you head into 2016 and how divergent those might be versus your outlook for the U.S.?
Ron Armstrong: I think the Canadian order levels have been impacted obviously more by oil and gas, I think than what we've seen elsewhere, so obviously lower oil and gas prices are very positive for almost all of our customers but there are some regions that get impacted by the lower oil and gas prices and so Canada is one of those areas that have seen that but the rest of the Canadian operations and fleet activities that is very good. Export I would say that those markets are down compared to where they have been and Bob talked about some of the South American markets 70,000 to 80,000 probably more normal range would be 100,000 trucks or so per year.
Ann Duignan: And you have baked those two markets into your outlook that you have given us today. I mean you're not expecting those to get any better or?
Ron Armstrong: No, they are just part of the, it is very similar yes.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions. I'll turn the conference call back over to Mr. Hastings for closing remarks.
Ken Hastings: Thank you. I would like to thank everyone for their excellent questions. And thank you operator.
Operator: Once again we'd like to thank you for your participation on today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-28 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Hastings - Director, Investor Relations Ronald Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer Robert Christensen - President and Chief Financial Officer Michael Barkley - Vice President and Controller
Analysts: Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. Joe O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Andy Casey - Wells Fargo Securities David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Company David Raso - Evercore ISI Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group Ross Gilardi - BofA Merrill Lynch Mike Shlisky - Global Hunter Securities Scott Group - Wolfe Research
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR’s Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today’s call is being recorded. And if anyone has any objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR’s Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR’s Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Ron Armstrong, Chief Executive Officer; Bob Christensen, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Barkley, Vice President, Controller. As with prior conference calls, if there are members of the media on the line, we ask that they participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Ron Armstrong.
Ronald Armstrong: Good morning. PACCAR reported record quarterly net income of $447 million for the second quarter of 2015. Net income increased 40% compared to the results generated in the second quarter last year. PACCAR’s second quarter sales and financial services revenues were $5.1 billion. Gross margins for truck, parts and other operations were strong at 15.1%. The excellent margins coupled with the company’s rigorous cost control generated 8.8% after tax return on revenues. I’m very proud of our 24,500 employees who have delivered industry-leading products and services to our customers worldwide. PACCAR delivered 41,600 trucks during the second quarter, an 8% increase versus the first quarter this year and slightly ahead of our expectations. The improvement reflects increased truck deliveries in North America and Europe due to economic growth and strong freight demand. Looking ahead, we expect PACCAR’s global truck deliveries in the third quarter to be slightly lower compared to the second quarter, reflecting the normal summer factory shutdown for DAF and Leyland. Third quarter gross margins for truck segment will be impacted by a higher percentage of deliveries to large fleets and the summer shutdown in Europe. The European economic and truck market outlook continues to improve. GDP growth expectations for this year are 2.4% in the UK, which is PACCAR’s strongest market in the region, with 1.5% GDP growth on the continent. Freight transport activity on German highways is up 2.6% year-to-date through June compared to the same period last year and it’s at the highest level since the German toll system was launched in 2007. DAF heavy truck order intake for the second quarter was 60% higher than a year ago. We’ve raised our forecast for Europe’s greater than 16 ton market to a range of 240,000 to 260,000 units, reflecting the strength in orders and the improved economic outlook. DAF’s heavy truck market share is 15% year-to-date. The US economic picture remains positive with GDP forecast to grow 2.4% this year. The housing and automotive industries are bright spots in the economy and create a large amount of freight. Housing starts are projected to grow 11% this year to 1.1 million and the automotive industry is expected to deliver 16.9 million vehicles, near the record level of 17.3 million set in the year 2000. US freight tonnage is at near record levels. We’ve raised our US and Canadian Class 8 truck industry retail sales estimate to a range of 270,000 to 290,000 units this year. The stronger market reflects expansion in industrial fleet capacity due to continued strong freight fundamentals. Peterbilt and Kenworth’s combined share of the US and Canadian market is 28% year-to-date. PACCAR’s parts business generated record quarterly pre-tax profits of $146 million, a 15% increase compared to $127 million in the same quarter of last year. The strong results were driven by economic growth in the US and Europe and the many innovative products and services offered by PACCAR parts and our dealers. PACCAR parts revenue was $777 million compared to $778 million achieved in the second quarter of 2014. Excluding the effects of foreign currency translations, parts revenue would have been up 7% for the second quarter and first six months of this year. PACCAR Financial Services’ second quarter pre-tax income was $91 million compared to $92 million earned a year ago. Foreign currency translation reduced profit by $4 million for the quarter. The portfolio continues to grow and perform well. PACCAR’s strong balance sheet and positive cash flow have enabled the company to invest $5.9 billion in new products and facilities in the last 10 years. Our outstanding results this year reflect the quality of those investments. Looking forward, PACCAR is well positioned for future growth, with further investments in geographic expansion, aftermarket parts and service capabilities and powertrain and truck technologies that increase fuel efficiency, safety and reliability. This year, PACCAR’s capital spending of $325 million to $375 million is targeted at enhanced powertrain development and increased operating efficiency of our assembly and distribution facilities. Research and development expenses are estimated to be in the range of $225 million to $250 million. PACCAR’s technology leadership has been enhanced as Kenworth TruckTech+ and Peterbilt SmartLinq remote diagnostic systems are now in production on new Kenworth and Peterbilt Class 8 trucks specified with the PACCAR MX-13 engine. DAF plans to launch its connected truck technology in the fourth quarter of this year. In addition, PACCAR parts has begun construction of a new 176,000 square foot distribution center in Renton, Washington. We expect this distribution center to open in mid-2016. DAF’s cab factory in Westerlo, Belgium plans to begin construction of a new cab paint facility this year. This environmentally friendly paint facility will increase DAF’s production capacity and utilize the latest robotic technology to improve operating efficiency. PACCAR’s Board of Directors approved a 9% increase in the regular quarterly dividend to $0.24 per share at its July meeting. The company has increased the regular quarterly dividend by more than 165% in the last six years. PACCAR continues to enhance its leadership position in the global truck market by developing the highest quality products and services in the industry and providing excellent returns to its shareholders. Thank you. And I’d be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Ann Duignan: I guess I was interested in – you talked about the investments in powertrain capabilities going forward, can you just give us a little bit more detail on what specifically you’re investing in?
Ronald Armstrong: It’s all about operating efficiency and being the leader in providing that to our customers to reduce their operating cost. So that’s a continual stream of investment in research and development as well as capital to support those initiatives. We’ve got greenhouse gas requirements coming into play in 2017 and additional requirements beyond that. And so we’ll just continue to make those investments to support our customers.
Ann Duignan: And then on European outlook, can you talk about your revised outlook versus the very strong registrations we’ve been seeing year to date particularly in June?
Ronald Armstrong: Well, our revised outlook reflects those, strength in those registrations as well as the strength of the DAF order intake. So we see that there could be some further upside potential as the year progresses. But as we see it now, we see it at that 10% improvement is certainly achievable and so there could be some upside.
Ann Duignan: And where specifically do you think the upside could come from? Is it Germany, UK or some of the weaker southern countries that are just coming from zero basically?
Ronald Armstrong: I think we’ve seen general improvement across all the markets, some a little bit more than others, but general improvement across all.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: Ron, I’m wondering if you could just bridge the margin performance for us in the quarter either year over year or sequentially at the gross margin line. Any specific or significant items that you highlight pricing versus cost, any other factors that you can just maybe help us understand pretty significant expansion on both year over year and sequentially?
Ronald Armstrong: As you know, we’ve always maintained a healthy discipline of rigorous cost control and we continue to do that. So I think the operating leverage is the single biggest factor that we’ve seen contribute to our margin performance over the last 12 months and quarter over quarter. So other positive things include some positive effects of materials and pricing, but those are muted compared to the operating leverage.
Jerry Revich: And then for the parts business, the 7% organic growth in the quarter, can you flush out for us whether Europe was above or below that? And any color that you can give us from a mix standpoint, I think this is the second or third quarter in a row in which parts mix was favorable to you folks, can you just talk about what’s driving that?
Ronald Armstrong: The parts team has done a great job of continuing to build its programs and it’s expanding its all mixed products capability for both trucks, trailers, buses, et cetera. And so we continue to see nice growth in that business. And we just really saw it spread pretty evenly across all of our geographies, both North America, Europe and around the world.
Jerry Revich: And lastly, in Europe, can you tell us what the book to bill was in the quarter or how much lead times lengthened as a result of the orders, just put the 60% order growth into context relative to production in the second quarter, if you don’t mind?
Ronald Armstrong: Again, we don’t think in those terms generally, but the backlog is very healthy and supports our expected plans to increase our build rate during the second half of this year.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Joe O’Dea with Vertical Research.
Joe O’Dea: The first question maybe more specifically on the margin in looking at the truck segment, because that seemed to be the strongest performer between truck and parts, and a very strong sequential incremental margin there. And so understandably some leverage benefit, but also I think you did talk a little bit about maybe some customer mix that was a benefit. Anything else in the quarter? And then how we should think about the back half of the year margin in the truck segment, whether 2Q is a good benchmark or some of the shifts that might happen to bring that down?
Ronald Armstrong: As I mentioned in my comments, we expect that the third quarter will be impacted by little heavier fleet mix in the third quarter as well is normal factory shutdown that we have in Europe. So some leverage effects related to that.
Joe O’Dea: But other than that, nothing else specifically in the quarter to get 10.5% margin?
Ronald Armstrong: Nothing unusual in the second quarter and we don’t have any expectations for any unusual items in the third quarter.
Joe O’Dea: And then in North America, on sort of vocational demand, any sort of weakening that you’ve seen in those markets related to oil and also just with respect to your backlog, did you see any higher activity in terms of cancellations in the quarter?
Ronald Armstrong: No. Cancellations have been at a very low rate and vocational trucks are very active, lots of reasonable growth in housing construction, commercial construction. So it’s all been pretty steady.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Patrick Nolan with Deutsche Bank.
Patrick Nolan: Two questions. The first, can you just discuss where you’re seeing some of the pricing dynamics both in North America and Europe?
Ronald Armstrong: I think pricing is reasonably consistent. We have great products, the Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF teams have pretty much have new product lines that are in the field over the last one to two years and those have been very well received. We continue to invest in fuel efficiency of our engines, the aerodynamics of our vehicles, and all those elements are very well received by our customers. Good value. So continue to achieve our premium pricing for our products. And the outlook is bright as we continue for the rest of this year and into next.
Patrick Nolan: Second question, very strong margin performance in the quarter, but some of your suppliers have actually said running at this pace of production for the industry inherently some inefficiencies that go along with that, do you see that? I mean, when you think about next year’s volume outlook, even volumes off a little bit, the margin still go up in North America or is this kind of really good operating environment in your opinion?
Ronald Armstrong: I think it’s a really good operating environment. I think we’re in a good position right now and obviously our teams in our factories do a great job of managing to the conditions in the marketplace and we expect that that will continue as we move forward of course this year and next.
Robert Christensen: I would just add that the rate of increase in production over the last several quarters has been relatively modest and that has allowed the suppliers to lay in capacity and efficiency improvements in an orderly way and they are performing very well.
Patrick Nolan: Can I just sneak in one more, what percent of your Class 8 volume was the internal PACCAR engine?
Ronald Armstrong: It’s about 40%.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher with UBS.
Steven Fisher: I’m wondering about your visibility into 2016 at this point, how much of the 60% growth in orders in Europe would extend into 2016? And to what extent do you have North American orders for 2016 yet?
Ronald Armstrong: I’d say most of the orders for DAF are 2015 build, some 2016 orders, but not a significant amount. And I would say that the build in North America, just a good, a few long term fleet orders that are in the backlog, but not a substantial percentage of 2016 expectations.
Steven Fisher: And would that be about typical with where you’d expect to be for...
Ronald Armstrong: Yeah, right where we expect to be, a lot of discussions are going on right now with customers about their plans for 2016 and indications are that purchase expectations will be very similar to what we’ve experienced in 2015.
Steven Fisher: And then very solid $600 million of free cash flow in the first half of the year. How do you see that shaping up in the second half? I mean, it looks like your CapEx is scheduled to pick up by maybe a couple of hundred million, but how about on the operating cash flow side?
Ronald Armstrong: I think the operating cash flow will be very consistent from what we’ve seen in the first half. As you mentioned, the pace of investment in some of the capital projects will likely accelerate and we’ll continue to invest in R&D.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Nicole DeBlase with Morgan Stanley.
Nicole DeBlase: So Ron, I guess my question is around the 3Q guidance that you gave. Can you give a little bit more on an order of magnitude, I know it’s normal seasonality to see production dip down in the third quarter as well as gross margins, but can you characterize that at all versus what we saw in 2Q?
Ronald Armstrong: Yeah, I think as I mentioned, just the fact that we typically have a summer shutdown period in Europe and that’s two full weeks and two partial weeks, which impacts the level of production. And so, that’s just normal business. From a margin perspective, as I mentioned, you do have some operating leverage effects of that and the mix of customers is a little bit more tilted towards the fleet side during the third quarter than what we saw in the second quarter.
Nicole DeBlase: And any change to the full year, I think you guys previously were saying about gross margins about in line with what you reported during 1Q, which would then embed like 100 bps of gross margin expansion?
Ronald Armstrong: I think given the performance in the second quarter, it’d probably be up a bit from that.
Operator: The next question is from Seth Weber with RBC Capital Management.
Seth Weber: So going back to the customer mix, I mean, with the fleets, do you expect that to revert back in the fourth quarter to more or like what we saw in the second quarter? I’m just trying to understand if this is a seasonal hiccup that you usually see or if there is something structurally that’s changing here.
Ronald Armstrong: No, it’s just normal month to month, quarter to quarter change in who we’re building trucks for. Nothing more than that.
Seth Weber: So the order book reflects that it would shift back the other way?
Ronald Armstrong: It’s just pretty normal.
Seth Weber: If I could clarify something, there was the $4 million currency benefit that you talked to in the prepared remarks. Is that on the finco or was that total company contribution to profit?
Ronald Armstrong: That was on the financial services, it was a reduction of financial services profit for the second quarter versus the second quarter last year.
Seth Weber: And is there a number for how much currency affected the manufacturing business in the quarter for profitability?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. Let’s get our hands on that. You’re looking for the quarter?
Seth Weber: Right.
Ronald Armstrong: For the quarter, for the truck and other, it was $12 million of pretax profit negative impact. That was largely offset by a favorable cost on the engine content side from our engines fleet built in our Columbus, Mississippi. And on the parts side, it’s about $12 million pretax profit impact.
Seth Weber: So in aggregate about $24 million total?
Ronald Armstrong: Yeah. And then the $4 million from financial services, so in aggregate about $28 million.
Seth Weber: And then if I could just sneak one last one, the SG&A continues to be lower than what we’ve been expecting, is this a sustainable level do you feel like?
Ronald Armstrong: SG&A has also been benefiting from the impact of currency, a lot of our SG&A is outside the US and so we’ve had some currency benefit. But the level that you’re seeing is sustainable at these currency levels.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Andy Casey with Wells Fargo.
Andy Casey: Could you help us a little bit more with the Q3 comment around production, are you basically expecting US, Canada build to be reasonably constant and then everywhere else basically to be down?
Ronald Armstrong: It’s all reasonably constant. I think we’re talking about a 1% to 2% reduction in total truck production for the quarter. So it’s going to be pretty comparable.
Andy Casey: And then the EBIT margin improvement in parts has been strong year over year for a couple quarters now. Are we beginning to see the improvement related to the increased proprietary engine content that you introduced a few years ago start to run through the parts line or is it just fundamentally the mix that you talked about?
Ronald Armstrong: I think there is definitely some benefit from higher increased engine parts sales. We’re up about 90,000 MX engines in the field in North America and hundreds of thousands of engines in the field in Europe. And so that population continues to grow, so we see the benefit of that. And PACCAR parts has done a nice job of developing PACCAR brands and transitioning more and more of the parts sales to PACCAR branded components. So I think the execution by our parts team has been excellent.
Robert Christensen: I’d add that there continues to be excellent leverage in the parts business from our distribution centers globally and we’re benefitting from lower freight rates due to fuel prices.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David Leiker with Robert W. Baird.
David Leiker: Where are you tracking right now in North America and Europe in your truck plants for capacity utilization?
Ronald Armstrong: We have lots of capacity available in most of our factories to be able to produce trucks to meet customer demand. So it’s not a concern for us.
David Leiker: And then there’s a lot of discussion about where we are in the cycle and I’d say we’re in an elongated cycle here where economic growth continues to muddle along like we are and demand for trucks stays where it is. In that environment, what kind of ability do you think you have to push margins higher given a relatively constant level of high demand?
Ronald Armstrong: Operating leverage is a very positive thing and so to the extent that we can further take advantage of that, there’s some upside. But if you took competitive market and we have great products to provide to our customers and we expect to get good value for what we’re producing and we expect that to continue overtime. We continue to look for ways to make our plants continuously more efficient and achieve cost reductions to improve our results.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David Raso with Evercore.
David Raso: The stock is not really responding that much to a pretty strong print here so folks are obviously concerned about your ability to grow earnings next year. Can you help us understand a little bit then the moving parts of the incremental margins? Let’s strip out currency, if somebody is looking at Europe next year, let’s assume they think it’s up, can you help us understand the incremental margin difference that we can expect to save and what you’re seeing right now or just some framework of how to think about if you want to model Europe up, what kind of incrementals can you expect in that region to maybe offset some of the North American decrementals?
Ronald Armstrong: David, we obviously expect to the extent that we can increase production levels, there are some operating leverage benefits that go with that. And if you look at the performance overtime, incremental margins had been 20% plus or minus. And so that’s probably more indicative of the longer term trend. And so to the extent that we can get additional volume, I would expect we’d see that kind of performance going forward.
David Raso: But the question was splitting the geographies, because at least the base case is they’re going opposite directions, right. So if North America is down 10% and Europe is up, you name the number, 15%, 20%, whatever it may be, people are trying to figure out of course North America is larger. But what kind of incremental margins could one expect from Europe given you’re more vertically integrated there but obviously pricing is still a bit challenged there. So if you can help us at all differentiating between North America and Europe on incremental margins into next year.
Ronald Armstrong: I think the incremental/decremental is very comparable across the geographies. So there’s no significant difference.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ted Grace with Susquehanna.
Ted Grace: First thing, I was just wondering could you just walk through deliveries by region?
Ronald Armstrong: Sure. We actually added a table in our press release at the very end of the schedules.
Ted Grace: I apologize. I missed that.
Ronald Armstrong: That’s okay.
Ted Grace: Second thing I was hoping you might be able to walk through is just in terms of the situation in Europe with the EC, I know you provided an update in the press release saying that you’re unable to give an estimate for the impact. And I was just wondering if you could remind us why you can’t quantify that? I recognize that there can be different reporting requirements for US versus European companies, but just as a reminder, can you give us the reason why we can’t walk through a quantitative framework? And then related basis, would it be fair to assume we could look at the European competitors at least as a framework to think about PACCAR’s exposure?
Ronald Armstrong: I can’t comment on what the competitors have done. Our press release has an update, not any significant developments during the quarter. So that’s about all I can say about that.
Ted Grace: And then the last thing if I could just ask, I know you said there were a lot of great things going in the business, I think the numbers speak for themselves, but can you talk about where your biggest concerns are, what’s keeping you up at night, anything that’s on the horizon that you’re very mindful of that you would point to?
Ronald Armstrong: We have a great team that delivers great results as evidenced by the press release. And so I sleep pretty well most nights, I got to tell you. There’s always challenges, always opportunities and so we look forward to seizing those and taking advantage of those as we move forward. So that’ll always continue to be our approach.
Operator: The next question is from Ross Gilardi with Bank of America.
Ross Gilardi: I wanted to understand on the deliveries versus the geographic revenue breakdown, so you had an 8% decline in European sales on a 25% increase in deliveries. I understand what’s happened with the euro/dollar, but even if you factor that in, it seems like there’s a big gap and I’m wondering if you can help bridge that, is that pricing or something with the mix or any help there?
Ronald Armstrong: So the effects of the euro on revenue for the quarter was about $250 million. So you add that back to the equation and part of it is a little bit larger mix of the light duty trucks, the model LF compared to the CF, XF mix during the first half of last year.
Ross Gilardi: Anything in particular driving that?
Ronald Armstrong: No, just customer demand, all the trucks are great and the LF is particularly popular in the UK and very well received by customers and that market has grown little faster than the rest of Europe, reflecting their economic growth. And so we’re seeing some benefits from that phenomenon.
Ross Gilardi: And then back on the parts margin, so you’ve had two consecutive quarters of 18% to 19%, should we look at this as the newer and higher baseline going forward? And is there any reason why that number actually can’t go up if you continue to post 6% to 8% organic growth in the parts business over the next several years like you have in the past?
Ronald Armstrong: I think as Bob said, we’ve gotten the benefits of operating leverage and that should continue. Obviously, freight rates are dependent lot on diesel prices. And so that will go up or down as diesel prices move. But again, our team has done a good job of transitioning to PACCAR branded components and with our newest designs, we have a higher element of proprietary content. So I think we’re in good shape and positioned well and shouldn’t see significant movements from where we’re at currently.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Shlisky with Global Hunter.
Mike Shlisky: Wanted to ask you guys about Brazil, it wasn’t really mentioned in the press release or in any of your comments. I know it’s been a really rough market this year, wondering if you can give us your thoughts as to how that’s going and whether the DAF volumes there are ramping in line with your expectations.
Ronald Armstrong: So we continue to be a pretty small player in that market. Our team is doing great. The factory is running very well. The quality of the product is excellent and very well received by the customers. Our dealers continue to invest in their facilities to fully represent the DAF brand in the market. The market this year will be down substantially, probably in the 45,000 to 55,000 truck range, South America total probably 70,000 to 80,000 trucks for the year. But we have a great team and a great long term perspective on building our business. And it will be a bigger and bigger contributor to PACCAR’s results overtime.
Mike Shlisky: My other question is about the new parts DC that’s opening in 2016 in Washington. Is there any chance for any kind of a gross margin impact while there’s some kind of a transition or in the opening process there at some point during 2016?
Ronald Armstrong: No, we opened and expand distribution centers on an ongoing basis and it’s just part of continuing to support that growing parts business and our dealers’ needs to have same day delivery to meet their needs. So there won’t be any margin impact as a result of that transition.
Operator: The next question is from Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Scott Group: Just one quick question, the 40% you’re doing with your own engines in the US, what’s the – any update on the near and long-term target there?
Ronald Armstrong: I think we’ll continue to see that grow, more and more customers a lot of times they’ll start with some level if they’re a larger fleet and as they get experience, most will often increase their percentage penetration in our fleet with the MX engine. So we expect that to continue to grow 50%, 60% overtime. The engine has the capability to meet about 80% of our customers’ needs. So we’re very excited about the potential for that as we progress over the next three to five years.
Robert Christensen: Today, in the North American market, we offer the PACCAR MX 13, beginning next year we’ll also be offering the PACCAR MX 11 engine which was introduced in Europe a couple of years ago with a great success. So we’ll be enhancing the North American engine lineup.
Scott Group: And is 50% to 60% you think that’s a realistic target for next year?
Ronald Armstrong: I think overtime.
Scott Group: How about on the medium duty side?
Ronald Armstrong: We install PACCAR engines, branded engines purchased from Cummins for our medium duty product.
Scott Group: I guess the question was, do you think about doing – expanding into the medium duty on the engine side here in North America?
Ronald Armstrong: It’s always a possibility, but nothing on the short term horizon for us in that area.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is from Ted Grace with Susquehanna.
Ted Grace: I just wanted to follow up on the outlook for the MX platform, the 13 specifically. Have you entered into conversations with other OEMs unnamed who might be interested in buying that engine from you over time? Is there an opportunity that you could sell that to competitors?
Ronald Armstrong: Typically it hasn’t been our approach. We have a great engine to support our product and we got the capacity to support future growth, but selling to other OEMs is not an avenue that we thought about pursuing.
Ted Grace: Could it be conceivable if it – obviously get you volume and not just pull through but obviously profit margin with that?
Ronald Armstrong: It’s possible, but really not part of our thought process at this time.
Robert Christensen: We do sell a handful of engines to bus, luxury bus and coach manufacturers, but it’s really not significant in terms of overall production mix.
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Ronald Armstrong: I would like to thank everyone for their excellent questions and thank you operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR’s earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Hastings - Director, Investor Relations Ronald Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital Inc. Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. JB Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co. Joel Tiss - Bank of Montreal Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank Timothy Thein - Citigroup Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies LLC Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Emily Mclaughlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Joseph Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co. Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners LLC David Raso - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities Alexander Potter - Piper Jaffray Neil Frohnapple - Longbow Research Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLP Reena Krishnan - Wolfe Research Mike Shlisky - Global Hunter Securities Michael Feniger - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR’s First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today’s call is being recorded. And if anyone has any objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR’s Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR’s Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Ron Armstrong, Chief Executive Officer; Bob Christensen, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Barkley, Vice President, Controller. As with prior conference calls, if there are members of the media on the line, we ask that they participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Ron Armstrong.
Ronald Armstrong: Good morning. PACCAR reported excellent revenues and net income for the first quarter of 2015. PACCAR’s first quarter sales and financial services revenues were $4.8 billion. And quarterly net income was $378 million and after tax return on revenues of 7.8%. Net income increased 38% compared to the results generated in the first quarter last year. I’m very proud of our 23,000 employees who have delivered industry leading products and services to our customers worldwide. The first quarter marked another major milestone for PACCAR with DAF celebrating its 1 millionth truck delivery. I’m very proud of the thousands of DAF and Leyland employees over the years who contributed to this achievement. PACCAR delivered 38,300 trucks during the first quarter, a 20% increase versus the first quarter last year, slightly ahead of our expectations. The improvement reflects increased truck deliveries in the U.S. and Canada due to a good economy, record freight demand and expansion of fleet capacity. Deliveries in Europe were 10% higher than last year’s first quarter. Looking ahead, we expect to increase truck deliveries in the second quarter by 5% to 7% compared to the first quarter reflecting higher production rates for medium and heavy duty trucks in North America and Europe. Second quarter gross margins are projected to be slightly higher than the first quarter reflecting the benefits of increased production levels and improved operating efficiencies. Europe’s economic outlook has been helped recently by the European Central Bank’s quantitative easing program and lower oil prices. GDP growth expectations for this year are 2.6% in the UK which is PACCAR’s strongest market in the region, and 1.3% on the continent. Freight transport activity on German highways in March was up 4% over last year and at the highest first quarter level since the German toll system was launched in 2007. We have raised our forecast for Europe’s greater than 16-tonne market to a range of 220,000 units to 250,000 units reflecting a rebound in orders and the brighter economic outlook. Year-to-date, DAF has achieved a 15.5% share of the heavy truck market. I want to comment on the effects the translation had on our revenues during the first quarter of this year. Looking at truck and other revenue, revenues were impacted by $232 million. Looking at parts, parts was impacted by $49 million for a total impact on revenues of $281 million. The impact on financial services was a reduction of $16 million. On profit, the effects of translation were largely offset by a natural hedge that we have with respect to the purchase of engine components for our engines that we manufacture in North America.  Turning to the U.S., the economic picture in the U.S. remains positive with GDP forecast to grow 2.9% this year. The housing and automotive industries create a large amount of freight. Housing starts are projected to grow 14% this year to over 1.1 million. And the automotive industry is expected to deliver 16.8 million vehicles near record levels. We estimate U.S. and Canadian Class 8 industry retail sales will be in a range of 260,000 units to 290,000 units this year, up from 250,000 units in 2014. The stronger market reflects expansion in industry fleet capacity due to continued strong freight fundamentals. Industry truck orders for the U.S. and Canada in each of the last two quarters were the highest since 2006. Peterbilt and Kenworth’s combined share of the U.S. and Canadian market is over 27% year-to-date. PACCAR’s parts business generated quarterly revenues of $753 million, a 4% increase compared to $727 million in the same quarter of last year. PACCAR parts quarterly pretax income was $139 million, an increase of 24% compared to the $112 million earned in the first quarter of 2014. The strong results were driven by high fleet utilization, growth in the size of the North American truck parc, and the many innovative products and services offered by PACCAR parts and our dealers. PACCAR Financial Services first quarter pretax income was $89 million compared to $86 million earned a year ago with profits, which resulted from growth and asset balances and excellent portfolio performance. PACCAR strong balance sheet and positive cash flow have enabled the company to invest over $3.1 billion in new products and facilities in the last five years. We’re delighted that the new Kenworth T880 truck powered by the PACCAR MX-13 engine was honored as the 2015 Commercial Truck of the Year by the American Truck Dealers. PAACAR’s capital spending of $325 million to $375 million this year is targeted at enhanced powertrain development and increased operating efficiency of our assembly and distribution facilities. Research and development expenses are estimated to be in a range of $225 million to $250 million. PAACAR continues to enhance its leadership position in the global truck market by developing the highest quality products and services in the industry. Thank you. I’d be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Andy Casey with Wells Fargo.
Andrew Casey: Thank you. Good morning, everybody.
Ronald Armstrong: Good morning, Andy.
Andrew Casey: Just a quick question Ron on whether you guys have seen any improvement in the outlook for pricing whether it would be Q2 or second-half specifically in North America?
Ronald Armstrong: I just say pricing is very stable. Customers recognize the value of the Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF products around the world. Markets are always competitive and we have a great product to offer. And so I think that the pricing at this point is very stable.
Andrew Casey: Okay, thanks. And then the comment about the 5% to 7% sequential production increase. Is part of that more days in the quarter, or are you able specifically in North America to increase production by utilizing some of your other production sites as opposed to the two primary ones for Class 8?
Ronald Armstrong: I would say, most of it is higher daily production rates with maybe a day or two extra.
Andrew Casey: Okay. Thank you very much.
Ronald Armstrong: Sure.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Andrew Kaplowitz with Barclays.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Hey, good morning, guys. Nice quarter.
Ronald Armstrong: Thank you. Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Kaplowitz: So incremental margin appear to take a meaningful jump this quarter and gross margin was well ahead of your previous guidance of 100 basis points to 150 basis points of year-over-year improvement. So can you talk about what ended up being better than your expectations? It does look like some of that is strong parts margin, and maybe your distribution center is ramping up there significantly, I don’t know or are you starting to get better absorption and pricing in Europe?
Ronald Armstrong: I think your observation about parts is right on point, several things there. One was favorable mix of the products that were sold, the operating leverage of our cost structure, and we did see some benefits from the lower oil price and the effect on our delivery costs from our parts business. So those factors played a role, and then just the - a more stable build rate in the operating efficiencies that come with operating at a stable level.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Okay, that’s good. And then Ron, you said the gross margin would be about 50 basis points better for the year, but after being better than expectations in 1Q, what could that margin improvement look like for the year?
Ronald Armstrong: I would think that for the year we look at something that would be comparable to first quarter levels.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Okay. Thank you.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Ann Duignan: Hi, good morning guys.
Ronald Armstrong: Good morning, Ann.
Ann Duignan: Good morning. Can you comment on your - what you mentioned about some fleet expansion out there, whether that’s part of a trend you are beginning to see, we hear a lot about driver shortage, et cetera, et cetera. And then comment on if we continue to see some fleet expansion, could that have a negative impact on your parts business as we go forward, more new trucks, fewer parts and services?
Ronald Armstrong: I think the parts business is well positioned. The trucks that are there are operating at over 90% utilization, which is really a peak level. So I don’t see any tapering off from whether it’s that those are new trucks or older trucks. I think the parts business will continue to benefit from strong freight markets not only in North America, but also in Europe. And I think, the fleets, there was some pent-up demand over the more challenging years more and more fleets are renewing their fleets, and also I think if they had additional drivers they would probably purchase additional trucks. But we’ve seen some fleets be able to make those expansion, so.
Ann Duignan: Okay, thank you. And then just if you could comment on the rise in cancellations last month, I know it was an industry number. But are you seeing anything out there on the cancellation side that caused you any concern as we go through the year, [indiscernible] oil and gas or anything?
Ronald Armstrong: No, no concerns at all.
Ann Duignan: Okay. Thank you. I appreciate it.
Ronald Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Jerry, your line is open. Please proceed with your question.
Jerry Revich: Good morning. Sorry about that. I’m wondering if you gentlemen can talk about the book to bill in the quarter in Europe? One of your competitors spoke about a 40% year-over-year increase in orders in the quarter. Are you seeing as much momentum as they are? Can you just calibrate us there?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. So as we look at DAF’s orders in the first quarter compared to fourth quarter levels, we’re also up about 40%.
Jerry Revich: And in terms of in the PACCAR financial business, you continue at pretty good margin performance there. Can you just talk about how we should think about the debt to equity ratio for that business? You’ve taken it down about a turn over the past year, plus can you just talk about what’s driving the more conservative balance sheet there and how we should think about the ratio longer term?
Ronald Armstrong: I think we’ve just been able to - we’ve retained the earnings that we’ve achieved over the last many years and retained those in the business. So more of our portfolio is being funded with the equity, but I would see the leverage would continue at similar levels to where we’re at currently in the foreseeable future.
Jerry Revich: Okay. And then can you update us on your push on the operating lease side? What’s your penetration look like? Is that still a meaningful priority for you folks in that business?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. I mean we have a full line of products that PACCAR Financial Services offer. So we’re very willing to provide loans, leases, floor plan financing, all the products that we offer to all of our customers and our dealers. And we’re not preferential to anyone particular product; we just want to meet our customer’s needs and support the growth of those that sell PACCAR trucks.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Thank you.
Ronald Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of JB Groh with D.A. Davidson.
JB Groh: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my call. Just a couple of housekeeping issues on the SG&A that - year-over-year that pretty nice decrease there. Is there something that was happening last year that caused that to be a little higher, is this roughly $110 million a good run rate for the remainder of the year should that go up a little bit?
Ronald Armstrong: The SG&A did benefit about $10 million from exchange effects.
JB Groh: Okay.
Ronald Armstrong: And the current exchange rate, this is a fairly good run rate.
JB Groh: Okay. And I know you can’t give us any details on this European Commission in terms of the potential impact, but how about timing? Any idea when there will be some sort of…?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. We’ve got - provided the update in our press release. We really have nothing else to add at this point, JB.
JB Groh: Okay, that’s fair. And then how about an update on South America? How are things going there?
Ronald Armstrong: Things are going very well. Our factory continues to build excellent trucks for the Brazilian market. More and more dealers are opening their new facilities, continue to construct new facilities. We’re still identifying dealers in some areas of expansion, so it’s all progressing very well and as we look at the long-term that will be an excellent investment for us.
JB Groh: But is the rate that you are currently delivering there, is that probably a little bit of a drag on the margin?
Ronald Armstrong: Our deliveries are very steady, so it’s been at the same rate for the last several quarters.
JB Groh: Okay. And then did you get, I didn’t - I don’t know if I got this, do you give the delivery numbers?
Ronald Armstrong: By region or - a total of 38,300 trucks in the first quarter.
JB Groh: Okay. Okay. Thank you.
Ronald Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Tiss with Bank of Montreal.
Ronald Armstrong: Good morning, Joel.
Joel Tiss: Hey, how it’s going?
Ronald Armstrong: Great.
Joel Tiss: That was a beautiful quarter.
Ronald Armstrong: Thank you.
Joel Tiss: Is your European share gain, do you think that’s going to continue, or do you think the growth for the foreseeable future is going to be more or less in line with the market growth?
Ronald Armstrong: I think our growth will be in line with market. And if you look over the last 15 years, we’ve sort of gone from less than 10% to up to 16% last year being a little bit of an anomaly with the Euro 5 noise in the market. So, I think the 15.5% is about where we expect to see the year and hopefully, we’ll continue to grow and build on that base, as we go forward in the years to come.
Joel Tiss: Are we going to see any tax rate benefit from the mix shift, maybe a little more Europe coming in the future?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, there could be tenths of a point, but it’s not going to be significant.
Joel Tiss: It won’t be meaningful.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes.
Joel Tiss: Great. Thank you so much.
Ronald Armstrong: Thank you, Joel.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher with UBS.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Good morning.
Ronald Armstrong: Good morning.
Steven Fisher: I’m not sure if this is what you’re exactly answering Andy Kaplowitz before. But how sustainable do you think this level of parts margin is? And what were the biggest contributors to the mix in there that you mentioned?
Ronald Armstrong: The mix is primarily just a higher mix of proprietary and PACCAR brand and product compared to maybe all mix versus vendor product line. So that’s the mix side of that. And 4%, we expect the year to be somewhere in the 2% to 5% range at current exchange rates.
Steven Fisher: Okay. But the 18.5% margin that you did in the parts business is the sustainability of that?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, I think we see that the parts margins as we go forward in the succeeding quarters would be comparable to first quarter level.
Steven Fisher: Okay. And then can you just talk about the cadence, the free cash flow over the balance of the year, and I think the CapEx you might be ramping up from the $55 million in the first quarter, but would you see some offset there to get your free cash flow posted your net income level?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, I think we will see an acceleration of capital spending, as we progress through the year, but won’t be dramatic. And so, yeah, we continue to generate strong operating cash flow and we’ll see a pretty normal, as we progress through the rest of this year.
Steven Fisher: Okay. Thank you.
Ronald Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Thein with Citigroup.
Timothy Thein: Great. Thank you. Good morning.
Ronald Armstrong: Hi, Tim.
Timothy Thein: Ron, the first one is just on actually two on Europe. As you - as we kind of exit 2015 based on the way that you expect the market to play out, where would you think whoever you expect to be in terms of that spread between the average truck price in Europe relative to the higher Euro 6 content, i.e., does that that headwind that you faced in 2014, does that go away, or still not - volume is not high enough to be able to offset the full amount?
Ronald Armstrong: Tim, I think it really depends on the strength of the market and the competitive nature of the market. And it’s just, it’s early days. We have seen some very positive signs in the last couple of months in terms of order intake activity in Europe, but we’ll see how things progress. So it will be dependent on level of market demand at that point.
Timothy Thein: Okay. And then just again sticking in Europe, did you take your, or did you adjust your parts in a constant currency - on a constant currency basis? Did you adjust your full-year parts sales expectations in Europe on the back of the better freight environment that you mentioned?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. So I mean, we expect that parts will grow in Europe during the course of this year, because the effects of currency, parts revenue growth consolidate will be somewhere probably in the 2% to 5% range for the year and 4% for the first quarter.
Timothy Thein: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Ronald Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nicole DeBlase with Morgan Stanley.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes, good morning, guys. Nice quarter.
Ronald Armstrong: Thank you.
Nicole DeBlase: So my question is around pricing in Europe. I think that this has alluded a little bit earlier in the call. But can you discuss what you’re seeing? Are you seeing competitors get a bit more aggressive with pricing since volume is starting to pick up there?
Ronald Armstrong: No, I don’t. I don’t see aggressiveness in pricing, and we see pretty consistent pricing with what we’ve been seeing. And the level of market demand will sort of dictate how things will progress in the pricing side, or progress through the rest of this year. So right now, I would say, it’s pretty steady.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay, got it. And then just going back to the oil and gas issue, we talked about this on the last call, but I’m just curious if you heard any changes, any oil and gas customers that are cutting back on their spend for the year. Anything anecdotally you’ve heard there?
Ronald Armstrong: No there is nothing significant what we talked about before. I think oil and gas - for oil and gas exploration and production related items, we’ll probably be lower this year, but that’s offset by other things other segments of the market. So I think it will be a pretty nominal impact.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay, thanks. Well, I pass it on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Volkmann with Jefferies.
Stephen Volkmann: Hi, good morning. Just a couple of quick clarification, as you said the production of 5% to 7% sequentially, which will be up more, U.S. or Europe?
Ronald Armstrong: It’s going to be pretty even across the Board in terms of Europe and North America.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay, thanks for that. And then I’m just curious about just your view and I’ll take opinion here rather than fact, if you like, but I’m curious what you think of the North American cycle, obviously there’s a lot of debate there. We do see a little bit weaker Class 8 order number recently and then and alluded to the cancellations thing up a little bit. Is that your view that this is kind of a peak of a cycle, or do you think there’s enough demand drivers whatever you might want to list that that could keep this cycle going sort of a couple more years?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, the economy is good. And as long as the economy continues at good growth pace, I think there will be the need for the movement of goods and that will create demand for freight, and the freight numbers continue to be at or near record levels. So I think as long as that continues and trucks are operating at 90% plus utilization that we’ll see a reasonably good demand for trucks in the foreseeable future.
Stephen Volkmann: Thanks very much.
Ronald Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook: Hi. Good morning and congrats on a nice quarter.
Ronald Armstrong: Thank you.
Jamie Cook: I guess just two questions. One, can you talk about your markets, your opportunity in the U.S. for the sort of back half of the, or I guess, the remaining eight months of the year. One of your peers is out of capacity, your other peer, people are reluctant to buy truck from. So should we, I mean, is it a - do you think as we look at 2015, PACCAR’s ability to gain share is probably above what you know it is historically just because of the dynamic of the market? My second question, can you sort of talk about what’s your lead times are? And then I guess, the other question is just given the - I guess, your approach to managing this cycle, would you rather extend your backlogs at some point you get some visibility into latter half of the year into 2016, or take production up and gain share? Thanks.
Ronald Armstrong: Okay. So from a market share standpoint, obviously we’re very focused on growing the profitable market share that we can achieve in the market. And we have great products full lineup with the combination of the 2.1 meter cab, the other products that we offer in the - on highway, off-highway. So we have a great product lineup and we’re looking to grow our share and continue to move that forward. Lead times are very normal. Customers can get a truck within a reasonable window of time. And so we’re very comfortable with where we’re at lead times and you have good prospects backlog for the second-half of the year. And then going into 2016, we’re - that we’re very vigilant in monitoring orders. Orders come from customers. When they need a truck, we’ll slot it in the backlog, and so we built based on the orders that we have. And so that’s been our approach for 110 years, and that will continue to be our approach as we go forward.
Jamie Cook: I guess, just one follow-up question, the margin performance and the incremental margins in the quarter were obviously they exceeded my expectations. You guys did a great job. I mean, historically, you play down your ability to achieve sort of prior peak margins. I mean, did this quarter surprise you? How do you think about your ability to get back to prior peak based on the performance you had this quarter and just the overall strength you’re seeing in sort of the US and Europe?
Ronald Armstrong: So the prior peak obviously benefited from a very extended backlogs both in North America and Europe. The markets today are still - if you look at Europe, they’re probably 20% to 25% below what they were in 2006-2007 timeframe and here in the North America they’re 10% to 15% below those levels. So yes, we still haven’t gotten to those kinds of levels and so margins are excellent and the operational efficiency that we’re able to achieve with our factories has been outstanding and the stability of our build rates is serving us well. So we’ll continue to focus on, continue to move the needle forward and achieving the best operating margins that we can for our shareholders.
Jamie Cook: Alrighty, thanks. I’ll get back in queue.
Ronald Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weber with RBC.
Emily Mclaughlin: Good morning. This is Emily Mclaughlin on for Seth. Just a couple of questions, given your production guidance for 2Q, can you comment on the growth mix by heavy-duty versus medium-duty within the regions?
Ronald Armstrong: I think it will be similar. We’ll see growth in both the medium-duty and heavy-duty in the quarter probably of comparable amounts.
Emily Mclaughlin: Okay. And then with build rates ticking up as the supply chain continues to meet OEM needs are there any bottlenecks there at this point?
Ronald Armstrong: Supply chain has done just a marvelous job of supporting the ramp-up activities. And the first quarter was very smooth and so the supply base I think is well-positioned to support the industry at this and even potentially higher levels.
Emily Mclaughlin: Okay. And then one more if I may. Can you just speak to what’s going on in the individual countries in Europe, what you’re expecting for the rest of the year there?
Ronald Armstrong: Well, I mean, the UK is our largest market and mentioned in my comments the GDP growth in the UK is very good. And just had the NEC show in Birmingham last week, where DAF was well represented and lots of positive feedback from customers in the UK. We talked about Germany where the trade activity in Germany in the month of March was at the highest level since they have been tracking the mouth [ph] toll statistics, so German freight activity is good. Some of the southern countries Spain and Italy, they really had a very challenging situation with the crisis and in the ensuing couple years but we’re starting to see some rebounds between Italy, Spain and Portugal. So that’s moving forward as well. So the mood in Europe is generally positive as it’s been in a couple years.
Emily Mclaughlin: That’s great. Thanks very much.
Ronald Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David Leiker with Robert W. Baird.
Joseph Vruwink: Hi, good afternoon. This is Joe Vruwink for David.
Ronald Armstrong: Good morning, Joe.
Joseph Vruwink: When you see high-end brands like Scania and DAF gaining market share at the high-end of the market, what’s your general interpretation of that sort of trend going on in Europe, particularly in the sense that normally if you see the premium brands gaining share, that’s a pretty good indication of kind of underlying health in the marketplace?
Ronald Armstrong: I think it’s a focus on value and in operating efficiency. And DAF really focuses on lowest total operating cost providing a great fuel-efficiency with the PACCAR MX engines, both the MX-11 and the MX-13. The Euro 6 products have performed excellently in the market. So now that we’re past the Euro 5 transition period, the DAF products are standing tall in the market and very well received by our customers from a value and operational efficiency perspective.
Joseph Vruwink: So there was a question earlier on pricing competition that may or may not be occurring in Europe. Just from your vantage point it may very well be occurring but the customers you’re targeting probably aren’t forcing that issue with you.
Ronald Armstrong: No, it’s a very competitive market. And it’s still at 220,000 to 250,000 trucks. It’s still 30% below the peak level. So there’s a lot of competition to gain customers. But our products and our services stand tall in the marketplace.
Joseph Vruwink: And then one last one, I missed the comment earlier on the strength and parts margins. Are we finally beginning to see more of an impact from PACCAR specific engine parts show up in the mix of the segment, is that what’s happening?
Ronald Armstrong: Yeah, so obviously the PACCAR engines have been in Europe for many years and so that’s always been there. And we’re seeing the growth of the PACCAR MX engine at the end of last year. We had 75,000 engines in the market and that will continue to grow again this year. So as time goes on we’ll continue to see that benefit, more and more parts sales supporting PACCAR engines.
Joseph Vruwink: Okay. Great. I’ll leave it there. Thank you.
Ronald Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer with Vertical Research.
Robert Wertheimer: Hi, good morning.
Ronald Armstrong: Good morning, Rob.
Robert Wertheimer: I wonder, I mean, I had a smaller impact on the transactional offset from currency. I wonder if you can give an overview. I mean, I know you had started assembly of engines here. Then you sort of moved more integrated. I mean, there’s obviously a bunch of more that I’m not thinking of that you’re sending, I guess, from Europe to U.S. I mean, if you could just outline generally what that stuff is?
Ronald Armstrong: Well, we’re buying blocks and heads, and a lot of components for our plant in Columbus from European suppliers. So a good portion of the material content comes from Europe.
Robert Wertheimer: Perfect, that I figure, is there much outside of engines or no?
Ronald Armstrong: No, that is primarily engine component.
Robert Wertheimer: Okay. I’ll follow-up that offline. Thank you.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, thanks, Rob.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Raso with Evercore ISI.
David Raso: Yes, my question is related to currency. I mean, the operational improvement was solid for the quarter, but isn’t that currency did help your margins by 60 bps? So somewhat related to the last question that should also be a help to 2Q as well, but can you explain in a little more detail if you could how currency, obviously negative 7% or so for the quarter can still be neutral on EBIT, because the 60 bps help to the quarter is obviously something that helped the quarter. It should have happened for 2Q, maybe even 3Q. But once the currency situation flattens out I’m just trying to manage the expectations here a little bit on the margin performance what’s really operational versus just currency.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, most of the effects are operational. I mean, we had - I guess, I mentioned on the profit side the translation effects on our pretax income were largely offset by the effects of the natural hedge that we have with the purchase of components. I don’t know that the 60 basis points, they don’t recognize that number. So but…
David Raso: Well, just to be clear, maybe clarify if I heard incorrectly. $281 million revenue helped to truck and other, correct?
Ronald Armstrong: No, that was a…
Unidentified Company Representative: A decline.
Ronald Armstrong: …a decline.
Unidentified Company Representative: A decline.
David Raso: Well, I mean, helped meaning you take away the revenue.
Ronald Armstrong: Sure.
David Raso: But there is no impact on the EBIT. That’s 60 bps help to the margins.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, it’s - yes, okay.
David Raso: And that should help 2Q as well and 3Q, but just want to think about the cadence of the gross margin guidance. It is 14 then up a little bit, but then only for the year it seems like the second-half is not sequentially improving. Is that partly it, you lose some of the currency help to margin, is that the way to think about it?
Ronald Armstrong: No, as we mentioned for the second quarter, yes, we will see some slight improvement with the higher volumes, the currency impact, assuming a constant currency as were at now we’ll see a similar benefit in the second quarter.
David Raso: But then the second-half diminishes a little bit and that’s why - I’m just trying to manage expectations little bit on, it’s not gross margins that’s going up 14.5, then 14.9 in the back-half, and then to 16. Just being sensitive to the currency is helping the gross margin right now - the operating margin as well.
Ronald Armstrong: It benefitted in the first quarter and we’ll see that benefit, again assuming that consistent with the current the translation rates we’ll see that benefit in the second quarter as well.
David Raso: All right, that’s great. I just wanted to clarify that. Thank you so much. Bye-bye.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, sure. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Potter with Piper Jaffray.
Alexander Potter: Hi guys, one housekeeping question here. Could we get the deliveries by region, so Europe, U.S., Canada, and other?
Ronald Armstrong: Sure. U.S. deliveries were 21,400 in 2015 and compared to 16,100 last year. Canada was 3,000 compared to 2,500. Europe was 10,100 compared and 9,300. And Mexico, Australia and other was 3,800 compared to 3,900 last year.
Alexander Potter: Okay, excellent. And then, I guess, one last question on pricing. You mentioned that in Europe obviously the trajectory of pricing is going to be dependent upon the strength of the market that competitive position where ultimately it comes down to volume. In North America we’re obviously seeing very strong volume typically speaking that, I should imply that the OEMs have good pricing pressure, but we haven’t necessarily seen a big uptick in pricing. I was just wondering if you can comment on what exactly it is you think is going on there. Thanks.
Ronald Armstrong: Well, I think, again it’s a very competitive market and each transaction is negotiated with the customer and the dealer. And so you reflect what the market conditions are, and so we have great products and get the premium value for what we sell and so that’s evidenced by the fact that our operating margins when compared and looked at the competition are the highest in the industry. So you were proud of our product and we’ll look to continue to grow our share profitably.
Alexander Potter: Okay, thank you.
Ronald Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neil Frohnapple with Longbow Research.
Neil Frohnapple: Hi, good morning. A quick question regarding used truck price in North America, what are you seeing in the market? Are you seeing any signs of softening with greater supply coming into the market?
Ronald Armstrong: I’d say that the prices are certainly aren’t going up. They’re stable compared to where they were a year ago. There are more trucks, but there’s also a bit more demand so pricing is very stable. And we see the similar thing in Europe. Prices in Europe were reasonably stable, compared to where they were at this time last year.
Neil Frohnapple: All right, and then can you provide any more color on what you’re seeing in the medium-duty market in North America, and your outlook for that business this year relative to heavy-duty?
Ronald Armstrong: So, I think last year, the medium 6 tonne to 7 tonne market was in the 73,000 truck range and we think to 70,000 to 80,000 trucks is a reasonable range for that market for this year. So market is started off with good demand. We’ve been able to increase our production of the Peterbilt and Kenworth medium-duty trucks for the North American market and so we’re…
Neil Frohnapple: Great. And then just one last one, can you provide the MX penetration rate in the U.S. and Canada in Q1? And as follow-up, any way to quantify the percentage in your current order board and just curious if you’re on track to get in the 40% range for the full-year outlook like you guys have outlined at Mid-America? Thank you.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, so the first quarter was about 37% for MX and 40% is very reasonable target for this year.
Neil Frohnapple: Great. Thanks very much.
Ronald Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ted Grace with Susquehanna.
Ted Grace: Good morning, gentlemen.
Ronald Armstrong: Good morning, Ted.
Ted Grace: I was hoping to circle back the parts. Could you just comment how each region performed kind of U.S., Europe? And I just want to confirm, did you say that FX was a $49 million headwind to parts overall?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. It was, $49 million is the effect. So both North America and Europe performed very well in the parts business and so the effects of currency is primarily the effect of the euro.
Ted Grace: So for organically Europe more like 10%. Could you just maybe give us…
Ronald Armstrong: So if you add back the exchange rate effect, that’s roughly where the growth would have been in 10% range.
Ted Grace: Yes, yes, exactly. Could you just give us a sense for what U.S., what it done versus Europe in the context of that 10%?
Ronald Armstrong: So U.S., North America would be slightly above the 10% and Europe would be slightly below.
Ted Grace: Okay, okay. And then the other thing I just wanted to ask you, Ron, if you take out your long-term crystal ball and you think about PACCAR’s vertical integration looking up five or 10 years, how would you kind of frame what PACCAR will look like on that basis, looking that far out?
Ronald Armstrong: I mean that’s - we’ve got an excellent business model that serves us well, we obviously a little bit more vertical integration in Europe, where we make axles, we buy axels in North America. So we have the flexibility. And from time to time, we will evaluate what level of vertical integration makes sense for our company but I think we are very comfortable with where we are at currently and I don’t see any major revisions to how we manage that and positioned ourselves in the marketplace in the near future.
Ted Grace: In the near future, but I mean is there potential to see some type of step function improvement looking out 5 years or 10 years, or is that the wrong way to think about the business?
Ronald Armstrong: Anything can happen, but I would say at this point we’re pretty comfortable with the structure as we have it today.
Ted Grace: Got it, okay. Well, congratulations again and best of luck this quarter, guys.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Reena Krishnan: Hi, good morning. This is…
Ronald Armstrong: Good morning, Scott.
Reena Krishnan: Hi, good morning. This is actually Reena Krishnan sitting in for Scott Group.
Ronald Armstrong: Okay.
Reena Krishnan: So most of our questions have been answered. Maybe just a follow up on that question related to vertical integration, I guess, you guys mentioned you’re comfortable where things are. Does that mean you haven’t thought about maybe looking at where you could be with the medium-duty market in terms of more vertical integration? Or is it just something you don’t want to talk about at this moment, if you guys feel comfortable just giving some color there?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, I think we’ve got great medium-duty products, but obviously out over the years we continue to invest in all of our products and we will continue to make enhancements to heavy-duty, medium-duty engines, components, work closely with our major suppliers around the world to provide us customized products that integrate with our componentry to provide outstanding operating solution for our customers. And so I think we’ll continue to have an ongoing investment program that will continue to move the needle forward for us.
Reena Krishnan: Okay and then just one last follow-up related to fleet expansion. Could you guys maybe give us some color in terms of what you are hearing from your fleets as it relates to fleet expansion this year versus last year? Would you say it’s at a similar level or is it accelerating, again just in the context of where the driver situation is and where capacity could probably be for the industry?
Ronald Armstrong: In think it’s a similar state of affairs for our customers that they are all making very good of profits in their business reinvesting in new trucks and expanding their fleet I think both strategically and tactically. So, this is really just the second year where we’ve had expansion after five or six years of below replacement level demand. So I think our customers are enjoying good rates, good profitability and thinking about their business expansion plans in a pretty aggressive way.
Reena Krishnan: Okay, great. Thank you for your time.
Ronald Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Shlisky with Global Hunter Securities.
Mike Shlisky: Good morning.
Ronald Armstrong: Good morning.
Mike Shlisky: You had mentioned in your release that your key plants are producing at record levels and it sounds like you’ll have probably another record coming up here in Q2. Is there a way you can kind of quantify for us just how close you are in your max levels and are there any break-points where you had that additional shifts which may impact margins above a certain volume level going forward?
Ronald Armstrong: We’re in great position capacity-wise. We have lots of capacity to support higher production levels in North America, Europe and around the world, so were in great shape capacity-wise.
Mike Shlisky: Great, thanks. And just to kind of follow up on that, could you maybe just tell us a little bit about are you constrained at all with your people at your facilities? Are they at some point maxed out, where you’re going to have to hire some additional folks who might be less experienced to handle additional volumes?
Ronald Armstrong: As we go up in volumes, we have provided great opportunities for people that live and work around our factories. We are a great employer. We have a great working environment, and so when we solicit applications for people to join our company, we always get many more than the number of openings. So filling open positions for our factories is something that obviously takes time and effort and a lot of focus to get the right people, but lots of supply to support the demand that we have.
Mike Shlisky: Super. Great quarter. I appreciate you guys.
Ronald Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Feniger with Bank of America.
Michael Feniger: Hey, guys, this is Mike, just filling in for Ross Gilardi. Just a quick question, the U.S. market has been on a gradual upward trajectory, orders have been strong in Q4. They’re trying to - they came back a little bit in March. What’s your view, the biggest risk to get to the bottom end of your forecast?
Ronald Armstrong: It would be the economy. I mean, if the economy softens substantially in the second quarter, things don’t progresses as economists project. That clearly is the thing that has the biggest impact on our business. So the economy is good. I think you will continue to see good demand. When you look at the products that we continue to enhance, you’ve got connected truck capability. You’ve got the predictive cruise control capability for our products. And so, the attractiveness in the operating benefits that customers can get with current products that we will be introducing into the market in the second-half are very attractive propositions for them.
Michael Feniger: Thanks, guys.
Ronald Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] There are no other questions in the queue at this point. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Ronald Armstrong: I would like to thank everyone for their excellent questions and thank you operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR’s earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-30 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Hastings - Director, Investor Relations Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer Robert J. Christensen - President and Chief Financial Officer Michael T. Barkley - Vice President, Controller
Analysts: Ronald E. Armstrong - Deutsche Bank Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank Timothy W. Thein - Citigroup Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital Inc. Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co. Jerry Revich - Goldman , Sachs & Co.  Joel G. Tiss - BMO Capital Markets Joseph D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co. Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners LLC, David Raso - ISI Group Neil Frohnapple - Longbow Research  Reena Krishnan - Wolfe Research, LLC.  Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Alexander Potter - Piper Jaffray Michael Shlisky - Global Hunter Securities Kwame Webb - Morningstar  Martin Pollack - NWQ Investment Management Company, LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR’s Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today’s call is being recorded; and if anyone has any objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR’s Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR’s Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Ron Armstrong, Chief Executive Officer; Bob Christensen, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Barkley, Vice President, Controller. As with prior conference calls, if there are members of the media on the line, we ask that they participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Ron Armstrong.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Good morning. I am pleased to share that 2014 was an excellent year for PACCAR with many records expanded product and service offerings and investments that provide the foundation for future growth. PACCAR achieved record revenues of $18.9 billion in 2014. Net income was $1.36 billion and increase of 16% versus a year ago and the Company’s second best annual profit in history. 2014 was PACCAR’s 76th consecutive year of earning a net income. These excellent results reflect the strongest North America heavy truck market retail sales since 2006. In addition, PACCAR parts and PACCAR Financial Services earned record pretax income. PACCAR celebrated several important milestones last year including Peterbilt's 75th anniversary. The delivery of Kenworth's one millions truck and the production of the one million DAF's cab in our Westerlo, Belgium factory. More good news this week Kenworth’s new vocational truck the T880 truck, equipped with the PACCAR MX-13 engine, earned "2015 Truck of the Year" from the American Truck Dealers. I am very proud of our 23,300 employees who deliver industry leading products and services to our customers everyday. PACCAR’s fourth quarter sales and financial services revenues were quarterly record $5.1 billion and quarterly net income was $394 million. Net income increased 18% compared to the results generated in the fourth quarter last year. The positive contribution of all company segment enables PACCAR to obtain the highest operating margins in our industry and to deliver excellent shareholder returns. PACCAR declared cash dividends of $1.86 per share last year, a 9% increase compared to 2013. PACCAR’s total return to shareholders was 18.3% last year. Stockholders equity at year end was a record $6.75 billion. And during 2014, PACCAR repurchase 731,000 shares of stock for $42.7 million. PACCAR delivered 40,100 trucks during the fourth quarter, a 7% increase versus the third quarter. Vehicle deliveries in the first quarter this year will be 15% to 18% higher than the first quarter last year reflecting increased production in the U.S. and Canada. Truck and other margins are forecast to be 1% to 1.5% better than last years first quarter. Peterbilt and Kenworth achieved excellent market share of 27.9% in the U.S. and Canadian heady-duty truck market in 2014. Retail sales totaled 250,000 units for the year. U.S. and Canadian Class 8 industry retail sales are estimated to increase to a range of 250,000 to 280,000 units this year driven by ongoing replacement demand and further fleet expansion which reflects continued economic growth. If recent order trends continue retail sales would be towards the higher end of the range. DAF achieved a share of 13.8% in the European above 16-tonne truck market, which totaled 227,000 units last year. Looking at this year, we anticipate the European above 16-tonne truck market will be in a range of 200,000 to 240,000 vehicles. It is encouraging that the growth rate of the UK economy which is DAF’s largest market is expected to grow by more than 2% this year. Lower diesel prices, low interest rates and other economic stimulus measures could improve European truck market conditions during the year. PACCAR parts generated strong quarterly revenues of $789 million and 8% increase compared to the same quarter of the prior year. PACCAR parts quarterly pretax income was $130 million, an increase of 24% compared to the fourth quarter of 2013. The excellent results were driven by strong freight tonnage, high fleet utilization and the many innovative products and services offered by PACCAR parts. For the full-year PACCAR parts achieved record revenues of $3.1 billion and record pretax income of $497 million. PACCAR Financial Services revenues were $302 million in the fourth quarter slightly higher than a year ago. PACCAR Financial Services fourth quarter pretax income was $96 million compared to $90 million earned last year. PACCAR Financial Services revenues were $302 million in the fourth quarter slightly higher than a year ago. PACCAR Financial Services fourth quarter pretax incomes $96 compared to $90 million earned last year. The excellent results benefited from growth and asset balances and continuing strong portfolio performance. For the full-year PACCAR Financial Services earned record pretax income of $370 million. PACCAR’s capital spending of $300 million to $350 million this year will expand Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF product offerings enhance the PACCAR engine range and increase the operating efficiency and capacity of our factories and distribution centers. Research and development expenses are estimated to be in a range of $220 million to $260 million. As the company begins its 110th year we are in an excellent to growth with industry leading products and services. Thank you. I’ll be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Patrick Nolan with Deutsche Bank.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Good morning, Patrick.
Patrick Nolan: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I actually had two questions. Could you give us some color on what you would expect -- thanks for the color on Q1 -- but what you would expect for full-year margins to do year over year?
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think for the full-year or current thought is that margins would be up a bit over the 2014 level target 50 basis points.
Patrick Nolan: That's very helpful. And can you expand on what you're seeing as far as raw material costs? What kind of benefit you think that could be in 2015?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, again we have a long-term agreements with almost all of our suppliers which manage the ups and downs of material cost movement so I suspect you know we will get some benefit but it will be muted because of the long-term arrangement.
Patrick Nolan: That's very helpful. I'll get back in the queue. Thank you very much.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher with UBS.
Steven Fisher: Great thanks. Good morning.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Good morning.
Steven Fisher: Great, thanks, good morning. Clearly there's a big pickup in the industry orders trends in the latter part of 2014. I'm just curious to what extent your order patterns were consistent with that trend as well and do you expect to see a pause in orders before the next reload and how long that pause might be?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Peterbilt and Kenworth’s order intake in the fourth quarter was excellent, very consistent with industry order levels and as I said if the order trends continue we will see retail sales at the higher end of our range, but I don’t think they will continue at the 123,000 order level which was the fourth quarter level, but they just cant continue that pace.
Steven Fisher: Okay and then can you just talk a little bit about how the slowdown in oil activity is affecting your business and kind of when assuming current conditions hold when you might see sort of the worst of the impact on it.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I guess our assessment of the impact of the lower oil prices is a positive for the U.S. economy and that will create additional consumer spending and consumer demand which I think will benefit freight volumes and be a positive for the industry.
Steven Fisher: Okay, thank you very much.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Thein with Citigroup.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Good morning Tim.
Timothy W. Thein: Thank you good morning and good luck to your team there on Sunday.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Thank you.
Timothy W. Thein: So just first one Ron on pricing, truck pricing in North America. It looks like through the first nine months of the year that the realized pricing in U.S. and Canada was just under 2% and I’m sure there is all kinds of other things that get include in that or don’t that make it maybe a little bit less straightforward, but if we just use that call it 2% pricing for 2014 what would your expectations be for 2015 given that you enter with higher backlog and given your outlook for the markets overall.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well I don’t know exactly how you get the 2%, but obviously we're participating in a competitive marketplace and we have great products, the performance of the new Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF products around the world has been excellent and we expect to be able to earn a very fair price and I just think pricing will continue to see levels that have been consistent with what we’ve seen in 2014.
Timothy W. Thein: Okay got it and just your expectation is marginal increase, but on the back of the higher retail sales forecast for North America, are you still thinking about for parts growth in 2014 still in that kind of 4% to 7% range, is that still your expectation here for 2015?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes I think something in that range in terms of parts deliveries will be something in that range for sure.
Timothy W. Thein: Okay, and just last one for me, Ron, just on Western Europe from a used perspective, used truck perspective, what if any impact are your dealers seeing just given the more difficult environment in Eastern Europe especially Russia? In the past it's been a pretty important outlet for used trucks. Has that led to any kind of backup in Western Europe?
Ronald E. Armstrong: No, used truck inventory levels are pretty normal I think just the volume of activity is probably dampening a little bit, but not anything of major consequence at all.
Timothy W. Thein: All right. Good, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nicole DeBlase with Morgan Stanley.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes, good morning guys.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Good morning.
Nicole DeBlase: So my first question is on R&D. I'm just curious what caused you to take up the midpoint R&D guidance by 7% and the 11% growth that you're projecting year on year. Are there any key projects there that we need to be thinking about?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Just continue to invest obviously throughout all phases of the business cycle, continue to expand the Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF model offering as well as continue to invest in, our engine platforms will be launching the MX-11 in North America in the beginning of 2016 and preparing for the transition to greenhouse gas machines requirements in 2017, so that’s the bulk of where our spending is.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay, understood, thanks. And then my second question is just around build rates. Given the continued industry order strength we've seen, do you guys have plans to increase your build rates further in 2015?
Ronald E. Armstrong: The order rates continue I think there will be some potential for us to further increase our build rates as we go through the year.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay. Great, thanks I’ll pass it on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Volkmann with Jefferies.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Good morning, Steve.
Stephen E. Volkmann: Hi, good morning guys, thanks for taking the questions especially since it's coming today from Massachusetts. So don't hold that against me. But I may not wish you good luck on the weekend but certainly good luck with the business. I'm wondering if I could just follow-up a little bit - you talked about the energy cost declines or price declines being ultimately good for the economy. I'm just trying to figure out the other side of that equation because there's obviously a thesis out there that a fair amount of the truck strength in recent quarters has been driven by capacity increases in the energy segments and transportation of oil and gas and so forth. I'm just curious - I know nobody has to check a box to tell you what they are going to use the truck for when they buy it but you probably have a better sense than we do about how much has been actually going into those end markets and could be at risk going forward?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes, I think about 10% or less of our volume is related to oil and gas. The oil and gas industry and that includes a lot of elements of that industry. So I think it, for sure, if oil prices stay at the levels exploration and production will be at lower activity levels and truck that are participate in that portion of the oil and gas segment. We’ll have fewer orders, but that’s a very small portion of what we do.
Stephen E. Volkmann: Okay, have you seen any of that in your discussions with clients yet? Are you seeing any orders canceled or anything like that?
Ronald E. Armstrong: No, it has been and remains pretty constant, year-on-year.
Stephen E. Volkmann: Okay, great, that’s helpful. And then how far out are you booking now, and somebody wants to come you with new orders, or how far out as the backlog. How far out of the delivery times.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, I think we have a very healthy backlog and so probably look at second quarter.
Stephen E. Volkmann: Okay, great. Thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook with Crédit Suisse.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Good morning, Jamie.
Operator: Jamie, if you’re on mute. Please unmute your line.
Jamie Cook: Hello.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Hello.
Jamie Cook: Can you hear me?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes, we can.
Jamie Cook: We’re back. Sorry, we’re back, sorry I don’t know what happened there.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Good morning.
Jamie Cook: Sorry about that. I guess just a couple of questions. There's a lot of questions out there in terms of where the US truck cycle is relative to peak. What is your view on what inning of the ballgame we're in there? And then my second question just within Europe, can you talk about your ability or how we should think about your ability to pass through emissions Euro 6 over there this year and if that's a negative to margins? Thanks.
Ronald E. Armstrong: With respect to Europe pricing is stable and trucks are Euro 6 truck are performing excellently in the market lot of very positive feedback from the customers on the excellent reliability of the DAF product as well as the full efficiency. And they’ve been DAF just recently introduced some additional announcements with Predictive Cruise Control and Predictive shifting that further enhanced fuel efficiency. So I think that will be a positive aspect of demand for DAF trucks in 2015. With respect to the peak we don’t have the ability to forecast that obviously the market has been improving over the last 15, 18 months and as long as the economy continues to grow. The freight demand is there - there will be demand for the excellent Kenworth and Peterbilt products and you know they continue to expand there model offerings to further enhance transition to the new cabs. So you know that the we can just continue to pure play is the market as the economy progresses.
Jamie Cook: And sorry just a follow-up in response to I think Steve Fisher's question, I think he asked about orders, the recent strength in orders and I think you made a comment that PACCAR had pretty good share. But I think there's some concern out there that the orders over the past three months were inflated by in particular one OEM. So can you comment on that or what would -- what do you think the reason why -- I know you don't view it as sustainable but why would orders be that strong for a three-month period if there wasn't anything funky in the order trends?
Ronald E. Armstrong: I can’t comment on what the other OEM orders and take is all I can’t says Peterbilt and Kenworth orders we’re very strong and consistent with overall industry trends and so in great position to continue to take advantage of the strong freight in the demand for our great products.
Jamie Cook: All right. Thanks. I'll get back in queue.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weber with RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber: Hey good morning guys.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Good morning Seth.
Seth Weber: Hey, good morning guys. I'm just wondering given the strength in orders and the volumes, can you talk about whether you're seeing any stress points in the supply chain at this point?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Suppliers continue to perform excellently and because that the ramp is really occurred over 15 month to 18 month they have been able to adjust and adopt their capabilities to fit our needs and so we see that continuing for the foreseeable future.
Seth Weber: Okay, thanks. And then I guess within your backlog, can you comment are you seeing any evidence of the smaller owner-operators getting back into the market? I know that you've talked about that market not definitionally being different this cycle versus prior but are you seeing any come back from the smaller operators?
Ronald E. Armstrong: I would say that the order volume that we’ve experience over the last several quarters has been broadly based and includes demand not just from large fleets but also from the vocational segment as well as some of the smaller size fleets in the market so it’s more or less a broad based order book that we have.
Seth Weber: Okay, thank you very much.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Casey with Wells Fargo.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Good morning Andy.
Andrew M. Casey: Hey good morning everybody. And I’ll send a reluctant Boston base good luck to you this weekend also. So first I didn’t hear the margin comment very clearly. Was that specific to gross margin?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes.
Andrew M. Casey : Okay thanks.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes.
Andrew M. Casey : And then in North America and just we’ve seen these cycles before and you know at some point pricing goes up, you are kind of suggesting modest price increase potential, what do you think has to happen in the market to enable more aggressive pricing potential?
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think the pricing is reasonable given the market conditions, I don’t see major movements, I think the length of the backlog is clearly a factor in how price reacts in the market and I would say backlogs were in good share at this point. We don’t see any major adjustment in those levels as we go forward.
Andrew M. Casey : Okay, thanks and then if we can go over to the EU from what we can see freight seems to be stable to slowly improving, is that translating into any order improvement and how specifically did orders trend in Q4 versus last year if you could share that.
Ronald E. Armstrong: The orders are pretty consistent as we look at the quarters over 2014, orders are pretty stable and I think as we talked about with the lower fuel prices historically low interest rates, some of the stimulus measures that could have a benefit for orders as we progress through the year obviously the situation in Russia has impacted demand for that market, but its trending positively and we will see how the year progresses, but I think there are some positive things that could impact it.
Andrew M. Casey : Okay thank you on that and then lastly if I look at the share buyback activity there wasn’t a whole lot in 2014, could you help us understand how you are thinking about the potential for the upcoming year?
Ronald E. Armstrong: As we just have a long-term view of periodically buying back shares and we will continue to take that perspective and buy shares as we feel its appropriate in the marketplaces we’ve progress into 2015.
Andrew M. Casey : Okay thank you very much.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi with Bank of America.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Good morning, Ross.
Ross Gilardi: Yes, good morning. Thanks, Ron. Just a couple of questions maybe a little bit more on Europe. If you could just talk a little bit about what you are seeing in different countries and clearly the overall market is still pretty soft. Europe has been weak for many years now. I'm curious where you think we are in fleet age in Europe and if we do get a little bit of a pickup in the European economy do you see any realistic prospects for a decent replacement cycle kicking in the next several years?
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think that’s a good observation Ross there are lots of trucks that were put in the market in the 2006, 2007, 2008 timeframe and while it’s difficult to find somebody who has an independent measure of that I think the age of the fleet is extending in Europe and so with some good healthy demand, positive demand that could trigger a healthier replacement activity.
Ross Gilardi: And then could you just talk a little bit more about what you're seeing across the continent?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, I think again as I mentioned Russia the impact there that’s - we’ll see how that develops during the course of the year. UK for us which is our largest market impacted by the pre-buy in 2014, but with the good economy we are off to a good start in the UK with our DAF business and Northern Europe as you mentioned or somebody else mentioned the freight activity is up year-over-year as we look at the activity through Germany and it’s up 2% to 3% for the year last year and continue to show increases in the fourth quarter. So there is a lot of good elements that are present and I think if things can develop to take some of the uncertainty away about how the future might react I think the European potential for upturn is there.
Ross Gilardi: Okay, thanks Ron. And then I don't know if you can comment on this or not but I'll try anyway. On the competition investigation, I know you can't say anything on the dollar amount or speculate on that but can you give us any sense as your best guess on timing as to when you might be able to provide an estimate? Because obviously several of your competitors have already taken a stab at that?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes, we included an update in the press release on our valuation of the European commission and I don’t just don’t have anything else to add at this point.
Ross Gilardi: Got it. Okay, thanks very much.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Kaplowitz with Barclays.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Good morning, guys.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Good morning, Andy. 
Andrew Kaplowitz: Ron, so can you maybe walk us around the world outside of the US in Europe? Your other truck markets have continued to improve after maybe a tough time a year or so ago. So maybe talk to us about Australia, Mexico, these other markets because they do seem like they're getting better.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Australia is great, market for Kenworth and DAF. We have about a 25% share that market continue to be the market leader. So we are optimistic about our opportunities in that area. The Europe, Australian economies have been impacted obviously by the mining activity and some downturn there. But we think again this in long-term, we are in great shape in Australia. Mexico again we are market leader there, with over 40% share of that heavy-duty market. And we’ll continue to see I think as the year progresses, Mexican economies closely tied with the US economy and so. We expect to see them benefit for some of the activity that’s going on in the US, so upside there. And so we talked about Europe, and Brazil is, so early days for us and we continue our study progress and dealers continue to finish their facilities and begin operations out of their permanent facility. So that the progression of our efforts in South America continue as well.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Okay, that's helpful and Ron, if I could look back at the fourth quarter again, you had guided to I think 5% to 7% up in deliveries. It looks like your truck revenue was up about 5% and the December build was down. It was very strange in the industry. It was probably because of the weird holiday weeks. But it does seem like the industry is being pretty careful with increasing build rates. So maybe you can just comment on PACCAR specifically. Is that sort of the case was build what you thought it would be? Did the holidays mess things up more than you thought? Like any color there?
Ronald E. Armstrong: It was right. We built exactly what we had planned to build when we talked in the last call, we talked about 5% to 7% increase in production. And we were increased at 7% in terms of trucks produced. There was some offset with the effective foreign currency movement in the quarter. But that’s we’re right inline and as I mentioned we will see strong production increase in the first quarter of this compared to the first quarter of last year, in the tune of 15% to 18%.
Andrew Kaplowitz: And how should we think about currency for you guys in 2015 in terms of impact on the business?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Clearly, when we operate in lot of countries around the world in the translation of those foreign currencies into U.S. dollar, impacts revenue and profit numbers but we do have an offset we purchase a fair amount of components from European suppliers that we are using our U.S. products. So there is a bit of natural hedge there.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Okay. Thanks, Ron.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with JP Morgan.
Ann P. Duignan : Hi, guys.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Good morning, Ann.
Ann P. Duignan : I was going to say what's going on this weekend that I don't know about and then I thought oh yes, there is a big football game.
Ronald E. Armstrong: It will be exciting.
Ann P. Duignan : I guess. I wanted to follow-up on the last question. Your European share was down to 13.8% from 16.2% in 2013. And I wanted to just address that in terms of is that because UK is your largest market and the UK was messed up because of the emissions changes and also how do we think about the competitiveness of the UK business since you produce in the UK but you sell in euros and is that a competitive disadvantage over there?
Ronald E. Armstrong: So the effect - the market share DAF was at 15% in the second half of the year, the year was really effected by as you mentioned the pre-buy and the transition rules that excited in our two largest markets which is the Netherlands and the UK. So that impacted off share we expect this year that we are going to return back to our 2013 share levels and so in the UK economy as I mentioned is one of the stronger economies in the region. So again we are off to good start there and expect to have a good year in the UK.
Ann P. Duignan : Okay and then competitiveness, the products you build in UK but sell in euros is there any…
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, we built trucks on the continent that get sold into the UK we built truck in the UK that go to the continent and again we have a pretty natural offsetting effect of those trucks in the movements back in forth.
Ann P. Duignan : Okay, thank you. That's helpful to understand.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Sure.
Ann P. Duignan : I just wanted to also ask about -- you talked about less than 10% of your business being exposed to oil and gas and you said broadly oil and gas. Do you include things like the Canadian oil sands when you talk about oil and gas exposure and could you just address the business there? Is there any risk of cancellations -- anything that we might be missing on the oil and gas exposure as we go through 2015?
Ronald E. Armstrong: When we talk about 10% we're principally talking about trucks that are sold into production activities, those would be water trucks, sand trucks, those types of applications. For sure, you know the level of new permitting is off and so we would expect some impact in the second half of the year, but don’t see any significant impact on our backlog at this point. Again, on balance we feel that lower oil prices overall are good for PACCAR, what drives freight in the U.S. economy is a large function of consumer demand and so on balance we think it’s a very positive things for the company.
Ann P. Duignan: Yes, I guess investors concern is that the two might not happen coincidentally but we might see a slowdown in oil and gas activity and then later in the year consumer activity pick up, so just trying to get a sense of how to put that into model. So I appreciate it and good luck on Sunday. At least I think the game is Sunday, is it?
Ronald E. Armstrong: That’s right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Good morning Jerry.
Jerry Revich: Hi good morning and good afternoon everyone. Ron I’m wondering if you could just talk about the drivers of the 50 basis points in margin improvement 2015 versus 2014, how much of that is just mechanics around the warranty, any mix headwind of higher production rates in Europe versus flat to down or production up in the U.S. and flat to down in Europe. Can you just maybe give us a bit more of the bridge there?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Jerry obviously the margin really reflects the stronger anticipated market in North America, we are going to be operating for sure for the first part of the year and probably throughout the year at a higher production level than we were at in the first half of 2014. So the benefits of that higher production volume is what's playing through to the margin improvement.
Jerry Revich: Okay, and then you alluded to earlier on euro impact on net imports into the U.S. for Europe, what proportion of your U.S. total truck component costs on euros roughly?
Ronald E. Armstrong: I don’t have that number Jerry, its not a great number, but its there is - it’s a sizable enough number that there is a natural hedge that we have.
Jerry Revich: Okay and Ron, you touched on it a moment ago in terms of your guidance I guess implies a year-over-year flat to decline production rate in the North American market. And I'm just wondering are you folks planning for slower demand or is that a function of, look, it's early in the year; let's see what another quarter or two of orders looks like before we get more aggressive about the guidance?
Ronald E. Armstrong: I don’t think I understand your point Jerry where the North American market last year was 250,000, Peterbilt and Kenworth had 28% share that market we are looking next year at 250 to 280 if the demand level continues maybe towards the higher end of that and Peterbilt and Kenworth have great products and I think the opportunity continue to have strong share position in the market. So we are going to have - if that market is there we’ll deliver more trucks in 2015 then we did last year.
Jerry Revich: Okay. I guess it just comes back down to on a year-over-year basis your production in the U.S. should be up somewhere in the 30% range. So compared to the full-year guidance at the midpoint or even at the high-end of not that strong growth implies a potential flattish back half of 2015. Does that make sense?
Ronald E. Armstrong: I’m not sure where all of your numbers, but again we’re going to be able to participate in the market growth and again because of our product positioning we have opportunity to have a very strong share that U.S. Canadian market.
Jerry Revich: All right. And to switch gears a bit, we've spent a lot of time over the past couple of years talking about the expanded range of products for the European markets. Can you just talk about the traction that you're getting in the marketplace? As you alluded to earlier, a lot of noise in the 2014 market share numbers. Maybe you could just talk about how the specific launches have gone and what the acceptance rate has been.
Ronald E. Armstrong: It’s been excellent, the XF product we launched that in 2013 and so it’s been in the market now for over 18 months. The LF and the vocational CF product was launched late 2013, early 2014 and again very well received in the market, DAF introduced some enhancement at the Hanover truck show and has launched those enhancements now into the market in the beginning of 2015 with predictive cruise, and low deck tractors, the CF with the silent package. So lots of good feedback from dealers and customers on the fuel efficiency, the reliability of the products, so DAF is very well positioned with its product as it moves.
Jerry Revich: All right, thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Tiss with BMO.
Joel G. Tiss: Hi guys, how's it going?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Good.
Joel G. Tiss: That's good. Great questions and even better answers. I'm not used to this. The lower spending that you guys - it's just slightly lower in your leasing business. Can you give us any of the dynamics behind that? Are there more used trucks in the market or are you just tempering your growth outlook a little bit?
Ronald E. Armstrong: I’m sure. I am following the question, Joel.
Joel G. Tiss: On your cash flow statement you spent $1.2 billion in 2014 on lease vehicles versus almost $1.4 billion in 2013. So I just wondered if there was any sort of message in that little bit lower spending in a growing market.
Ronald E. Armstrong: No I think that’s a mix shift of the method of financing of vehicles, both a bit in Europe and a bit in North America. So it’s really just the way that the customers have opted to finance their product.
Joel G. Tiss: Okay, and then since almost everything else has been asked, can you give us any sense if the energy-related vehicles are higher margin or similar margin or lower than the overall segment?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Let’s a similar.
Joel G. Tiss: Okay. Thank you very much.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Leiker with Robert W. Baird.
Joseph D. Vruwink: Hi, good morning this is Joe Vruwink on the line for David.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Good morning, Joe.
Joseph D. Vruwink: I'm in Green Bay Packer country, so you'll excuse me if I don't wish anyone good luck this weekend.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, that was a tough five minutes of football for you.
Joseph D. Vruwink: Very tough, but moving on. In gaining back market share in Europe, which sounds like it's your plan for 2015, is that just a function of country mix and the UK expected to be stronger or are there customers or applications you've identified that are helping as well?
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think it’s a combination of both in country mix and the reception that the Euro 6 product has received in the marketplace we will support DAF’s targets for 2015.
Joseph D. Vruwink: Okay. Are you seeing any sort of shift in let's say the head-to-head matchups at the high-end? I think one of your high-end Swedish competitors gained some market share in 2014?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Again, I think the 2014 share numbers were really impacted by the level of Euro 5 the sales in the 2014 year and which countries you know your particular was in. So 2014 is probably not representative of sort of the long-term trends.
Joseph D. Vruwink: Okay. And then shifting to the U.S., when making the comment that maybe for the industry production rates need to stay at or can stay at Q4 levels into 2015, and that's kind of where you get the growth coming from, order rates in 2014 were well above production rates. So it just rough math I think there would still be quite a few units in the backlog just maintaining Q4 production rates that would still really be targeted for 2016 at that point. It kind of goes back to the earlier comment on OEM discipline. But is that kind of a reasonable trajectory where OEMs are planning already for a 2016 delivery cadence?
Ronald E. Armstrong: I would say the vast majority of our backlog is that’s going to be built in 2015 if that’s your question I’m not certain we are following it.
Joseph D. Vruwink: Juts in terms of there is already a pretty sizable backlog across the industry, if orders maintain even reasonable rates let's say a low 300 or at 300,000 rates it would seem like there is obviously year the truck market is know for ratching it up to mid high 300 and then crashing back down, it seems like the plans across the industry are for something more gradual than that where a good growth number in 2015, but certainly not a ratcheting back down in 2016.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well I think that cycles in our business over the last decade have been both economic, but more importantly regulatory based upon the implementation of emission standards and as we kind of look out over the next five years at least, we don’t see significant impact from any regulatory requirements. So the market demand for commercial vehicles is going to be largely based upon the economics in the country.
Joseph D. Vruwink: Okay great and then one housekeeping item, it looks like your depreciation expense stepped up in Q4, is that the right level that you are thinking about into next year?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes, I think that amount in Q4 annualizes probably a pretty indicative number for next year.
Joe Vruwink: Okay, thank you very much.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer with Vertical Research.
Robert Wertheimer: Hi good morning guys.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Good morning.
Robert Wertheimer: Two quick questions, definitional really for you, I think the press release said 37% PACCAR penetration, you have obviously been on a very positive trend. I assume you have now just stated that for U.S., Canada and Mexico as appose to what you used to with U.S. Canada and you are still gaining share.
Ronald E. Armstrong: That really is a U.S. and Canada metric yes. Yes in Mexico we launched the engine last year very well received by our customers there and so it’s growing percentage penetration in the Mexican market as well.
Robert Wertheimer: But in the fourth quarter press release do you happen to know if you included Mexico in the share of 37?
Ronald E. Armstrong: No, that was U.S. and Canada.
Robert Wertheimer: Okay I’ll come back and circle back afterwards then. Do you have any capacity constraints on that or are you continuing to see customer preference shift or is there any - have you seen yet any capacity preference limit to how far you can go?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, we have two great engine factories, one in Eindhoven and one in Columbus, Mississippi and both can produce the full line of PACCAR engine and so we have the ability to produce engines around the world to that support our needs in whatever market it might be. So capacity is in excellent shape. Our capacity for both the truck business and for engine production is in great shape.
Robert Wertheimer: Excellent, thank you. And then if I may when you take an order in November or December for delivery next year, just mechanically speaking, does that have a potential to have next year's pricing in it or is it always existing year pricing? Thanks. 
Ronald E. Armstrong: Typically if we take a multi-year order there is some factor that's used for the subsequent year in the pricing that is in the order.
Robert Wertheimer: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Raso with ISI.
David Raso: Hello, thinking about your production mix geographically, the near-term build schedule, can you help us with - it seems like you're implying deliveries are down about 8% fourth quarter to first quarter, just backing into the math that you gave us year-over-year. Can you help us understand the geographic mix in that down 8%?
Ronald E. Armstrong: The first quarter would be down about 5% from fourth quarter levels with primarily related to Europe.
David Raso: Okay and you're implying the gross margins are down a bit sequentially. It looks like the absolute levels of deliveries are down, so there's some maybe just overhead issue. But can you help us understand from a mix perspective I'm generalizing, but I would think North America at this high level would be running better margins than Europe. So why if the mix is more towards North America sequentially should I have down gross margin sequentially?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Purely reflects the production volumes in the first quarter.
David Raso: Okay and then moving further into the year, maybe if you gave it I apologize, I missed it the full-year deliveries. How are you characterizing full-year deliveries 2015 versus 2014?
Ronald E. Armstrong: We’ve given our market range and we expect our shares to be good in all our markets and so that’s was the impact of the primary drivers of our volume numbers in our business.
David Raso: In Europe the build schedule versus the industry say market share was flat. Early in 2014 dealers were selling out their inventory of Euro 5, would that suggest your builds in 2015 in Europe should be better than the industry rate? Because the industry number you're giving is sales, but again they were selling out of inventory in the first quarter of this year. So are your builds going to be above the industry?
Ronald E. Armstrong: So, the mid part of our estimate is pretty comparable to last year’s level. We hope to - expect to see some share improvement, and so we hope that our deliveries and registrations for 2015 or maybe a bit ahead of 2014 level.
David Raso: Last question on pricing. A little disappointed what I'm hearing about the 2016 models on pricing. And we all understand what's going on with more vertically integrated drivetrains and who's trying to catch up on lost market share. But let me just ask you point-blank, are you surprised how the pricing is developing? Because usually with this kind of backlog, this kind of extension of build schedules, delivery lead-times I'm hearing 1.5% to 2.5% price increase for the 2016 models is relatively disappointing between you and I. So just trying to understand when those prices are set: first, is that the right magnitude? Second, maybe elaborate on why do you think that is. And then third, can we see pricing improve as the year goes on? I'm just not sure how much - when you set a price can we ratchet back some traditional dealer discounts or so forth during the year? Because again, I'd be hoping to get more pricing in 2015 than say 2% in North America.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes, I don't know what the source of your pricing information is, but obviously Peterbilt and Kenworth have great products, that its all based on the value of proposition with our customers and we think we offer a great value proposition with the industries best truck as well as the industries best fuel efficiency.
David Raso: Would you disagree with my sources on that kind of price increase? I'd be happy to hear I'm wrong, but hopefully to the upside. I'm just trying to understand if those are the right numbers, again I'd be thinking we can get more. But can you at least help us order of magnitude, do you think you'll be able to get more pricing than I'm alluding to or less?
Ronald E. Armstrong: David, again great products and competitive offering and great value for our customer, so.
David Raso: Okay, we'll take it off-line. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neil Frohnapple with Longbow Research
Neil Frohnapple: Hey, good morning, guys.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Good morning, Neil.
Neil Frohnapple: Do you have the new truck delivery breakdown by geography in Q4?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes, we do, just a second. In the US and Canada we delivered 22,200 trucks in the further quarter, and Europe it was 12,100 and in Mexico, South America, Australia and other it was 5,800 trucks.
Neil Frohnapple: Great, thanks. And just a follow-up on an earlier question on the MX penetration here in the U.S. and Canada. The 37% rate in Q4 was in line with Q4 of 2013 and it seems like we've been in that 35% to 40% range for all of 2014. I mean do you still anticipate this installation rate to increase over time? And I guess what do you think is preventing faster adoption of that product closer to your 50% medium-term target?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, I think we will see increased over time, it’s a great engine and it’s really a matter of getting more and more of the customers. We are significantly invested maybe in Cummins engines or another brand to get in the vehicle and experience the engine. And so, once they do that we will continue to see conquest business over time and the engine with its horsepower capabilities in the torque capabilities of the engine its very well suited to 75%, 80% of our customer need. So we will see it continue to develop over time.
Neil Frohnapple: And just a follow-up, are you guys planning on doing anything different this year to try to help accelerate the adoption or is the go-to-market strategy kind of the same?
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think it’s very consistent.
Neil Frohnapple: Great, thank you very much.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ted Grace with Susquehanna.
Ted Grace: Good morning, gentlemen.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Good morning, Ted.
Ted Grace: I was hoping to ask a question on PACCAR Financial. Just as we look forward to 2015, any handholding you can give us on how to think about the pretax contribution, how net interest margins may kind of flow year on year and maybe just start there?
Unidentified Company Representative: The portfolio has grown during the course of the year, portfolio pretty well attract the demand for trucks. So if the truck demand based on the market assumptions that we see that there is probably further portfolio growth as we enter into 2015 and portfolios performance very well past dues have been below 1% now for over two years and we see it continue to perform well and borrowing rates are an historic low levels and we will continue to take advantage of that to support the sale of Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF products and support our dealers in the floor plan activities.
Ted Grace: Yes, I guess the demand side is a little easier to calibrate on. But I'm just wondering the spread any handholding you can give us on how we should think about spread in the margin?
Ronald E. Armstrong: I don’t think it will be significantly different and what we’ve seen over the last several years.
Ted Grace: Okay. Thanks helpful. And then maybe just a cleanup question. Can you talk about SG&A and tax rates as we think about 2015?
Ronald E. Armstrong: SG&A one of our strengths as a company is rigorous over side of our spending activities and our plans and warehouses and offices around the world and we’ll continue to maintain that rigor. I think SG&A would be at levels comparable to 2014 and the tax rate as we look forward probably in the 32% to 33% range is we look to 2015.
Ted Grace: Super. Well best of luck this quarter with the exception of Sunday.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Reena Krishhnan: Hi, good morning, it's actually Reena Krishnan sitting in for Scott Group.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Good morning.
Reena Krishhnan: Hi and I apologize if you may have already answered this, but I just wanted to get a sense in terms of how you're thinking about deliveries for the year. I don't know if you guys ever give color on this, but within your expectations for deliveries, how much of that is -- like how many - how much do have confirmed orders I guess already for the full-year? If that makes sense.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Our market estimate for the various markets that we participate in. we’ve identified what those are and we expect to have good share positions in those markets and so that really can give the expectations for units as we look forward for the year. Backlogs are in excellent and we well positioned to take advantage of the market as it progresses during the year.
Reena Krishhnan: Okay thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexander Potter with Piper Jaffray.
Alexander Potter: Hi guys. I was wondering if you could comment on this recent drop in fuel pricing and whether that impacts peoples' decision to downsize their engine to a 13 liter.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I don’t think that has much impact, I think they are looking because fuel even at the reduction fuel is still the first or second biggest expense in their P&L and so I think they are always looking to get the most advantageous cost level that they can and the MX engine combined with the Peterbilt, Ken T680, DAF trucks provided excellent value proposition for those customers.
Alexander Potter: Okay, and then another question I guess along those same lines, saving cost on the fuel bill. Do you think given the decline in diesel pricing that's a natural gas trend is on the back burner? The natural gas has been a niche product and I think it will continue, we don’t see any dramatic shit in that but our Peterbilt and Kenworth teams have the leading market share in the natural gas products and so we are well positioned to provide those. For our customers it’s just not going to be a high percentage of our build.
Alexander E. Potter: And not willing to hazard a guess regarding whether 2015 natural gas truck demand might be up, down or flat versus last year? 
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think it will be similar.
Alexander E. Potter: Okay, fair enough. Thanks guys.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Shlisky with Global Hunter.
Michael Shlisky: Good morning, guys.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Good morning Mike.
Michael Shlisky: I wanted to start off here with a quick question to follow-up on a previous one. Can you maybe just quantify the fourth-quarter impact of FX on your top line and on your pretax income I guess both euro and of course the Canadian dollar as well? 
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes, for the quarter the impact on revenues was about $160 million and pretax profit was about $13 million.
Michael Shlisky: Great, and secondly I wanted to ask about your 2014 dividends, historically you’ve been talking about 45% to 25% payout rate of your annual net income in your overall dividend and just. And just going with what was put out in today’s release and we’ll put out back in December. I don’t think you kind of hit the very low end of that range, paying out about 45% of your full-year net income. I was kind of wondering are you holding onto the cash for any reason. Is there any reason why didn't want to go towards the higher end there?
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think we’ve been very consistent over time and we evaluate that on a ongoing basis and consult with the board, the board decides what levels will you provide dividends and so we have a long track record since 1941. Paying a dividend to our shareholders and we’ll continue I think with that practice for the foreseeable future.
Michael Shlisky: All right, thanks guys. Good luck on Sunday.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Thank you.
Michael Shlisky: And I guess keep those football pumps handy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kwame Webb with Morningstar
Kwame Webb: Good morning, gentlemen. Thanks for taking my question.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Good morning.
Kwame Webb: So the first one for me is what are you guys expecting in terms of Brazilian production rates for 2015?
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think we will see, be steady and up because as we gain more of our dealers, finishing their permanent facilities, they will be able to enhance their business, which should translate into additional demand for our trucks, our DAF trucks.
Kwame Webb: Okay. And when should we expect a more aggressive production ramp there? Should we expect it to be a 2016 or a 2017 type event?
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think it will be steady. 
Kwame Webb: Okay.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think it will be very steady.
Kwame Webb: And then just the other one for me on automatic transmission adoption, I know the penetration rate had been ticking higher over the last couple years. Kind of curious to get your thoughts on 2015.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, I think it will continue to increase in penetration, as this time goes on, both for fuel economy reasons and for driver reasons, very efficient transmissions and they are very easy to drive. So we will continue to see, increasing acceptance of those markets in the markets.
Kwame Webb: In terms of your own order mix, what would 2013 versus 2014 would look like.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Probably about a 10% increase over the course of the year, so fairly significant.
Kwame Webb: Okay, great, thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marty Pollack with NWQ Investments.
Martin Pollack: Wow, a lot of questions have been asked. When you look at Europe, your forecast for European I guess sales is down from 2014. If you look at where the truck cycle in Europe has been and it's totally in a different place where the North America cycle has been and you wonder then - what is the opportunity for some meaningful recovery in Europe? And how is it likely to be affected by what's gone on in the Eastern Bloc with Russia? At the same time, your market share 13.8% seems to be I think considerably lower than the sort of 16% or 17% range you've seen. So if there is upside in PACCAR is it in Europe? And if it's not this year is it next year that we should be seeing some recovery? That's the first question. The second one has to do just with North America. The sustainability of the cycle clearly in 2006-2008, we had the pre-buy impact, I think double ordering. Can you just talk about those dynamics here in terms of the health of the cycle? And even if it's 2015 is a peak, can 2016 be still a fairly strong environment?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well I think when you think about Europe as we commented ion our products, the Euro6 products had been very well received by our customers and DAF continues to make enhancements both in terms of application fuel efficiency and so they are very well positioned to take advantage of any uptick in the market and as I mentioned with the lower fuel prices, low interest rates there is a potential for the market to improve, I think it’s a matter of people getting confident about how the future may look for them and once they gain that confidence just as we saw in the past years here in North America, once they gain that confidence they will be willing to be more aggressive in placing that order. In North America, we said past cycles have been impacted by some of the emissions change , we don’t see those kinds of impact and so the truck market will pretty well track the economic development as we see them occur and right now obviously the economic forecast for 2015 are good and we expect to have a positive impact on the size of the market for this year. End of Q&A
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Ronald E. Armstrong: I would like to thank everyone for their excellent questions. And thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR’s earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-28 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Hastings - Director, Investor Relations Ron Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer Bob Christensen - President and CFO Michael Barkley - Vice President, Controller 
Analysts: Steven Fisher - UBS Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley Steve Volkmann - Jefferies Jamie Cook - Crédit Suisse Andy Casey - Wells Fargo Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Joel Tiss - Bank of Montreal Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank David Leiker - Robert W. Baird Bob Wertheimer - Vertical Research David Raso - ISI Scott Group - Wolfe Research Ashley Lee - Piper Jaffray Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Neil Frohnapple - Longbow Research Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Seth Weber - RBC Jeff Kauffman - Buckingham Research
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR’s Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today’s call is being recorded; if anyone has an objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR’s Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR’s Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Ron Armstrong, Chief Executive Officer; Bob Christensen, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Barkley, Vice President, Controller. As with prior conference calls, if there are members of the media participating, we ask that they participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Ron Armstrong.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning. PACCAR reported record quarterly revenues and increased net income for the third quarter of 2014. PACCAR’s third quarter sales and financial services revenues were $4.9 billion and net income was $371 million and after tax return on revenues of 7.5%. Revenues were up 15% and net income increased 20% compared to the results generated in the third quarter last year. These excellent results reflect increased truck deliveries in North America and records for quarterly sales of PACCAR parts and quarterly pretax profit at PACCAR Financial Services. I’m very proud of 23,400 employees who have delivered industry leading products and services to our customers worldwide. During the third quarter, PACCAR repurchased 581,000 shares of stock for $34.1 million. Under the current Board authorization of $300 million, PACCAR repurchased 5.6 million shares for $226 million. PACCAR delivered 37,400 trucks during the quarter, an 11% increase versus the second quarter of this year and 6% higher than the third quarter last year. This growth reflects increased truck deliveries in the U.S. and Canada due to many customers expanding their fleet and the ongoing replacement of older trucks. Industry orders for Class 8 trucks in the U.S. and Canada for the first nine months of this year were over 220,000 trucks, a 38% increase over the comparable period last year. Our customers are benefiting from positive economic trends that are generating record freight tonnage and higher fleet utilization. U.S. auto sales are projected to be over 16 million vehicles and housing starts over 1 million units this year. Other good economic news is that the U.S. unemployment gains this year have averaged 227,000 jobs per month and lower fuel prices are benefiting on customers’ operating costs. In Europe, it is encouraging that the UK economy, which is PACCAR’s largest market in the region, is expected to grow by about 3% this year. The Eurozone economies are projected to grow more modestly at around 1%. Year-to-date through September, freight in Germany as measured by the Maut toll system was 3% higher than the same period last year. During the third quarter, market registrations of Euro 6 vehicles continue to increase and were estimated to be about 85% to 90% of the industry. As a result, DAF’s market share increased to over 15% for the third quarter. Looking to the fourth quarter, we expect to increase global truck deliveries by 5% to 7% compared to the third quarter, reflecting an increased number of workdays in Europe and the continued strength of the North American Class 8 market. Fourth quarter truck gross margin should be slightly higher than the third quarter reflecting the benefits of higher production levels. U.S. and Canadian Class 8 industry retail sales are estimated to be in the range of 245,000 to 255,000 trucks this year, the highest level since 2006. The 2015 estimate for the U.S. and Canada Class 8 market is 240,000 to 270,000 trucks. For 2014, Europe’s greater than 16-tonne market is projected to be in the range of 210,000 to 220,000 trucks with our 2005 estimate at 200,000 to 240,000 trucks. Production of DAF trucks in Brazil was steady, with build rates expected to increase gradually in 2015. PACCAR’s Parts business generated record quarterly revenues of $784 million. PACCAR Parts’ quarterly pre-tax income was $128 million, an increase of 20% compared to a year ago. The strong results were driven by improved fleet utilization and the many innovative products and services offered by PACCAR Parts. PACCAR Financial Services revenues were $306 million in the quarter. PACCAR Financial’s pre-tax income was a quarterly record $97 million compared to $88 million earned last year. The improved results benefited from growth in asset balances and strong portfolio performance. PACCAR’s strong balance sheet and positive cash flow have enabled the company to invest over $2 billion in new products and facilities in the last three years. In the third quarter, DAF introduced many exciting new products at the Hanover truck show including the new DAF CF and XF Low Deck tractors and DAF CF and XF trucks with Predictive Cruise Control. Kenworth and Peterbilt launched the innovative additions to their product lineups including natural gas versions of the Kenworth T680 and T880 and the Peterbilt Models 579 and 567. Capital expenditures for 2015 are projected to be $325 million to $375 million, and research and development expenses are estimated to be $200 million to $250 million. The investments will enhance our global product ranges, aftermarket support and manufacturing facilities. PACCAR continues to enhance its leadership position in the global truck market by developing the highest quality products and services in the industry, investing in new geographic regions and providing excellent returns to our shareholders. I’ll be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). The first question comes from the line of Steven Fisher from UBS.
Steven Fisher - UBS: Hi, good morning.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning.
Steven Fisher - UBS: You’re just talking about some of the CapEx trends there. I’m wondering where are we in the investment cycle for parts distribution centers? And then how should we think about how much it would cost to spend into some of the newer regions that you’ve discussed? I’m just kind of wondering against that $2 billion you spent the last few years, are there any particularly big CapEx programs we should be expecting in the next couple.
Ron Armstrong: I think capital expenditures next year, if you look back at sort of our average spending levels have been in the $300 million to $400 million level on average. And I think next year will be a typical year with continued investment in parts distribution centers. We’re going to build a new parts distribution center in Renton, here in the Seattle area. We’ll continue to invest in new products and continue to invest in improving the efficiency of our manufacturing facilities around the world. One of the things that we’ll be doing next year is investing a new paint facility at our Westerlo plant in Belgium.
Steven Fisher - UBS: Okay, it’s helpful. And then in terms of fleet expansion, your customers and you seem to be calling out little bit more clearly this quarter. What have you heard from end customers that maybe different at this point?
Ron Armstrong: I think the fleets have taken some actions to track more drivers through increasing pay rates and other activities. And so, I think they are feeling better about being able to keep their trucks utilized and of course freight tonnage is at an all time high. So, the demand is there and we’re starting to see a little bit more willingness to make that fleet expansion.
Steven Fisher - UBS: Okay, great. Thank you.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Nicole DeBlase with Morgan Stanley.
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley: Yes, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning.
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley: So, my first question is around build rates. So you have been stepping up your build rates at your North American facilities. I’m just curious today where are we from a plant capacity utilization perspective. How does that compare to prior peak levels? And is there scope to take up your build rates further?
Ron Armstrong: We’re in good shape from a capacity standpoint. We have a fair amount of capacity remaining in several of our plants, in North America. So, we don’t see capacity being a limiting factor for our operations in the near term. And so in Europe obviously where I think we’re in good shape capacity wise as well. So we feel good about our capacity really in all of our markets around the world.
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley: Okay, got it. That’s helpful. Thanks. And then maybe the second one around pricing. How is truck pricing for you guys during the quarter and what’s your view on pricing as we move into next year, because as build rates increase, there could be the scope for pricing term prove in the industry? I’m just curious on your thoughts around that.
Ron Armstrong: Yes. Pricing has been pretty steady for us in the last 12 months. We talked about with Euro 6 coming on board early part of 2014, the market still remains at a relatively low level compared to some of the peak levels. So, pricing continues to be steady. And if there is some opportunity for market improvement as we go forward, maybe some opportunity for pricing realization. But I’d say steady is how we’re thinking about pricing as we go forward.
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Steve Volkmann with Jefferies.
Steve Volkmann - Jefferies: Hello, good morning out there.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning. How are you?
Steve Volkmann - Jefferies: I’m well, thank you for asking. I hope everybody is good there. I’m curious about maybe sort of another way to think about this pricing thing. How far out are your delivery slots in North America these days kind of roughly?
Ron Armstrong: I mean, we’re pretty full for the rest of this year and then just starting to add to our backlog for next year.
Steve Volkmann - Jefferies: Okay. And did you have sort of a normal price increase associated with 2015? I assume you do that every year.
Ron Armstrong: There is typical adjustments effective with the model year change and so when that happens next year, there probably would be a list price adjustment that goes with that.
Steve Volkmann - Jefferies: Okay. Fair enough. And then are you seeing anything on the supplier side with respect to cost or tighter schedules as things ramp up, are they able to keep up with you and is that having any impact on your cost?
Ron Armstrong: Suppliers did a great job of supporting our build rate ramp up during the third quarter. And everything is running very smoothly at this point and we see no particular challenges with being able to continue to support that and commodity prices are relatively stable. So that’s obviously allowing us a stable cost situation.
Steve Volkmann - Jefferies: Okay. Thank you very much. I’ll pass it on.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning Jamie.
Jamie Cook - Crédit Suisse: A couple of questions. As we think about 2014, you guys have had nice margin improvement on the operating margin line based on how it will trend for the year. The gross margins look like they will probably be more flattish for the year. As we look ahead, do you see further opportunities on the SG&A and R&D side to get operating margin leverage or going forward do the operating margin leverage really need to come more from the gross profit side or gross margin side and can you talk about your comfort level there? And then my other question is just on the markets. Can you talk about sort of the vocational side of the markets how much that was up year-over-year and sequentially? Thanks.
Bob Christensen: Well on the cost side, SG&A is -- I think we’ll continue to see comparable levels next year to what we’ve seen this year. So, I don’t see that -- if there is higher revenues that provides some leverage, but spending levels will remain relatively constant and R&D we talked about for next year, our range being in the $200 million to $250 million range as we continue to invest in new products, energy engine efficiency and other product enhancements. So again, that spending level will be in that range somewhere. So again, the leverage will depend on whether we have increased revenues or not to go with that. From a factory standpoint, we will see to the extent that build rates increase, we’ll see some operating leverage as a result of that. So, it’s a pretty typical operating leverage as we’ve seen over the years. What was the…
Jamie Cook - Crédit Suisse: The second question, so you feel comfortable you could get gross margin improvement next year?
Bob Christensen: I think it really depends on the volumes that we see. I think we see pricing has been steady and there is opportunity to get additional operating leverage with additional volume I think.
Jamie Cook - Crédit Suisse: Okay. And sorry the last question was just color on the vocational markets, what you’re seeing sort of sequential and year-over-year? Thanks.
Ron Armstrong: Sure. PACCAR does a great job with the vocational business. The vocational market in the North American continent is on order of 25% to 30% of the total market, probably up 5% to 10% year-on-year and our market share is in the 45% to 50% range. So, the good solid steady market for PACCAR. And in Europe the guys are working really hard to capture a larger share of that rigid or vocational business in Europe and certainly it’s an opportunity for us there.
Jamie Cook - Crédit Suisse: All right, thanks. I’ll get back in queue.
Operator: Question comes from the line of Andy Casey with Wells Fargo.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning Andy.
Andy Casey - Wells Fargo: Hey, good morning Ron. How are you doing?
Ron Armstrong: Great.
Andy Casey - Wells Fargo: Good. If I missed it, I apologize. Could you highlight what the truck shipments were in the quarter and then maybe by two of the regions?
Ron Armstrong: So, total deliveries were 37,400, so I don’t know. We’ll get the information by region, I have it here. So, 37,400 in U.S. and Canada; 23,500 Europe; 9,200 in the West Mexico, South America, Australia and other.
Andy Casey - Wells Fargo: Okay, great. And then on the 2015 industry sales outlook, I know it’s the initial view. But between the two primary regions, U.S., Canada and then Europe, which region do you think has the highest likelihood for upside risk at this point?
Ron Armstrong: Upside risk. I mean, I guess we feel good about the ranges that we’ve provided, Andy; I don’t -- if U.S. and Canada continue at third and fourth quarter pace, it would be probably towards the higher end of that range. And Europe a lot depends on how things develop in the economy over the coming months. So, I don’t have a comment which was say more risky than the other. I think we feel good about our ranges at this point.
Andy Casey - Wells Fargo: Okay, thanks. And then one last one and it’s along the same lines. If you look at the midpoint, it’s kind of low single-digit growth in both primary regions. And if you assume no dramatic market share shift in anywhere for you folks, does the modest sales growth suggest modest production growth? And the reason I’m asking is you’ve increase production pretty much sequentially for most of the year, so first part should have pretty good growth?
Ron Armstrong: Yes, I think we’re at a production level to support the current market conditions in U.S. and Canada. So assuming the market is near the -- within our range, I think we’ll see fairly steady production levels through next year. And Europe orders have been relatively steady and we’ve been producing at a pretty steady pace there. And so, we’ll see how things develop as we enter 2015. But our perspective is that the markets will be similar to up depending on how the economic conditions develop.
Andy Casey - Wells Fargo: Okay. Thank you very much.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz with Barclays.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning, Andy.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays: Good morning, nice quarter.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays: Ron, so maybe we can talk a little bit more about the European truck market. If you look at the data available for the important countries for you guys like the UK that you mentioned and Germany, the data looks still somewhat weak but maybe stable and a low level is more accurate and September did appear a bit better than July from the data that I see. So maybe you could talk about order book and inventory levels in the major European markets for you guys?
Ron Armstrong: Orders are -- I’d say they’ve been pretty steady the last couple of quarters and supporting our current build rates. And I don’t see anything that’s going to cause to change in the short-term. So what was the rest of your question, Andy?
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays: Inventory…
Ron Armstrong: Yes. Inventories both for our truck operations and our dealers are in great shape. Dealers have reasonable levels that are consistent with the current market conditions. I’d say that’s true not only in Europe but also in North America, and if anything dealers can probably use maybe a little bit more inventory in some of our North American activities.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays: Okay, that’s helpful Ron. And then you talked about your parts related growth this year to be in the 5% to 8% range and it continues to pretty consistently be around 10%. So besides more difficult comparisons as your freedom service continues to get a larger, why wouldn’t parts continue to grow at least on the higher end of your previous range?
Ron Armstrong: Yes, I think as we now work to the point in the year, we’re 10% up year-on-year, so I think for the full year, we’ll be at the higher end of that range for the full year.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays: And as we look in the ‘15 Ron, I mean again you’re going to put in new distribution. And it still seems like it’s pretty consistent growth there especially with the bigger fleet. Can we expect still at least mid single-digit growth?
Ron Armstrong: I would expect, our parts team does a great job of putting together innovative programs and services to support our dealers, customers around the world. So, I would think we would see some continued growth in the parts business as we progress into 2015.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays: All right. Thanks Ron.
Ron Armstrong: Sure.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with JP Morgan.
Ron Armstrong:  Good morning
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan:  Hi guys. How are you?
Ron Armstrong: Great.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan: Good. Maybe you could take a step back, you know that the vocational market is up about 5% year-to-date. Could you just break that down and give us some more color in terms of construction end markets versus oil and gas? And then what you’re seeing in other applications like long-haul versus short-haul? Just give us the more color on where you’re seeing the strength in demand.
Ron Armstrong: I would say that in the oil and gas area activity is steady, probably is the best way to say that year-on-year; probably have a little bit more growth in residential and commercial construction applications. And in the current environment, we would think that that would be the trend moving forward as well. Construction activity would continue to lead the vocational market until oil and gas pricing really recovers from its current level.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan: Okay. And perhaps just the same question around fleet expansion; what kind of fleets are expanding, is it common either geographically or tie to oil and gas or not…
Ron Armstrong: No, Ann I’d say the economy is in the midst of long slow economic recovery and it’s -- all of the segments of the Class A business long-haul short-haul, they’re all responding within the same solid range of growth.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan: Okay. So, no one end market or application specific to expansion of fleet?
Ron Armstrong: Which is great for PACCAR because we’ve got a very diverse product lineup; we’re strong in all of those segments.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan: Indeed, indeed. And then just finally on Brazil, you normally tell us how many trucks per day you’re building, probably today where we’re going and the market doesn’t look great down there, so maybe talk about are you going to continue to proceed ramping up or would you consider curtailing production in the region?
Ron Armstrong: No, it’s early days for us and our build rates are steady and we anticipate being able to gradually ramp up build rates as we start into 2015. Our dealers get more of their final facilities in place and operational and we get contact with more and more customers, we have lots of demo trucks that are out with customers that they are testing and we’re getting traction really as we continue to go week-by-week, month-by-month. So, team has done a great job and we’ve got a great long-term opportunity in Brazil. So, the short-term situation in Brazil doesn’t really impact us.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan: Okay. And I think you were at about 3 trucks per day at the end of the last quarter, where are you right now?
Ron Armstrong: Yes. We’re in a 2 to 3 truck range.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan: Okay. I’ll leave it there. Thanks guys. Thanks for the color.
Ron Armstrong: All right. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: Hi. Good morning.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: I’m wondering if you could talk about how the warranty performance is tracking on the new products in Europe and I think the industry was just working through some electronics issues on engines in the U.S. Can you talk about how the quality performance has trended since the last time you spoke on the call?
Ron Armstrong: Yes. Products are great. The Euro 6 products have been very well received by our customers. Obviously, we continue to increase the penetration of engines in North America, 35%, 40%. So, I think we have 65,000 engines in the field these days. And so, the feedback on the engines all of our truck models around the world is excellent and warranty performance is just normal. So, products are doing great.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: And I know your [counting] is deliberately conservative on the warranty side, can you talk about over what time period you would expect the accrual rates to come down and to match that quality performance at least as of last quarter look like you’re running 80 basis points plus above normal accrual rates on the new introductions?
Ron Armstrong: Yes. I think warranty as I said is very normal. There is nothing unusual about our warranty rates. And so, I think we’ll see steady warranty as we go.
Bob Christensen: Steady improvement.
Ron Armstrong: Yes.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And in Europe, can you just calibrate us since this was just a transition year. How much this year are your retail sales higher than your production rates on the numbers you shared with us year-to-date. How much higher would the retail sales for your dealers have been?
Ron Armstrong: One more time Jerry.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: Sure. So, retail sales for your dealers I’m assuming were higher than your production this year in Europe given the translation to Euro 6. Can you just talk about how significant that gap was your dealers now, how much do they bring down inventories post the Euro 6 transition?
Ron Armstrong: No, I think retail sales were pretty consistent with our production levels. Probably maybe a 1,000 trucks or so from the beginning of the year dealer inventory down to where we’re at today, but it’s nothing of significance.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And lastly, you spoke about the CapEx and SG&A outlook, I’m wondering if you could just touch on R&D heading into next year you’re coming off of a couple of really significant new product cycles. Is there an opportunity for R&D to move lower in ‘15 and maybe ‘16?
Ron Armstrong: No, I think as we put our range for next year, we think it will be $200 million to $250 million somewhere very comparable to what we saw this year as we continue to invest in our new product line ups and engine efficiency, facility enhancements, new systems to support continuing to improve our business efficiency. So, I think R&D will be in that comparable level as we look at 2015.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs:  Okay. Thank you.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Joel Tiss of Bank of Montreal.
Joel Tiss - Bank of Montreal: Hey guys. How is it going?
Ron Armstrong: Good.
Joel Tiss - Bank of Montreal: I think a lot of the operating stuff has been asked already, but I just wanted to ask a little bit about sort of the philosophy of your cash pile and the build-up. I think you’ve got a little less than $3 billion right now and between 2015 and 2016 you could easily generate another $2.5 billion of free cash flow. And I just wondered if sort of the number and the size of the projects that you already have on your plate plus your special dividend is enough to deal with that or is there any reason to do some new thinking about where you are and where we are in this cycle?
Ron Armstrong: Well, as we’re talking about capital expenditures for next year in $325 million to $375 million range, we’ve got a $0.22 per quarter regular dividend and we’ll take a look at what the year-end might bring with respect to special dividend payments. The Board will evaluate that and make a decision. And we continue to -- it’s a cyclical business, having a strong cash position is healthy for our company in industry. And we’ll continue to look at alternative uses; and obviously having a strong cash position and strong cash flow gives us a lot of flexibility to take advantage of situations that might arise. And we periodically from time-to-time will go in the open market and repurchase shares, so that’s always an option for us. So that will be our plan as we continue forward.
Joel Tiss - Bank of Montreal: All right. Thank you.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Patrick Nolan of Deutsche Bank.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank: Good morning everyone.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning Patrick.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank: Most of my questions have been answered but I wanted to follow back up on the earlier pricing discussion to see if you expand on particularly what you’re seeing in pricing in Europe. Have we seen prices move up sequentially? Are you capturing more of the Euro 6 cost than you were earlier this year?
Ron Armstrong: No, I think pricing is pretty constant. It’s -- we have a great product lineup. We have a broad Euro 6 product offering. And so the customers are very appreciative of the great products. And so pricing has been I’d say fairly constant as we’ve moved throughout this year for Euro 6 products.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank: And your statement about pricing next year relatively constant as well that price for Europe as well?
Ron Armstrong: I think it’ll depend a lot on market demand and the amount of what the market size potential maybe. So at this point, I don’t see any significant ups or downs in price expectations for 2015.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank: Thanks. And I just had one follow-up on the Q4 shipments, I apologize if I missed it. Can you just discuss how you see shipments materializing for each region sequentially going into Q4?
Ron Armstrong: So, we talked about 5% to 7% increase in our fourth quarter deliveries with the majority of that coming from just increased workdays in Europe. Our European business has their traditional summer shutdown period during the third quarter. So, that gives us more workdays in the fourth quarter. And then we continue to see the benefits of the strong North American market.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank: Thanks very much.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David Leiker with Robert W. Baird.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird: Good morning.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning David.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird: I wanted to try and picture two items here, first on Brazil. Where are you on coming off the profit curve and breakeven in the region?
Ron Armstrong: That’s a long-term proposition for us where we do expect to ramp up our build rate in 2015; it’s held steady. Market conditions are -- it’s a challenging market but the opportunity for DAF to continue to gain traction and build this place in the market is great. And so we look for continued improvement in 2015 and beyond. And we’ll get to that breakeven point in the near term.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird: Is anything as you ramp those, the drag on the numbers might become larger before it gets better or are we opening up on that?
Ron Armstrong: No, I don’t think so.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird: Okay, great. And then just a little bit more color if we could on capacity utilization. Where are you in terms of shifts that you are running in your plants and build rates and things like that; anything you can share?
Ron Armstrong: Yes, I mean we’re producing at record build rates in our Chillicothe and Denton factories. We still have lots of opportunity to build more trucks and our Renton factory and Sainte-Therese in Canada. Our Mexico factory obviously has some additional capacity, in Europe we’re in great shape capacity wise. So, good shape really in all of our geographic areas.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird: Are you running overtime anywhere?
Ron Armstrong: No, no scheduled overtime. So, we’re in good shape and all the capacity investments that we’ve made over the last five years have really positioned our facilities to be in great shape to support current market conditions, as well as reasonable growth prospects that may come.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Bob Wertheimer with Vertical Research.
Bob Wertheimer - Vertical Research: Hi. Good morning.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning, Bob.
Bob Wertheimer - Vertical Research: So one quick one on Europe, just trying to sort through the pre-buy and I want a thought that you would have had I don’t know deeper overhang just given the geography of where you’re selling there for you 1Q might have been worse and would up come up 2Q and 3Q despite 2Q maybe some production shutdowns in August left off. So, I’m just curious if you see Europe trending a little bit worse because that overhang was there in 1Q and having not better if you see it steady, maybe I’m misunderstanding how your overhang works?
Ron Armstrong: Yes. I guess I’m not clear on what you mean by the overhang?
Bob Wertheimer - Vertical Research: Yes. So, 9,300 deliveries in 1Q, 9,200 in 3Q. And I would thought that that 1Q would have been the most depressed just given the pre-buy before that?
Ron Armstrong: I think as we look at -- build rates have been reasonably steady, I mean we took to build rates up in third quarter and fourth quarter of 2013 to support the demand for the Europe by pre-buy as we reduce that back down at the beginning of 2014. That build rate has been relatively steady at that level through the course of the year.
Bob Wertheimer - Vertical Research: Okay. That answers it. That answers. One other question, I’m not sure you will be able to address it, but I’m just curious given the strong success of your engine -- North America did it come with any launch or it’s been launched a while back down I guess. But any initial hesitation from customers that would have cost you to have a pricing strategy that’s less aggressive and then it proves out to be seemingly really high quality and working well is there opportunity to move the margin up on it?
Ron Armstrong: No, I think we had a well thought out pricing strategy with our engine when we launched it four years ago in 2010. We’ve stayed pretty consistent with our approach. And think the engine obviously provides great value for our customers, it provides a great option for them, it’s lightweight fuel efficient and reliable and durable. So, great engine. Like I said 65,000 engines in the field currently. And so, I think that’s again pretty stable outlook on sort of what we see as pricing and value for our customers.
Bob Wertheimer - Vertical Research: Thank you.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator:  Next question comes from the line of David Raso with ISI.
David Raso - ISI: Good morning. Thinking the build schedule for the Europe. I know with the days, it’s not the cleanest analysis, but I’m just trying to think about the build for fourth quarter versus third quarter. It would appear you will be over roughly 10,000 units. Is that the right way to think about the sequential?
Ron Armstrong: No. That’s fair.
David Raso - ISI: So with that, when I think of the first half of ‘15 and I guess really if you’re thinking your build schedule being steady, is there any reason to think from what you see in your order book right now that we can’t take our fourth quarter build schedule and think of it as at a minimum consequentially flat without the first couple of quarters next year was pretty healthy year-over-year growth in Europe?
Ron Armstrong: Yes. So, our current thoughts the market will be comparable to this year and that we hope to improve our share of that market as we look to 2015. And so, I think build rates will enter next year at rates comparable to where we’re at currently.
David Raso - ISI: And that’s always giving to your industry outlook is midpoint and also wide range, but up 2.3% but just taking your prior answer again if you run that build schedule from fourth quarter out, Europe a lot more than that, should we take that to mean some implicit thought about market share or again it’s a wide range it’s an early look?
Ron Armstrong: Yes. And when I say build schedule I am thinking about the daily build rate. And again, our daily build rate has been pretty steady throughout 2014 what has been a difference is the number of work days in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter. 
David Raso - ISI: Okay. Last question, gross margins a little stronger than you had forecasted at the end of last quarter. What would be driving that in particular? I mean, was there any change on the build schedule versus what you thought was the particularly good mix. This doesn’t sound like pricing is necessarily giving it to you as a cost just trying to understand where that gross margin upside came from and how to think about that moving forward?
Ron Armstrong: Yes. Primarily it was the benefits of operating leverage, 11% up in terms of delivered volumes during the quarter and so really was the manifest of operating leverage.
David Raso - ISI: And I guess more specifically, the North American production upside, Europe builds were generally as you thought?
Ron Armstrong: Yes, Europe was and it was really the ability of the suppliers and facilities to deliver the ramp up plans very efficiently and very effectively.
David Raso - ISI: Okay. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Ron Armstrong: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Question comes from Scott Group of Wolfe Research.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: Hey, thanks. Good morning to you guys. So, I wanted to ask about on the engine side, as you start doing booking orders for next year, are you seeing any further maybe material pickup in engine share on your side as you think that can get to kind of the 50% penetration number next year and how should that impact the gross margin?
Ron Armstrong: Well, I think we continue to see the increased penetration of our engines over time; in the third quarter, we were in a 35% to 40% range. And so I think deals continue to see a steady progression as time goes. And so 50%, at some point in the near term is not -- is certainly achievable. And as we increased utilization of our factory, there are some operating leverage benefits that come with that.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: And have you seen -- how long after you sell a truck with a PACCAR engine is the aftermarket opportunity on that come through?
Ron Armstrong: Well, it starts when the engine gets put in service, but that ramps up over time. And so as we increase the number of engines in the field, that aftermarket benefit really starts to take again two to three, four years. So the part stream has a little bit longer tail, the service opportunities because it’s a captive engine and will be serviced at Kenworth and Peterbilt dealer provides good near-term opportunity for our parts organization to sell parts that are also installed in different service intervals. And so the service captivity is an important piece of the engine strategy.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: Okay. And then last one for you Bob, not a big data on things but that any preliminary thought on pension as a potential headwind for next year?
Bob Christensen: Yes, I would just say that our pensions are fully funded and the contribution rates are steady and we don’t really expect a much of change from that.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: I was just saying on the expense side from where it is coming but you say nothing material?
Bob Christensen: Yes.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Alex Potter with Piper Jaffray.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning, Alex.
Ashley Lee - Piper Jaffray: Sorry. This is Ashley Lee in for Alex. The first question is on margins in the financial service statement. And we saw an improved margin in Q3. Can you maybe talk about how sustainable those margins are on a go forward basis?
Bob Christensen: And how are you measuring margins?
Ashley Lee - Piper Jaffray: We’re taking the -- one second here. We’re taking the gross profit by the revenue.
Bob Christensen: Okay. So the…
Ashley Lee - Piper Jaffray: Gross profit margin.
Bob Christensen: Okay. So, the revenues minus the cost. So, part of that is obviously we’re A+ rated borrower and so we have -- able to borrow at very competitive rates and we were able to support our dealers and our customers for them at very cost effective rates to support our business. Part of the reason for that improved margin is the fact that market rates are trending down and so the revenue number and the cost number both are going down. And so it sort of creates a higher margin percentage just because of market rate movements.
Ashley Lee - Piper Jaffray: Okay, got it. Thank you. And then just another question on the outlook in Europe. Lastly WABCO also reported, they expect flattish demand and growth in Europe with the productions forecasts out up 3% to 8% for 2015. I was wondering if you can maybe talk about what your 2015 outlook in terms of production growth?
Ron Armstrong: I think our market estimate for Europe you were talking about 210,000 to 220,000 this year and next year 200,000 to 240,000. We would expect DAF to earn its typical share of that market and so that will be indicative of production. So, I don’t think there is any big difference between sort of market registrations and our production for either year.
Ashley Lee - Piper Jaffray: Okay. Thank you very much.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Question comes from the line of Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research:  Yes. Hi guys.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning Adam.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research:  I was wondering if you could talk about what you’re seeing in Eastern Europe and Russia?
Ron Armstrong: Well, our deliveries in Russia this year will be lower than last year effective of some of the uncertainty that exists in that region, but we continue to sell trucks. We’ve got a great and growing dealer network in Russia. And so we see it as a great long-term market for us, but certainly impacted this year by what’s going on in the region and you see that in some of the other areas. The other areas of Eastern Europe we continue to grow our business there and again see that whole region as a great long-term opportunity for DAF.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: Okay. And then what proportion of your DAF volume is going to be non-Euro 6 for the year do you think?
Ron Armstrong: It’s probably in the 10% to 20% range for the year for Euro 5 and other emissions levels.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Question comes from the line of Neil Frohnapple with Longbow Research.
Neil Frohnapple - Longbow Research: Hi. Good morning guys and congrats.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Neil Frohnapple - Longbow Research : Regarding used truck pricing in North America, what are you seeing in the market and do you think where (inaudible) and just any other color you can add there and how that will potentially impact the new truck side?
Ron Armstrong: Well, the used market has been very good throughout this year, up 5% to 10% year-on-year. And so it’s -- there is no signs of that being significantly different in the near-term. So, used truck prices are near all-time highs and we’re benefiting from that in our finance operations.
Neil Frohnapple - Longbow Research: And then can you speak to any early signs on the 11-liter MX engine launch in Europe and wondering if you can just update us on your plans for timing of the launch in North America?
Ron Armstrong: Yes. So, the plans for launching in North America early 2016. The feedback in Europe has been excellent. I was in Europe in September and met with some customers and dealers and the benefits that engine provides in terms of payload, capacity, the weight, the efficiency of the engine in terms of improved fuel efficiency. It’s great for a lot of customer applications. And so, as we see downsizing becoming a growing trend in Europe, the MX-11 is being very well received and we’ll have the launch here in 2016 and we think that will be a nice addition to our engine offerings in North America as well.
Neil Frohnapple - Longbow Research: Great. Thank you very much.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Question comes from the line of Ted Grace with Susquehanna Financial.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial: Hey guys, I was hoping to follow-up on David’s question on Europe. And I know the range you gave is kind of down, call it down mid singles to up high singles. Could you maybe speak to your key markets in Europe and whether you expect those to outgrow and that might help bridge kind of your build rate versus what you jump into next year with versus year-to-date?
Ron Armstrong: So, the UK, the Netherlands, Belgium sort of our home markets if you will. Got impacted a fair amount of the Euro 5 pull forward and Netherlands and UK had unique transition rules. So, those markets are down quite a bit this year compared to 2013. And the expectation for next year is that those markets will see some growth which will benefit DAF both in terms of production volumes and share position. We’re very strong in Central European countries, market leader in Central Europe. And so, I think we’ll continue to see reasonable growth in Central Europe as we go forward.  So, I feel DAF, again DAF Euro 6 product has been very well received; the MX or the MX-11 engine has been very well received. So the product line up is as broad and as it never has been and so DAF is well positioned to continue their march towards the 20% market share in the mid-term.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial: Okay. So when you overlay your footprint in those dynamics relative to your plus 2% market growth, you should out grow the market by a meaningful portion correct?
Ron Armstrong: There is potential there for sure.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial: Okay. And then the second thing I wanted to ask was on the U.S. outlook. You’ve got the midpoint of 2% next year. Could you just maybe about how you’re thinking about the on highway market versus the vocational, the relative growth rates, which would be above 2%, which would be below 2% in your forecast?
Ron Armstrong: I don’t think -- we haven’t got that precise with our outlook. I’d say that we expect both markets to continue to grow in the short-term, obviously the long-term we’ll see how things develop. But right now, I think we see as Bob mentioned earlier, the improving construction market conditions will support vocational growth in the short-term and record freight tonnage obviously supports the long haul and less than truckload business as well as in the short-term.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial: But the freight side is facing tougher comps. So just intuitively it makes sense to think vocational should grow to faster rate, would that be fair assumption?
Ron Armstrong: Again, I don’t -- we haven’t thought that precisely about growth expectations.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial: Okay. Thank you very much. Good luck this quarter guys.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Seth Weber with RBC.
Seth Weber - RBC: Hey, good morning everybody.
Ron Armstrong: Good morning.
Seth Weber - RBC: Just a couple of quick tie up questions. Just going back to Brazil, have you heard anything about the government subsidies, what their plan is there; I guess post election or how that’s looking for 2015?
Ron Armstrong: Well obviously with the Rusev administration continuing and we expect that those subsidy arrangements will continue, I think there will be some discussions in the coming weeks and months about what exactly those terms and conditions will be. But our expectation is that those will continue in at least a similar form or fashion just to what they have currently.
Bob Christensen: We expect to hear the details of the new program in December.
Seth Weber - RBC: In December, okay, so you don’t anticipate any interruption into next year?
Bob Christensen: We don’t think so.
Seth Weber - RBC: Okay. And then just on the Finco given kind of the low interest rate environment, are larger percentage of customers relative to history using the Finco and how do you handicap what would happen in that business if rates did go higher?
Ron Armstrong: Over time, the market share penetration, so the percentage of PACCAR trucks that are finance and leasing companies supported then in the 28% to 30% range. And so I think we would continue to expect to see it in that range. Our team provides really strong customer service. We’re dedicated to the transport industry. So the increased level of customer service and technology that we have to support the business is beyond what others can offer. So I think we’ll continue to see it in that range.
Seth Weber - RBC: Okay, that’s all I had. Thank you very much.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: And the question comes from the line of Jeff Kauffman with Buckingham Research.
Jeff Kauffman - Buckingham Research: Thank you very much. Hey guys congratulations. Terrific quarter. A lot of my questions has been answered at this point, so let me just as a softer one here. In terms of the ASP and the improvement you’re seeing there, how much of that’s coming from customers, how many you say I listened, I just want different specs on my truck and here is how I want to expect and maybe look at what your heavy duty buyers are asking for versus medium duty and I know there is a lot of different kinds of markets there versus you’re going out there and saying look the base truck is just (inaudible).
Ron Armstrong: Well, when you say ASP I guess you’re talking about average selling price just to make sure we’re right.
Jeff Kauffman - Buckingham Research: Right. And I understand that that’s kind of a residual fall out between revenues you’re generating and units you’re selling.
Ron Armstrong: Well, our discussions with our customers are all based on the value that we provide to them to meet their needs and each customer is different and their expectations and demands may change overtime. So, it’s a very dynamic pricing environment and we price our product to earn fair return and provide them a great product that they can have the lowest lifetime operating costs for their operation.
Jeff Kauffman - Buckingham Research: All right. Let me follow-up a different way. At the dealership level with the Parts and Service business being so strong, how was the absorption rates at your dealer levels trending right now and where do you think you’re going to be in terms of dealer inventory?
Ron Armstrong: So absorption rates are trending up. Our dealers are performing excellently and taking advantage of the high freight levels and providing great service, extending their hours of service, opening new facilities. So, you see the benefits of that in their business. Their inventories are in great shape. And as I mentioned earlier, in fact maybe they are bit too low from where maybe the optimal situation might be. But dealers are doing very well in North America, as well as in Europe.
Jeff Kauffman - Buckingham Research: Okay. Big questions have been answered, so thank you for the follow-ups guys.
Ron Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Ron Armstrong: I’d like to thank everyone for their excellent questions. And thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR’s earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-29 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Hastings -  Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer and Director Robert J. Christensen - President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Ross P. Gilardi - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jerry David Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets Canada Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research, LLC Alexander E. Potter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company Joseph D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Neil Frohnapple - Longbow Research LLC Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Jeffrey Asher Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded and if anyone has an objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Hastings, please go ahead.
Ken Hastings: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Ron Armstrong, Chief Executive Officer; Bob Christensen, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Barkley, Vice President, Controller. [Operator Instructions] Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Ron Armstrong.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Good morning. PACCAR reported improved revenues and net income for the second quarter of 2014. PACCAR's second quarter sales in financial services revenue were $4.6 billion and quarterly net income was $319 million and after-tax return on revenues of 7%. Revenues were up 6% and net income increased 9% compared to the results generated in the second quarter last year. PACCAR Parts achieved record sales this quarter, and PACCAR Financial generated record pretax profits. I'm very proud of our 22,600 employees, who have delivered industry-leading products and services to our customers worldwide. PACCAR delivered 33,700 trucks during the second quarter, a 6% increase versus the first quarter this year. This growth reflects increased truck deliveries in the U.S. and Canada due to the ongoing replacement of the aging truck population and higher fleet utilization driven by record freight tonnage. Looking ahead, we expect to increase truck deliveries in the third quarter by about 5% compared to the second quarter, reflecting the continued strength of the North American Class 8 market. Third quarter gross margins should be slightly higher than the second quarter, reflecting the benefits of higher production and improved operating efficiencies. It is encouraging that U.S. employments gains this year have been the strongest since 2006. Other good economic news is that U.S. auto sales are projected to be over 16 million vehicles and housing starts over 1 million units this year. These positive trends are benefiting truck demand in North America. U.S. and Canadian Class 8 industry retail sales are estimated to be in the range of 230,000 to 250,000 trucks this year. Industry orders for Class 8 trucks in the U.S. and Canada for the first half were over 145,000 trucks, a 34% increase over the comparable period last year. Economic news in Europe is trending positively, with GDP growth expectations for this year of 1.1%. Year-to-date through June, freight in Germany, as measured by the amount index, was 3% higher than the same period last year. Europe's greater than 16-tonne market is projected to be in the range of 210,000 to 230,000 units. Customers in Europe accelerated purchases of Euro 5 vehicles last year and are gradually adjusting to the increased prices of Euro 6 trucks. Production of DAF Trucks in Brazil is progressing, with build rates expected to increase gradually through 2014. PACCAR Parts business generated record quarterly revenues of $778 million, a 10% increase compared to $710 million in the same quarter of the prior year. PACCAR Parts quarterly pretax income was $127 million, an increase of 16% compared to the $109 million earned in the second quarter of 2013. The strong results were driven by improved fleet utilization and the many innovative products and services offered by PACCAR Parts. PACCAR Financial Services revenues were $303 million in the second quarter compared to $289 million a year ago. PACCAR Financials' second quarter pretax income was a record $92 million compared to $82 million earned last year. The improved results benefited from growth in asset balances and excellent portfolio performance. PACCAR's strong balance sheet and positive cash flow have enabled the company to invest over $2.1 billion in new products and facilities in the last 3 years. In the second quarter, DAF introduced a new range of Euro 6 CF and XF 4-axle trucks and tractors for heavy-duty applications. These new vehicles expand DAF's product range in the construction, container and refuse markets. In addition, Kenworth and Peterbilt launched new medium-duty cabover trucks, with extensive exterior and interior enhancement. The Kenworth K270 and K370 and the Peterbilt Model 220 have been designed with an enhanced turning radius and shorter overall length to excel in urban delivery applications. PACCAR's capital spending of $250 million to $300 million this year is targeted at enhanced powertrain development and increased operating efficiency of our assembly facilities. Research and development expenses are estimated to be in the range of $200 million to $225 million. During the second quarter, PACCAR's Board of Directors approved a 10% increase in the regular quarterly dividend to a record $0.22 per share. PACCAR's increased the regular quarterly dividend by more than 140% in the last 5 years. PACCAR continues to enhance its leadership position in the global truck market by developing the highest-quality products and services in the industry, investing in new geographic regions and providing excellent returns to our shareholders. On behalf of the PACCAR management team, I'd like to thank the many analysts and investors who attended our investor conference on May 28 and 29 at Peterbilt's Denton, Texas plant. We enjoyed sharing our plans and our world-class facilities and products with you, and we appreciate your feedback on the event. I'd be pleased to answer your questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Nicole DeBlase from Morgan Stanley.
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So just a couple of questions for you. First, Ron, if you could comment a little bit more on your acceptance of Euro 6 pricing. Obviously, it's been a hot issue for you guys. How does it trend during the quarter? Is commentary getting any better? And what's your expectation for Europe as we move into the back half of the year?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes. Euro 6 pricing is, as we've identified before, is up quite a bit over the Euro 5 pricing. It has been challenging to gain acceptance of that pricing in the market, and we've recovered the price increase but not realized any additional margin on that. So that continues to be the case, the European market is very competitive. And -- but I think we see with the fundamentals, the economic fundamentals of Europe trending positively that once the market normalizes that we'll see an increase in demand as we progress to the second half.
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then secondly, so you said gross margin's up slightly Q-on-Q. I think last quarter, you were a little bit more explicit. You set up 20 to 40 basis points. Is there any way you could kind of frame what up slightly means?
Ronald E. Armstrong: It's slightly. It's not a significant amount.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Volkmann from Barclays -- I'm sorry, Jefferies.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: So I'm going to actually follow-up a little bit on Europe, if that's all right. You're talking about the second half being up a little bit sequentially. I guess the first one, is you talked about 5% sort of quarter-over-quarter production increase. Is Europe up quarter-over-quarter in the third quarter?
Ronald E. Armstrong: No. We have our traditional summer shutdown period in the third quarter, so it's not up. So the increases is North America.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. And so then, I guess, you would assume the fourth quarter in Europe is a little bit better. I think you're planning for second half to be a little higher. Do you have orders sort of on the books for that or is it sort of that you're hoping the economy kind of continues to sort of come back a little bit?
Ronald E. Armstrong: So I think it's more focused on the economic fundamentals that are there and supporting the increased freight activity that we're seeing.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. I got it. And then my final question is can you just say something about pricing in the North American market? Given the amount of volume we have here, I guess, I would think maybe things would be starting to get a little bit better but any color would be great.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think pretty steady. The buyers of trucks are large fleet customers that we have long-term relationships with, and so I'd say it's pretty steady.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook from Crédit Suisse.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess just my -- another follow-up question on the margin front. I mean, to Nicole's point, you guided to a 20 to 40 basis point margin improvement sequentially last quarter and on the gross margin line you came in 80 bps better. So in your opinion, sort of what drove the upside surprise? And then at what point do you feel like -- or what do you need to see where you feel like we finally get some year-over-year improvement on the gross margin line, because in the first half of the year it's still trending down year-over-year? And then my last question relates to the Parts business. We've seen, I think, this is like the -- I don't know, fourth or fifth -- actually, no, I mean, probably 6 quarters of pretty good top line growth and we're trending in sort of the high-single-digit range. Do you think that's sustainable going forward?
Ronald E. Armstrong: That's a multifaceted question, Jamie. So the European -- or just the margin side...
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes. Your margins were better than what you forecast.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Sure. And so...
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And so I'm trying to figure out if that's the same for Q3? And then what do you need to see to get to year-over-year gross margin improvement?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Sure. So as we think about margins in the second quarter, I mean, there's a combination of some price realization in North America, rigorous cost control and then the operating efficiency of running our factories at a higher rate. So those 3 things, I think, combined. We'll see some benefit from operating efficiency in the third quarter again, but we also have the shutdown period, which has a bit of fixed cost that goes with that. So that's a little bit of an offset, some of the upside on operating leverage.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then what do you need to see -- to start to see year-over-year improvement in gross margins? And then last is the growth that you've seen in parts, which has been pretty healthy, do you think that's sustainable in the back half of the year?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Sure. I think, obviously, the market strength of the market is the key thing that drives margins over time. And so if demand continues to accelerate and backlogs get extended, that probably provides some pricing leverage opportunity. We're anticipating good market, steady market as we progress through the second half. So we'll see how that develops. And Parts has had an excellent performance and wonderful products. There are TRP brands, the PACCAR Genuine and DAF parts product lines have done excellently. And so we'll continue to see some level of growth. Right now, we're thinking, for the year, somewhere in the 5% to 8% range, I think.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Can I push in the margin one more time?
Robert J. Christensen: Sure.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I mean, I guess, I sit here and I look, and your gross margins have been pretty consistent over the past couple of years, 2012, 2013. It looks like we'll end 2014 at some point and we're 5 years into what historically has been a 6-year cycle. So is there the risk of this cycle just given where we are unless your view of this cycle is different that we just don't get the improvement in gross margin?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, the peak in the last cycle, if you'll recall, Europe and North America was a 300,000-plus truck market with backlogs extended almost up to a year at points and we're nowhere near those kinds of numbers. So that provides a unique pricing opportunity that's not present currently.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Casey from Wells Fargo Securities.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a question back on Parts. Was there any specific region that grew faster than the other regions, specifically, I guess, was U.S. and Canada kind of the shining star in the quarter or was it pretty well spread at that 10% rate against -- across most regions?
Ronald E. Armstrong: No. I think U.S. and Canada was up a little bit more than average in Europe, just a little bit below that. But both had excellent quarters and good performance by the team and the markets, like I said, with freight activity at pretty good levels in all of our markets that's supporting good Parts business.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then if it's possible, could you kind of address the demand trends that you're seeing outside of -- the ones that you've already talked about, Europe, U.S., Canada, Brazil, specifically, I guess Mexico, Australia and then the Andean region?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Okay. So let's start with Mexico. Mexico, good start to 2013, softened in the back half of last year. We're starting to see some improvement in demand in the Mexican market, as well as in the Andean region. There's some emissions changes that are occurring in Colombia that are going to be positive to demand in the second half of this year. Brazil, the market is soft -- softening. Economic growth there is slowing. But again, we're on a slow, steady ramp-up period, so it doesn't really impact us but we continue our slow and steady ramp-up in Brazil. Australia is, I'd say, steady. Not -- GDP growth is relatively low. Mining activities lower than it has been, but just good and steady.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ross P. Gilardi - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. But first of all, it feels like some of your customers are really getting pinched by the driver shortage now. And I guess, on one hand, it's putting pressure on them to buy new trucks to retain drivers. On the other hand, it's probably pressuring their business on wage inflation and things like that. So going forward, do you think an ongoing driver shortage contributes positively or negatively to your business?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, I think, obviously, Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF products are at the top of the market in terms of driver, in terms of their need for -- or their desire for new trucks to drive. They're the great fit and finish, great performance and become a real asset for a company as they're recruiting drivers. So I think it could have a positive potential on demand for the Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF products.
Ross P. Gilardi - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: On the flip side, are you seeing any signs that some of the pressure, some of the driver shortage are adversely impacting order patterns for trucks into the second half of the year?
Ronald E. Armstrong: I don't know if I would see it impacting the patterns per se. I think they're -- all other things being equal, customers would buy some additional trucks if they had a clear path to having additional drivers, but I don't see it affecting the patterns that we've seen over the last several quarters.
Ross P. Gilardi - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then on Brazil, I mean, obviously, your business is just starting out and you've got a very good long runway ahead of you. But I'm kind of surprised you didn't reduce your outlook for the Brazilian truck market that may not really impact how many trucks you can sell in particular this year. But just wondering is it more difficult to get customers to take a chance on a new brand in a weaker market like this right now? And do the current market conditions in Brazil dampen your penetration expectations in the next several years at all?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes. So the market size that we referenced in the press release is the South American Class 8 market, which includes Brazil, Argentina as well as the Andean region. We see -- within that, Brazil being down 10% or so, the Andean region being maybe a little more flat compared to where it was prior year. I think, last year, the total number for the South America was 160,000 trucks or so. We're thinking 140,000, 150,000. So down 5% to 10% over last year's levels for the South American Class 8 market. And in terms of our business, again, we're just ramping up, getting going. And our guys are -- our team has just performed excellently there in terms of getting the factory up and running. Our dealers are still building out their facilities to represent DAF in the marketplace. And so that whole process continues. But we still see the long-term prospects for our business to be excellent.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Kaplowitz from Barclays.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So can you talk about what you're seeing in Eastern Europe right now? How much of a risk is that market, specifically Russia to your outlook? You've already -- we've seen issues there with some of your competitors. Are you seeing anything there yet that we need to be concerned with?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, I think as it stands now, we'll see fewer truck deliveries in Russia this year than we saw last year because of the -- some of the challenges that are there in the area. But it continues to be -- we've continued to increase our representation with dealers in the area. We have a strong park. We're expecting good growth in parts sales in the area. So it's a bit challenging for the short term, but long term we feel very good about the development of our business in Russia and continuing to grow that over the coming years.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And Ron, as you sort of build out your MX engines, what we see also in the industry is some of the guys who were your suppliers, too, have talked about higher warranty expense on some of their new engines. How comfortable are you guys in sort of warranty expense control as you go forward that we won't see a little bit of volatility there as we go forward with PACCAR?
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think with the introduction of on-board diagnostics, the industry, as you mentioned, have seen some challenges, all the complexity that goes with that. But there's been a nice progression of -- with our sales and others, and we'll continue to see that progression as we get more and more experienced with those regulations and guidelines. And so we're comfortable that we'll perform very well and our engines are very well received by the customers, great reliability, durability and the fuel efficiency is just -- has been very well received. So we're -- we still view it as a great upside potential for our engine business long term.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Ron, can I ask just you quickly about the vocational market? You guys talked about it being strong earlier this year. Construction have gotten more mixed here over the summer. Do you still see any strength in that market for you guys?
Robert J. Christensen: Yes. I think -- this is Bob. The vocational market is, certainly, year-on-year much stronger than it was last year at this time, and PACCAR with new products for both Kenworth and Peterbilt in the North American market is very well positioned to take advantage of the opportunity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan from JPMorgan.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I wanted to take a step back and just ask you in North America, what you're seeing out there in the fundamentals from demand for the oil tanks to transport domestic oil. And also, are you seeing any customers purchasing trucks to take advantage of the rail capacity issues that we're seeing out there, particularly in the Midwest?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes. I don't think either of those are significant factors up or down. I'd say it's fairly consistent in terms of the number of trucks that we're selling to customers in those areas. I think things are good, solid, but nothing, I guess, I would say is a significant trend upward or downward in that.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then same question, I guess, on sleepers versus take cabs. Any change in the trends there or anything incremental?
Robert J. Christensen: No. I think our sleeper mix has remained fairly steady, perhaps it's grown slightly as we've seen some of the fleets play some expansion orders. But in general, a pretty standard mix for us.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And on the pricing side, are you seeing any aggressive pricing by your competitors? We're hearing about discounts to list price on one of your competitors for -- if you buy their entire drivetrain. Are you seeing any aggressive pricing from your competitors to encourage full integration -- fully integrated drivetrains?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Nothing I would say that's pervasive in the market. Everybody has their particular conquest point that they protect and go after. But I'd say it's pretty steady market in that regards. In Europe, with sort of the softness of Euro 6, pretty competitive pricing environment but nothing peculiar to any particular manufacturer.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then Europe, any particular region or is it just in general because customers are bolting at the increased price?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes, just in general.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.
Jerry David Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Ron, I'm wondering if you could talk about how the product warranty performance is tracking in Europe? I know you have a lot of test miles, can you just update on how that's playing out in the marketplace? And also can you just flush out your prior comment on U.S. on-board diagnostics? Is that an issue that you're monitoring or have you taken up your accrual rates there?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes. So Euro 6, the products have been very well received by customers, both from a reliability and fuel efficiency standpoint. So very well received, continue to get good accolades. DAF, in fact, just -- was recognized in Poland as truck of the year with their products. So good recognition. And from our perspective, obviously, there's a lot of elements of the truck that are new and were very well designed and again, receiving good accolades. So we'll continue to experience good warranty performance on those trucks as we progress through this year. The on-board diagnostics, again, it's something that's affected the entire industry. Everybody has transitioned with that. And we're seeing steady progression of managing that, and it'll be well managed as we go forward.
Jerry David Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And I know it will come out in the Q, but can you share your warranty expense with us in the quarter, just so we get a sense of how much of the margin improvement that you saw this quarter was on the warranty side?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes. I don't have those numbers, Jerry. It's not a major element of our total cost structure. I think on the 10-Q, it combines expense with extended warranty and a few other things. So I don't have those numbers readily available.
Jerry David Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. But maybe as part of the discussion on the warranty -- or on the margin trends in the back half of the year, this is one area that if you continue to execute consistent with your prior product rollouts, that can be an area that drives margins above prior year levels in the back half of the year. Is that reasonable?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Warranty is just a standard part in doing business. And I would say there's not any significant trends one way or another reflected in our results.
Jerry David Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And from a CapEx standpoint, you've made a slight tweak to the CapEx plan this quarter. But compared to the prior guidance or the initial 2014 guidance, you're reducing CapEx by about $100 million. Can you just talk about what areas of your capital deployment plans you're tightening the belt on? But is it all around or are there any specific projects where you're delaying or holding back on?
Ronald E. Armstrong: So it's really timing. There are some product and facility activities that we've got on our plans. So just the timing of executing those has been pushed out a bit as we look at when we're ready to execute on certain things. So no particular things that have been just -- it's really mostly timing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Tiss from Bank of Montréal.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Just -- can you talk a little longer term about expansion plans? Maybe over the next couple of years, Brazil is going to be where you want it to be and running on track. And what would be some of the next areas that you think you can grow the company? Is it finance or geographic?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Sure. Brazil is clearly an opportunity to continue just to achieve the targets that we've set out for Brazil. So that's an excellent opportunity. And as we look to the Eastern Europe, Russia, Ukraine, think about Turkey, those provide some good opportunities upside long term. As we talked about Russia, short-term challenges but long term, we feel good about that. And then Asia is an opportunity where, as you know, we don't have great participation in the truck market at this point. And we've got offices in India and China that represent us well. And we have a technical center in India. We do a lot of procurement in those areas. And so we stay very close to those markets to understand what the trends are and continue to look for an opportunity at the right time to participate. But at this point, nothing short term in our drawing board.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets Canada: I know you guys won't help us probably with anything behind the scenes on merger talks with Volkswagen. But can you just remind us what the company's sort of overall thinking is on selling the company or anything like that? Do you feel like you guys are always for sale at the right price? Or do you feel like there's nobody who can do a better job than the current management team, so there's no need. You know what I mean? Just sort of the philosophical angle on how you think about that.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Joel, I mean, there have been no discussions with Volkswagen and the company continues to focus on running the business day in, day out, and we've got a great team and that's our focus.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Nolan from Deutsche Bank.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Most of my questions have been asked, but I just had 2 follow-ups. First on PACCAR Financial, continues to improve there on a year-over-year basis. Can you just give us some color on what you expect for the remainder of 2014 and into next year?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes. The asset base has continued to grow. Our teams there have done an excellent job of representing our capabilities in the marketplace. There's -- as time goes on, particularly North America, as the truck markets improve, more and more competitors like to wade back into the market. But our teams -- we have great service capability and continue to win. About 30% of the new PACCAR trucks that get sold are funded by our PACCAR Financial and PACCAR Leasing businesses. So we'll continue, I think, to see that as the retail sales grow so, too, will our asset base, somewhat. And so that would be a positive development for us as we progress through the year. And customers with the good freight conditions are performing very well and paying their truck payments. We continue to see past dues below 1% in our portfolio. So no indications that, that's going to change in the near term. But -- so good performance by our finance team and used truck markets are in good shape. We've seen probably 4% to 5% appreciation in used truck prices year-on-year. So things are in good shape and the teams are executing very well.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And can you expand on your ability to raise rates to customers as your borrowing costs could start to move higher as you move into 2015?
Ronald E. Armstrong: We're typically -- the yield to the customer typically moves -- maybe it's not basis point by basis point, but generally moves in the same direction as our borrowing cost.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And if I could just sneak one quick one. On the SG&A, it actually came down sequentially on an absolute dollar basis despite the increase in revenue in the quarter, sequentially. Was there any timing issues we should be thinking about there or is that a pretty clean number?
Ronald E. Armstrong: It's a pretty clean number. Yes, the first quarter had, typically, has a little bit more, I think, stock compensation-related expenses included in it, so that's pretty steady as she goes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher from UBS.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: You guys have a pretty diversified customer base in North American heavy-duty truck. How should we think about what types of customers are only replacing versus those that are actually expanding capacity at this point?
Ronald E. Armstrong: I guess, I would say that in any sector there's probably a combination of some, and then there are probably some that are actually downsizing depending on their trends in the business. So I don't know if I see any...
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Or maybe I'll ask it this way. In terms of sort of larger fleets versus independent operators or midsized, any differentiating trends among those classifications?
Robert J. Christensen: I think that our customers are seeing a good rate environment. They have generally high-utilization rates and generally across-the-board, irrespective of the fleet size or the vocation, are continuing to replace equipment and expanding their fleet to accommodate the new opportunities with a little bit better economy out there. And I wouldn't say that there's one segment that is unique in that regard. It's really across-the-board with all of our customer segments.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then I know you mentioned the freight growth rate in Germany. But within Western Europe, more broadly, can you maybe differentiate what demand trends you're seeing in some of these specific markets?
Ronald E. Armstrong: I would say that based on what -- the statistical availability is a little more limited in Europe, but I would say that Germany is a pretty good proxy for, generally, what we're seeing in Europe in terms of freight activity. That it's probably up in most countries in Europe year-on-year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer from Vertical Research.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: So one quick question on U.S. or North American production. I think you had signaled a bigger production increase than you did in the quarter. Was there anything to that? Was it the driver shortage or any other factors or is it just normal variability?
Ronald E. Armstrong: No. It really was the fact that Europe was a little softer than what we had thought when we talked in April.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay. Perfect. And then just a second -- maybe I'll just wrap it all together. I don't know if you gave your MX engine penetration in North America or U.S. and Canada, however you want to do it, this quarter. And I'm curious as to whether that was margin accretive in the quarter. Yes, I'm not sure you've ever talked about that very explicitly. And then whether you've seen any stopping points, whether you've hit any saturation or whether it can continue to build in the order book.
Ronald E. Armstrong: So we were at about 35% penetration for the quarter. And we'll continue, I think, as we progress, we -- you look at the MX engine and the applications that it can meet the needs of our customers. We'll continue to see that, that percentage will grow over time as you see in the marketplace, about 50%. 13-liter, 50%; 15-liter engine sales in the Class 8 market. And we think that it will continue to trend more towards 13-liter over time as people look for reduced weight per fuel economy. So we see that the prospects for the MX are good. In terms of margins, it's just part of the cost of our truck and -- so no real margin impact.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay. Now that's great. And do you have any comment on -- I think you launched in Mexico, how's the initial feedback on that? And I'll stop there.
Ronald E. Armstrong: It's good. We're selling the MX in the Mexican market at a Euro 4 level. And obviously, that's a level that we sold in Europe for many years. And so it's been well received, it performs well, great fuel efficiency as well as torque and horsepower ratings. So very well received.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So back at the Analyst Day, I think you had talked about, for Brazil, needing a kind of a build 10 units per day to kind of get a good -- to get a positive return. Can you just update us on that when you think you might get there? Is that still the right number to think about?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, I think that's still a fair number to think about, and we're probably 2015 or so before we get to that point.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Can you update us on how the distribution build out's going there?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Going good. Our dealers are investing in 20 locations. So several are open, several are near open and several well along in the construction phase. By the end of this year, most of the initial 20 facilities will be completed, and several of the next phase or next 20 facilities that are committed will be started. So that is progressing well.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just a follow-up, the new DAF vocational trucks you introduced, I guess, this quarter, can you give us any color there and indicate was that accretive to margin in the quarter?
Ronald E. Armstrong: No. It really is -- it's just the -- what it was is the -- as we transition from Euro 5 to Euro 6, these are the more complex, high-content trucks and were sort of the last batches of the DAF Euro 6 vehicles to be introduced. And so now that really completes their Euro 6 offerings but not that many sales in the quarter, but it really just replaces a comparable Euro 5 offering.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Group from Wolfe Research.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research, LLC: So Ron, I think in one of the earlier questions about margins, you talked about hey, the last cycle, we got to a really high build numbers and backlogs. I get the backlogs not there, but we're ordering trucks on a run rate north of 300,000 right now. So why isn't this the time to get more price? And do you think -- can PACCAR take a leadership role to start trying to push more pricing?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, we feel like we always have a leadership role and we are the premium product in the market, so that's how we approach our business. And we work very closely with our customers to provide them competitive -- competitively priced vehicles that recognize the value that the PACCAR products provide. And so it's all driven by the competitive marketplace and we'll continue to maintain our leadership position.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research, LLC: Do you think this is the environment where you can start pushing pricing harder or still not there yet?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Again, it's a 240,000 plus or minus truck market and some of the truck markets that we talked about previously were 300,000 truck markets. And so if you look back, over time, there's a pretty good correlation with the size of the truck market and the ability to price and leverage your cost structure.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. And then just last question. So I see you guys increased the dividend this quarter. Can you share with us were there any discussions at the board about starting to emphasize the share buyback anymore?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes. We have an authorization that has about $100 million or so of unused buyback capacity. So as we have, historically, we buy back shares from time to time and we'll continue to evaluate that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Potter from Piper Jaffray.
Alexander E. Potter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: I guess, first, just a housekeeping question. Can you give deliveries for Europe and North America in the quarter?
Ronald E. Armstrong: So for U.S. and Canada, 20,500 trucks; 8,900 in Europe; and 4,300 for Rest of World.
Alexander E. Potter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. Great. And then wanted to touch one last time here on gross profitability just to make sure I understood correctly. It sounds like -- clearly, you had nice volume in North America that helps things. Price realization in North America helps things, presumably a mixed shift towards parts helps things. But Europe, on a sequential basis, wasn't any better, wasn't any worse than it was last quarter. Is that fair?
Ronald E. Armstrong: I'd say that's a pretty fair assessment.
Alexander E. Potter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. Very good. And then, lastly, you mentioned in the release that you're focusing some CapEx and I guess R&D on "enhanced powertrain development." Just wondering if you can elaborate, I guess, strategically on exactly what that means? That would be very helpful.
Ronald E. Armstrong: So obviously, the customers that operate our trucks are focused on the lowest total cost of ownership, and fuel being one of the more expensive parts of their cost of operation. And so we're very focused on gleaning every percent improvement in fuel economy that we can from a variety of sources, including the aerodynamics of the truck itself, the engine, operating efficiency, the integration of the engine with the transmission and axles and Aftertreatment Systems. So it's a continuous focus by our teams, both here and in Europe, to achieve industry-leading fuel efficiency.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Uhlman from Cleveland Research.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: I was wondering if you could speak to what you're seeing in material cost trends and with the build rate in North America going up. Have you seen any supply chain issues pop up yet?
Ronald E. Armstrong: So I think material costs are pretty steady. Cost movements have not been a significant factor from quarter-to-quarter even year-on-year. And in terms of supply-based performance, it's just -- it's normal business, business as usual. And our supply base is moving in lockstep with us. Any day, there might be a little bit disturbance. But all in all, suppliers are performing very well.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. Got you. And then when you think about your build plan in North America for the second half of the year, how full are you right now? And are the orders reaching out into 2015? And along with that, have you established 2015 pricing yet?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, I mean, we do. We have long-term orders that we assume, we take in and so there are some trucks that are on the board for 2015 delivery, it's not a significant amount. And we're -- work closely with our customers to provide them competitive pricing, whether it's short term, mid term or long term. Well, it's sort of business as you as usual in that regard so...
Robert J. Christensen: Plants are in great shape. We have lots of capacity to handle the demand that we're seeing.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Leiker from Robert W. Baird.
Joseph D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: This is Joe Vruwink on the line for David. When you look of the success you've had in driving growth in the Parts business, is there maybe a way to isolate the contribution from internal engines versus maybe some expanded coverage initiatives maybe just from the carry through you've had from strong new truck volumes this cycle?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, I think all of those elements have made a contribution to the Parts growth, as well as the truck utilization. So we have very well-developed All Makes brand with TRP that services not only other makes of trucks, but the bus and trailer segment. We have the PACCAR Genuine and DAF brand of parts in Europe that are represented very well. And our Parts team put together very innovative programs to continue to build and capture a greater share of the parts marketplace. So all of those things are contributing to the incremental growth that PACCAR Parts is achieving.
Robert J. Christensen: We should also give some credit to our dealer body. They are actively investing in their business, expanding their locations, expanding their hours of service and -- it's really a combination of the programs of PACCAR Parts and how our dealers are performing in the markets.
Joseph D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. So the new Parts center that's being constructed later this year, is that just to support the existing run rate on the business or is it anticipation of any maybe additional growth initiatives you could outline?
Ronald E. Armstrong: That's really supporting the continued growth and supporting our dealers that are in the Northwestern part of the U.S. And so -- but it's pretty normal. Last year, we doubled the size of our Lancaster facility and this will be essentially a doubling of our capacity in the Northwest U.S. But over time, all of our PDCs, we either expand them or build new ones to support the increased distribution opportunity that we have.
Joseph D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then, lastly, just wanted to touch on financing sort of in the industry. So when you look at the captive credit arms of the truck companies, there's been pretty good success this cycle and kind of filling a void left by the other financing arms or the other finance hole[ph], like, commercial, let's say. Wondering if you're seeing a greater push by some of these other lending sources and sort of a chase for yield to help facilitate maybe a higher level of industry volume going forward?
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think, again, as I think I've commented earlier, what we see at this point in the cycle, there are increased entrants into the financing world, which can create a more competitive pricing environment. But customers appreciate PACCAR Financial and PACCAR Leasing. The fact that we're here throughout the cycle, we only finance trucks and trailers for the industry. Our people are well versed in providing the best service, so that's a real competitive advantage for our team.
Joseph D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Would you expect your penetration levels to stay pretty much the same and does that need to come at the expense of maybe in that margin?
Ronald E. Armstrong: No. I think 30% penetration is about where we'll stay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neil Frohnapple from Longbow Research.
Neil Frohnapple - Longbow Research LLC: Clearly, you had a strong parts revenue quarter. But as customers are increasing the replacement of their aged fleets, are you anticipating any sort of parts revenue slow down or growth to at least decelerate at some point like in 2015 due to the strength of the new truck sales that would essentially bring down the average age of the fleet?
Ronald E. Armstrong: I don't think that will be a significant factor. Again, with the new truck volumes, there's still lots of parts opportunities that go with outfitting trucks and accessories, et cetera. So I don't see that as being a major factor in terms of parts movement.
Neil Frohnapple - Longbow Research LLC: All right. And then just a quick follow-up to Scott's question on production in Brazil. You mentioned at the Analyst Day you guys were building 2 trucks per day. What's your daily production rate today and have you seen progress since then towards the 10 per day?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes. We've increased that to 3.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ted Grace from Susquehanna.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Two quick kind of cleanup questions. One, could you just comment on the impact of FX in the quarter both on OE side of the business in the Parts from a revenue and a profitability standpoint just so we appreciate what that dynamic was?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Ted, we're gathering the -- yes, the overall impact on revenues for the quarter compared to prior quarter was about $60 million and about $3 million of pretax profit impact from currency movements. And mostly due to the euro being stronger this year compared to last. You're interested in breaking it down between...
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Just differentiating between truck and the Parts business to see if there was a -- just so I'd appreciate -- at the segment level, I had to think about it.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes. I mean, for the quarter, for the truck side, the impact to currency was about $1 million and about $10 million on the revenue side.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. And then the balance would have gone to Parts?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes. Pretty close to that. I mean, there are some other pieces there as well. But the Part side, there's some mixed things in there as well. The Parts' size is about $9 million on the revenue side and about $3 million on the market.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then the last thing, obviously, a strong quarter and you raised kind of your outlook for the market. Execution, very strong as we've come to expect with PACCAR a bit. Ron and Bob, when you sit back and think about kind of the concerns you have out there, whether they're within your control or outside your control, can you just maybe walk through the 1 or 2 items that consume that part of your day the most?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes. The -- it's sort of business as usual. It's -- there's always challenges day to day, week to week. But the opportunities we continue to focus on investing in our business throughout the business cycle, continue to focus on rigorous cost control, continue to focus on managing our plant metrics, our warehouse capabilities so that we're prepared in the good markets, the challenging markets. And so we're just -- we'll just stay focused that they. It's how we operate our business and that's how we'll continue to approach it.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Absolutely. And it's a very rigid dividend. But said otherwise, there's no one kind of outstanding issue that's consuming more of your time than any other?
Ronald E. Armstrong: No. I'd say, at this point, nothing that stands out. That's a real challenge or that's a real opportunity. It's pretty steady, it's pretty focused in all facets of our business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Kauffman from Buckingham Research.
Jeffrey Asher Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: I got to tell you, most of my questions have been answered by this point, so let me just throw one on the balance sheet. What level of cash do you like to keep optimally? You mentioned the dividend increase, you mentioned the share repurchase authorization, but you have reduced your capital spending, the R&D is coming down and you're sitting with roughly $2.6 billion of cash and marketable securities. What's the right level of cash to be sitting on?
Ronald E. Armstrong: I feel very comfortable with where we're at. Currently, you look back at history and the relationship of cash to our total balance sheet, where we're really sort of where we've historically been. And so we're quite comfortable with that. And as we said, we just upped our regular dividend payout and we'll continue to evaluate the opportunity for additional returns to shareholders in the forms of special dividends and/or share buybacks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Wilhelm from Puget Sound.
Steve Wilhelm: This is actually Puget Sound, it's Steve Wilhelm. This is pretty much Renton focused. The 2 things I wanted to ask about in terms of the distribution center, could you say a little bit more about why you're doing it and how much it will cost? I mean, how many people it will employ and when it will be done?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, we have a distribution center in Renton currently. It's about half the size of the proposed facility. And it's just -- the level of parts distribution activity in Northwest United States and Western Canada has increased, and so it's time to support that increased business activity. Our dealers continue to invest and reinvest in their businesses and add new locations. And so that increases the parts opportunity. So we won't see a significant change in employment levels because we -- just the distribution center employees will move from their current location to the new location. And as we continue to grow, there'll be some incremental employment as time goes on but it's not a significant amount of additional.
Steve Wilhelm: How many are there now and how much are you investing on this?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes. I don't know those numbers right off the top of my head, Steve.
Steve Wilhelm: Okay. If I could find out later, that would be great. And then secondly, in terms of the -- well, all right, in terms of the Renton plant of the factory, what's the -- how many people are there and what's the status of production with the increases, in general? If I remember right, I thought you were building specialty trucks there mostly. And are you going to be building any long-haul trucks again or not, kind of what's -- where is that going?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Continue -- the folks in that plant continues to be specialty trucks. And just as we have done in our other facilities in North America, Renton is also being able to increase its build rates somewhat here during this period of strong order demand. So good for the Renton campus, our Renton campus group.
Steve Wilhelm: Could you -- well, you put a number on a couple in terms of Brazil. Could you say how many trucks you're producing a month or something? How much that's gone up and maybe how many people?
Ronald E. Armstrong: So again, I don't have all those details, but we can come back to you on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Raso from ISI Group.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Just a quick question on the truck deliveries in Europe. Obviously, seasonally, we go down the third quarter, but just to have a better feel about how we're looking at the current order book and how you're thinking about deliveries for fourth quarter in Europe. Are we back above the 10,000 level for the fourth quarter? Just trying to think about extrapolation sequentially off what I'd suspect will be the bottom of the build schedule during this year's third quarter.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes. Dave, we're -- we continue to be a build-to-order company. And if we get the orders, we will build them. We feel positive about the potential for additional trucks in the fourth quarter, but it's too soon to have a clear indication of whether that's the case or not.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Well, I guess asked another way. I mean, earlier, the comment was -- was it, is it macro versus what's in the order book. I mean, can you give us some feel for orders on hand for the fourth quarter, just so we have an idea how much is macro, new orders, independent versus what's already there.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes. It's just -- it's mostly macro. It's based on sort of economic trends and the opportunities that we see there. It's not the order book as it exists today.
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Ken Hastings: I'd like to thank everyone for their excellent questions. And thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Robin E. Easton - Treasurer Ronald E. Armstrong - Chief Executive Officer and Director Robert J. Christensen - President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Andrew Buscaglia - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Ross P. Gilardi - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Neil Frohnapple - Longbow Research LLC Jeffrey Asher Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Alexander E. Potter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research, LLC Sara Majors
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded, and if anyone has an objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Robin Easton, PACCAR's Treasurer. Mr. Easton, please go ahead.
Robin E. Easton: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Robin Easton, Treasurer of PACCAR, and joining me this morning are Ron Armstrong, Chief Executive Officer; Bob Christensen, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Barkley, Vice President, Controller. [Operator Instructions] Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Ron Armstrong.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Good morning. PACCAR reported improved revenues and net income for the first quarter of 2014. PACCAR's first quarter sales and Financial Services revenues were $4.4 billion, and quarterly net income was $274 million and after-tax return on revenues of 6.3%. Net income increased 16% compared to the results generated in the first quarter last year. I'm very proud of our 21,700 employees who have delivered industry-leading products and services to our customers worldwide. 2014 marks another major milestone for PACCAR, with Peterbilt celebrating its 75th anniversary. The company's 75-year tradition of excellence and innovation has established an uncompromising focus to deliver the highest levels of product quality, customer satisfaction and return on investment. PACCAR delivered 31,800 trucks during the first quarter, a 4% increase versus the first quarter last year and in line with our expectations. The improvement reflects increased truck deliveries in the U.S. and Canada due to the ongoing replacement of the aging truck population and improving construction in automotive sectors. Looking ahead, we expect to increase truck deliveries in the second quarter by 8% to 10% compared to the first quarter. Second quarter gross margins should be somewhat higher than the first quarter, reflecting the benefits of higher production levels and improved operating efficiency. It is encouraging that housing starts in the U.S. are over 900,000 units, and there's growth in nonresidential construction. Other good economic news is that U.S. auto production should be around 16 million vehicles this year. These positive trends should benefit truck demand in North America. U.S. and Canadian Class 8 industry truck retail sales are estimated to be in the range of 220,000 to 240,000 units this year, up from 212,000 units in 2013. The stronger market reflects ongoing replacement demand and some expansion in industry fleet capacity due to continued strong freight fundamentals. Industry truck orders for the U.S. and Canada in the first quarter were 80,000 units. Economic news in Europe is trending positively, with GDP growth expectations for this year of 1%. Freight in Germany, as measured by the amount index, has risen 5% compared to the same period last year. Europe's greater than 16-tonne market is projected to be in a range of 200,000 to 230,000 units. Customers in Europe accelerated purchases of Euro 5 vehicles in the second half of last year and are adjusting to the increased prices of Euro 6 trucks. Production of DAF trucks in Brazil is progressing, with production levels expected to increase gradually through 2014. PACCAR's Parts business generated quarterly revenues of $727 million, a 9% increase compared to $667 million in the same quarter of the prior year. PACCAR Parts' quarterly pretax income was $112 million, an increase of 18% compared to the $95 million earned in the first quarter of 2013. The strong results were driven by increased freight tonnage, improved fleet utilization and the many innovative products and services offered by PACCAR Parts. PACCAR Financial Services revenues were $294 million in the first quarter, comparable to a year ago. PACCAR Financial's first quarter pretax income was $86 million compared to $80 million earned a year ago. The improved results benefited from growth in asset balances and excellent portfolio performance. PACCAR's strong balance sheet and positive cash flow have enabled the company to invest over $2.2 billion in new products and facilities in the last 3 years. PACCAR began production of the new vocational Kenworth T880 and that Peterbilt Model 567 trucks in late 2013. These new vehicles expand PACCAR's offering in the construction, utility and refuse markets and complement the Kenworth T680 and Peterbilt Model 579 on-highway trucks launched in 2012. The launch of the new DAF XF, CF and LF Euro 6 vehicles in 2013 strengthen's DAF's position as the leading provider of integrated transport solutions. PACCAR's capital spending of $300 million to $350 million this year is targeted at enhanced powertrain development and increased operating efficiency of our assembly facilities. Research and development expenses are estimated to be in a range of $200 million to $250 million. PACCAR continues to enhance its leadership position in the global truck market by developing the highest-quality products and services in the industry and by investing in new geographic regions. Thank you. I'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jamie Cook from Crédit Suisse.
Andrew Buscaglia - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Actually this is Andrew on behalf of Jamie. So I just have a quick question. Can you just comment quickly on your parts business in the quarter? And what you're seeing particularly across each region?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes, the Parts business had good growth, I'd say slightly a little bit stronger in the U.S. and Canadian markets compared to some of our other markets, but good growth in really all regions for the quarter. And I think that's evidence of the improving freight conditions that we've seen both in North America and Europe.
Andrew Buscaglia - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Then just along those lines, with the -- given how the U.S. has trended going forward, what do you guys see for the remainder of the year in terms of just the North American market?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Are you talking about the truck market or the parts business?
Andrew Buscaglia - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, trucks.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Our projection for U.S. and Canada is in the range of 220,000 to 240,000 units. And so we're thinking that the market will progressively improve as we go through the year and we have -- and we talked about our planned production increase of 8% to 10% in the second quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Volkmann from Jeffries.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I'm going to drill in a little if you let me on this production increase of 8% to 10% in the second quarter. Can you just give us a rough magnitude of how that breaks down sort of, U.S. versus Europe, and then maybe even heavy versus medium, if you would?
Ronald E. Armstrong: I'd say, on the heavy versus medium, I would say that the increases are comparable across those categories. And in terms of geography, I'd say the increase in the U.S. and Canada is probably a little bit higher than that average percentage, and Europe is a little bit below that.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Can you talk a little bit, I think historically, once we hit some sort of inflection point, I'm not sure really where that is but we would expect to get a little bit better pricing as you start to build the backlog further out, are we there yet? Is that happening or is it maybe something different this cycle? Just any comment on that.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, I think, as we've progressed through the market, we continue to work closely with our customers and be very competitive in the marketplace, providing the best solutions. You look at things like our industry-leading residual values, allows us to provide a very competitive price to our customers with the lowest operating life cycle costs of any of the manufacturers. And so we can provide a very attractive proposition, and we'll continue to gauge the market and price accordingly.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: All right, maybe more simply then, is pricing up year-over-year or flat or down?
Ronald E. Armstrong: I would say it's maybe up a bit.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi from Bank of America.
Ross P. Gilardi - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I would just wonder if you talk a little bit more about Europe, some of your other competitors have kind of suggested things, maybe slightly better, could you talk a little bit more about DAF orders during the quarter?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Sure, as we transition from Euro 5 to Euro 6, I'd say orders started off in the first quarter, soft in January, we've seen progressive improvement through February and through March, and we discussed some good momentum as we head through the rest of the year so we feel good about DAF's continued strong position in the European market.
Ross P. Gilardi - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then just shifting to Brazil, I mean, obviously, the economy faces challenges there. Is it making it tougher for you to gain traction there? Many of your peers seem to be complaining about the slowing environment and pricing pressure, obviously you're kind of starting more from a ground zero position, but what's your thoughts on Brazil?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes, I think Brazilian market does have its challenges but as you mentioned, we're in a startup mode, really focused on getting our production, our distribution network well-established, doing it all right first time, if you will. And so market conditions aren't as significant to us and we'll continue to progress in our build plans, shouldn't affect our plans for 2014.
Ross P. Gilardi - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just lastly, I'm just wondering, could you give a little more color on why you think orders have been so strong in North America so far year-to-date? What are you hearing about -- from customers on the sustainability? Is the issue that your customers are finally getting pricing power for the first time in a long time and therefore are more willing to invest, but anything you provide there will be helpful.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think, it's a matter of confidence. You look at the customers today and over the past years, there's been a lot of uncertainty about how significant the economic improvements might be and what might the government do. And I think some of the positive things that the government was able to achieve in the fourth quarter last year, with solid budget plans without stopping the government. And so I think people feel better about the ability to support, keeping their trucks active and being able to get fair rates off to get for their business. So I think it's a matter of confidence.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Kaplowitz from Barclays.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Can I ask you about your other revenues? You talked and broken it up in the past about geography, maybe if you could do that again. The number sequentially continued to come down a little bit. Has there been an impact on you Russia business and is Mexico still kind of weak, when it comes down to it?
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think there is some softness in Mexico. We saw their economic situation was challenging in the second half of last year, but I think we're starting to see some signs of recovery in that market and Australia has been up and down a little bit with the effects of the mining industry, but starting to see some solid business there. So I think we see some of the other markets starting to show some positive signs.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, and then maybe can you talk about the penetration of the new products that you had over the last 6 months, a lot of vocational trucks? I would assume that they come with modestly higher margins and maybe you could talk about the overall construction market and its receptivity to these trucks. Have you seen a pretty good growth rate out of these trucks here in the early going?
Robert J. Christensen: This is Bob Christensen. So the impact of productions with our new models, at Kenworth and Peterbilt, is about 50% new model production. Of course, DAF is almost 100% with our new Euro 6. With respect to the vocational market, we're seeing strong growth in the overall market, and both Kenworth and Peterbilt have high penetration levels. And so we're selling a lot more vocational trucks than we have over the last 3 or 4 years, and that's good for PACCAR and good for our customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I'm wondering if you could talk about the margin ramp over the course of the year, presumably as Europe ramps up, margins should improve each quarter sequentially from here. But can you just help us with the order of magnitude for improvement in the second quarter? Can you come close to the 13% gross margins you were delivering last year? Do you need a healthier European truck production environment before we could talk about that margin range?
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think we see second margins probably improving somewhere in the 20 to 40 basis point range for the second quarter, continue to be able to leverage our cost structure. DAF in the first quarter transitioned its production from roughly 15% Euro 6 vehicles to 80% Euro 6 vehicles. And so that transition now is done, and DAF -- the DAF team did a tremendous job of really transitioning that product line and achieving great production efficiency as they transition. And so we will continue to see -- depends on the market conditions and et cetera, but we're well-positioned to the extent that we're able to continue to increase our production levels, we'll achieve some level of operating efficiency with that.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And in Brazil, I know you're all-makes parts business is it a big part of distributor build out strategy? Is that a significant part of the parts franchise where you can give us a sense for how that's going and just give us, if you could and update on the broader distributor build out there?
Robert J. Christensen: So the Parts business will start slow in Brazil and will build out over a long period of time. Certainly, the all-makes program that you refer to is an important part of our strategy. We have 20 dealer locations in Brazil, and they are all beginning to sell both trucks and parts. But it's going to be a slow ramp-up over the next several quarters, if not years.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And from a capital deployment standpoint, Ron, I think you in the past spoken about a 45% to 50% net income payout ratio, is that still the way to think about business and any other capital uses that we should be thinking about?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Obviously, first point of investment is back into our products and our services and our facilities to make sure that we can continue to provide the best trucks and the industry leading operating efficiencies that we're accustomed to. Our payout ratio has been in the range that you talked about, but obviously that's a matter that's reviewed and discussed with the board over time. And so we'll continue to monitor that and adjust our capital deployment strategies as we go forward.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, and lastly, think you did nudge down your CapEx and R&D outlook for the year, can you just give us a sense for what's driving you, I guess, to the lower end of the previous range?
Robert J. Christensen: Yes, as we look at specific things that we're doing, and we continue to invest strongly in our products and our services. And so, as we look at where we're at and where we're going, just felt like we're probably going to be at the lower end of those prior ranges as we look forward, there's a lot of things that we're looking at, as we go forward to maintain a strong, steady flow of new products and services and keep improving our warehouse and plant operating efficiency.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer from Vertical Research.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: So just a quick question on the gross margin in the quarter, which is lower than it's been for a long time and the overall margins weren't all that bad obviously, but curious as to whether that was the pass through the European price increase or that was mix in the U.S. Maybe if you just give some color around it, maybe you didn't see this all that bad, and just wanted your take.
Ronald E. Armstrong: We feel good about how the teams performed around the world. In Europe, the Euro 6 product, as I mentioned, was a higher percentage of our deliveries in the first quarter, and with that comes a -- about a 15% average price increase for the price of a Euro 6 truck and we were able to recover that cost increase but the ability to make a margin on that increase was challenging just given the transition in the competitive environment that we were placed with in Europe.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay, great. And then if you could just comment on, if you're willing, on the margin environment in U.S. Perhaps it was more big fleet deliveries than it will be for the rest of the year, I don't know if it's an abnormally fleet driven quarter?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Margins are solid, our teams are doing well and we're competing very well in the marketplace. So we feel good about where we're at in North America with margin-wise.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just following up on an earlier question on Europe, I mean, the trends there do seem to be a little bit better-than-expected. Is there something that you're seeing that's preventing you from raising your market outlook for the European market this year or you're just trying to be conservative?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes, we didn't feel like there was enough evidence at this point to raise our outlook because there's a mix of Euro 5 and Euro 6 trucks that are being registered and delivered to customers right now. And so we felt like we'll continue to monitor that as we always do. We'll be smarter in 90 days than we are today, and we'll modify our market estimates as we see fit based on how things develop. But we didn't feel like there's enough evidence, probably, change at this point.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, understood. I guess, follow-up question on the MX 13, can you give us the penetration there on the Kenworth and Peterbilts, and just an update on where you are with the capacity?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes, the MX is 35% to 40% of our build for Kenworth and Peterbilt heavy duty trucks. And we continue to support the production and have all the great shape from a capacity standpoint and lots of opportunity to continue to grow that penetration within our product line.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ted Grace from Susquehanna.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: The first question I have was a follow-up on Jerry's. He'd asked about the operating margins relative to a year ago. Ron, you mentioned you thought you could expand them 20 to 40 basis points, was that a sequential comment or a year-on-year comment?
Ronald E. Armstrong: That's a sequential comment.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then as it relates to Europe, can you just bifurcate how you're thinking about kind of the U.K. versus of the continent in terms of end-market improvements in 2014?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes, so the U.K. and the Netherlands had their -- they follow one set of Euro 5, Euro 6 transition rules. The other markets followed a different set and so you saw in the first quarter registrations, the U.K. the Netherlands were down and those were markets where DAF has a market leadership presence and on the continent, Germany, France, Spain, had increases again because they had different transition rules for Euro 6. So I think we'll see that the Europe -- or that the U.K. and the Netherlands will accelerate in terms of total market because U.K. economy is good and the Dutch economy is starting to show signs of improvement as well.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful, then the last thing before I get back in queue, over the last couple of years, the first quarter has tended to be the most weighted on SG&A, is that progression you should look forward or repeat itself in 2014 or might there be any change in that normal pattern?
Ronald E. Armstrong: No, I think that's probably what you should think about it. The SG&A numbers will be comparable to a little bit down, maybe as you progressed through the rest of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Raso from ISI Group.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: First a clarification, when you said margin is up 20 to 40 bps, 1Q to 2Q, that was gross margins, not operating, correct?
Ronald E. Armstrong: That's gross margins, correct.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: That were 2 different answers, so gross margins. On the production, the first and second quarter just hopping between a lot of calls today, my apologies, can you re -- say -- state again the production changes first quarter to second quarter, and then an answer to an earlier question, North America versus Europe? Can you just repeat that, please?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Our expectation is for overall production to be up 8% to 10% in the second quarter compared to first with slightly above average -- above that average in the U.S. and Canada and slightly below that average in Europe.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And we don't have the detail yet about the truck sales with the breakdown, some I'm going off of more kind of total geographic revenue, so I apologize, but does that seem to imply that we're going to be up in Europe again year-over-year in revenues in the 2Q?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Again remember that the Euro 6 vehicles, the average sales price for a Euro 6 truck is about 15% higher than a Euro 5 vehicle. So that's part of the equation.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Maybe that's my question, sorry to interrupt, when you say production, I'm thinking unit production, you're speaking in revenues.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes, production and deliveries are the same for us.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's a distinction, so it's the pricing, which is particularly help a sequential Europe. Are units going up sequentially 1Q to 2Q?
Ronald E. Armstrong: They are, yes. So when I talk about a the 8% to 10%, that is units.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, so that was different than what you just said it. 8% to 10%, North America up more, Europe up a little less, is that as units or is it including the pricing from Euro 6, I apologize, to be clear.
Ronald E. Armstrong: That is units.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: That's interesting, so if units are up that much and then the pricing on top of it, as I assume that's even a lower heavier mix Euro 6 in the first quarter say you had some Euro 5 going out to start the quarter, the year-over-year growth in Europe sounds healthy in 2Q, North America strong, I do appreciate you not getting any margin on that Euro 6 price increase, but with that backdrop, the gross margin still seem to be a little more challenging you would have thought. So just trying to flesh out why the gross margin is going to be, let's just take the exact comment, 20 to 40 bps at only 12.3%, why would that not be up more? I'm just trying to be clear. Is there something about North America or, is it look we're just not getting any incremental margin on that Euro 6 pricing?
Ronald E. Armstrong: I mean, there's not an incremental margin on the Euro 6 pricing as we said here today. As we progress through the year, the market improves, it could be an opportunity.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So the last question related to that, do we expect the gross margin to be up year-over-year at all in this year, meaning third quarter or fourth quarter, without the second quarter is implied, it's down year-over-year again?
Robert J. Christensen: I think as we look for I think -- as we see here today, that the margin this year will be comparable over the prior year but that will depend on how the markets progress, how the pricing situation progresses, et cetera, so there's a lot of variables in that equation.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, so we get back to full year the same, we do need a little bit of growth somewhere year-over-year in the second half?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes, right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neil Frohnapple from Longbow Research.
Neil Frohnapple - Longbow Research LLC: A follow up to Seth's question on the MX engine, part segment pretax margins were up record level in the quarter, just wondering if you're starting to see benefits from the increased MX penetration rate that's occurred over the last few years, or is tailwind that still -- could still be to come?
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think it's still to come. It's obviously the more engines we have in the part, the more opportunity we have for parts sales. But that's still developing, that part is up to 55,000 engines that we've put into Peterbilt and Kenworth vehicles. And so it's a great story but one that there's still a lot more upside as we progress.
Neil Frohnapple - Longbow Research LLC: Got it. And then sorry if I missed this but can you provide a breakdown of the new truck deliveries by geographic region in the quarter? I think you mentioned 31,800 for a total company, but just wondering if you can provide more granularity between Europe and North America?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Sure, so for U.S. and Canada, 18,600 units; Europe, 9,300 and rest of world, 3,900.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Kauffman from Buckingham.
Jeffrey Asher Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Actually, lot of my questions have been answered so I'll just follow-up on an earlier clarification. The gross margins that you mentioned, you're just not getting gross margin on the increase in Europe, but that doesn't explain the full amount, and it looks like gross margins are trailing down 50, 60, 70 basis points. Is there anything else in there that's kind of complicating that analysis?
Ronald E. Armstrong: No, I don't think so. Obviously, we're in the startup mode in Brazil but I think it's -- we feel good about where we're at and the margins are solid.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Potter from Piper Jaffray.
Alexander E. Potter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: First of all, I guess I have kind of high-level philosophical question here, and I guess you kind of break it into 2 parts. Number one, do you think over the next 2, 3, 5 years there's going to be a higher percentage of fleet buyers as a result of our service and everything else pushing these smaller fleets and owner operators out of the market. That's part 1, and part 2 of the question is, if so, do you think that, that's going to drive, I guess, lower peaks and higher values or less kind of amplitude of the truck cycle as we go forward?
Ronald E. Armstrong: I mean, I guess, we've seen that trend with fewer owner operators, more fleet buyers in the market over the last 5, 6, 7 years, will it continue or is it to a point where it's about where it's going to be, I don't know but we're ready to be able to flex to whatever -- however, the market evolves. I think we've seen customers being very prudent in their purchasing habits over the last 2 or 3 years, as there's been uncertainty. Will that lead to less volatility? I don't know. But clearly, I think buyers of trucks have exercised restraint, if you will, as they lack the clarity of their ability to put trucks into operation and maintain those, and I think we're seeing improved confidence in that realm. And so, as backlogs get extended whether that changes, we'll see how that develops.
Alexander E. Potter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay, and then I guess the last question here is shift on natural gas, I was wondering if you could give a quick update also if possible, what percentage of your production approximately right now is natural gas?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, we continue to be the leader in the natural gas business, but it continues to be very much a niche market. It's probably 1% to 2% of our production, is what we see and what the industry is seeing. And so as we look forward for the near future, it will continue to be a niche market, one that we're prepared to serve, but not a major element.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Group from Wolfe Research.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research, LLC: So I know there have been a lot of questions on the gross margin. I want to ask one on the operating margin. So if I kind of plug in what you guys are kind implying for revenue and gross margin, it's tough for me to see much operating margin or any operating margin improvement in the second quarter, and I know you saw good operating margin improvement in the first quarter. So just wondering, does that sound about right with the way you guys are thinking about it?
Robert J. Christensen: I don't have those numbers lined up in front of me but -- so I think as we look at our R&D spending range, or SG&A, so we feel second quarter we'll see numbers comparable to the first quarter in those areas. And so I think -- the operating margin probably, would be in terms of trend, similar to what the gross margin has trended from first to second quarter.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay, that makes sense. In terms of share, down maybe just a little bit year-over-year, I know it can be choppy, but how are you thinking about Class 8 share going forward the rest of the year?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Obviously Peterbilt and Kenworth have some great new products that they've launched in the last 6 to 18 months and those markets have -- gained great acceptance with our customers. As we continue to add additional features and elements that the market expects, then we'll continue to grow that. So Peterbilt and Kenworth are in great shape. Market share has been very consistent over the last 2 or 3 years and we think there's more upside as they continue to get more customers in these new trucks.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research, LLC: And then just last one, if we go back historically after a new big product launch, where there a new technology or regulation, where the cost of the truck goes up a lot, how quickly do you, after that, is it 1 quarter or 2 quarters a year before you can start to make a little bit of a margin on that price increase?
Ronald E. Armstrong: I mean, it's really dependent on the market conditions. And so if there's a improvement in market demand, that opportunity can present itself. But if you recall in 2010, it's a big increase, and it takes a while to work through that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sara Majors from Wells Fargo Securities.
Sara Majors: I'm on for Andy Casey. Most of our questions have been asked and answered, but I wanted to explore the pricing pressure question a little bit more. I know you had said that pricing was up a bit but could you give us a little bit more color on how pricing trends are geographically either U.S. and Canada and then European market? And then how competitive are those in the market versus the recent past?
Ronald E. Armstrong: So I think we talked about Europe, that the pricing is up, consistent with the additional content that's added with Euro 6 and in North America. We're looking at small price realization enhancements as the market allows but it's a very competitive -- it's always competitive, I mean, that's the nature of our business and there's -- you always look to have the best value looking at the opportunity to provide your customers the best transportation solution and that includes operating costs, residual values, and we think we have a great solution for our customers.
Sara Majors: I mean, and in the U.S. and Canada, what's the competitive environment surrounding pricing right now?
Robert J. Christensen: It's always competitive. In all markets. It's what we do. And so we have great new products and great dealers and excited employees and we're pushing ahead and making inroads with new fleets that are appreciating the new Kenworth and Peterbilt models. And, but, for as long as I've been here, it's always competitive.
Operator: There are no questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Robin E. Easton: I'd like to thank everyone for their excellent questions. And thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-31 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Robin E. Easton - Treasurer Mark C. Pigott - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Robert J. Christensen - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division Michael Shlisky - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company Jeffrey Asher Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Timothy Denoyer Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research, LLC Brian Sponheimer - G. Research, Inc. Tim Robinson - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded, and if anyone has an objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Robin Easton, PACCAR's Treasurer. Mr. Easton, please go ahead.
Robin E. Easton: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Robin Easton, Treasurer of PACCAR. And joining me this morning are Mark Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ron Armstrong, President; Bob Christensen, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President; and Michael Barkley, Vice President, Controller. [Operator Instructions] Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Mark Pigott.
Mark C. Pigott: Good morning. It's a pleasure to share that in 2013, PACCAR achieved record annual revenues and earned our third best annual net income. For the year, PACCAR reported record revenues of $17.1 billion. Net income was $1.170 billion, an increase of 5% versus a year ago. 2013 was PACCAR's 75th consecutive year of earning a net income. Having been at the helm of this great company for each of the top 10 years for revenue and net income, I can say that each year has its own unique path. What is consistent is the quality and determination of our 22,000 employees, who delivered industry-leading products and services to our customers every day. PACCAR reported strong revenues and net income for the fourth quarter of 2013. PACCAR's fourth quarter sales and Financial Services revenue were $4.6 billion, and quarterly net income was $334 million and after-tax return on revenues of 7.3%. This was the best quarterly net income since the first quarter of 2007. Net income increased 32% compared to results generated in the fourth quarter last year. Positive contribution of all the company segments enables PACCAR to attain the highest operating margins in our industry and to deliver excellent shareholder returns while investing during all phases of the business cycle. PACCAR declared cash dividends of $1.70 per share last year, an 8% increase compared to 2012. PACCAR's total return to shareholders was 34.9% last year, and stockholder equity at year-end was a record $6.6 billion. PACCAR delivered 36,400 trucks during the fourth quarter, a 3% increase versus the third quarter. The improvement reflects increased European truck deliveries as customers purchased trucks ahead of the January 1, 2014 implementation of the Euro 6 regulations. PACCAR began production of many new vocational vehicles in the fourth quarter, the Peterbilt Model 567, the Kenworth T880 and DAF CF and LF Euro 6 models. In addition, we began production of the new PACCAR MX-11 diesel engine for Europe. This engine is planned to be available in Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks in 2015. We expect to increase truck deliveries in the first quarter by 5% compared to a year ago. A major highlight during the fourth quarter was the start of production at DAF's new truck assembly plant in Brazil. This wonderful accomplishment was due to the efforts of many PACCAR employees worldwide. Truck production of the DAF facility is planned to gradually increase over the next 18 to 24 months. DAF has a long-term market share goal in Brazil of 20%. Brazil truck market above 6 tonnes was 149,000 vehicles last year and is expected to be at comparable levels this year. Peterbilt and Kenworth achieved excellent market share of 28% in the U.S. and Canadian heavy-duty truck market last year. Industry retail truck sales totaled 212,000 units. U.S. and Canadian Class 8 industry truck retail sales are estimated to be in the range of 210,000 to 240,000 units this year, reflecting ongoing replacement demand and some expansion of the industry fleet. For the full year, DAF achieved record market share of 16.2% in the above 16-tonne European truck market, which totaled 240,000 units last year. Looking at this year, we're encouraged by the improved GDP growth of the eurozone, which should benefit the truck market. Excluding the effects of the pre-buy, which is estimated at 20,000 to 30,000 units, we anticipate that the European industry truck sales could be slightly higher this year. Switching to parts. PACCAR Parts business generated record quarterly revenues of $730 million, a 9% increase compared to $671 million in the same quarter of the prior year. PACCAR Parts quarterly pretax income was $105 million, an increase of 12% compared to $94 million earned in the fourth quarter 2012. The excellent results were driven by strong freight tonnage, improved fleet utilization and the many innovative products and services offered by PACCAR Parts. For the full year, PACCAR Parts achieved record revenues of over $2.8 billion. PACCAR Financial Services revenue were $300 million in the fourth quarter compared to $298 million a year ago. PACCAR Financial's fourth quarter pretax income was a record $90 million compared to $79 million earned a year ago. The excellent results benefited from growth in asset balances and continuing strong portfolio performance. For the full year, PACCAR Financial Services earned record pretax income of $340 million. Many records last year. PACCAR's capital spending of $350 million to $400 million this year is targeted at enhanced powertrain development and increased operating efficiency of our assembly facilities. R&D expenses are estimated to be in the range of $225 million to $275 million. On a personal note, I'd like to say thanks for the excellent questions that you have generously asked on our quarterly calls during the last 17 years. It's an honor and a privilege to work at PACCAR, and I appreciate your interest in the company as you tour our wonderful factories and meet our outstanding employees. Thank you. Pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jamie Cook from Crédit Suisse.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. Just, one, you talked about deliveries, I think, being up 5% in the first quarter. Can you talk about what you expect the mix is versus -- U.S. versus Europe? And then, I guess, also any color you're seeing in order trends in Europe as we look to January, given the strong pre-buy that we had. And then my last question, how are you thinking about the ability to improve margins in 2014 over '13, given your retail sales forecast?
Mark C. Pigott: Okay. Let's start with margins. We think margins for the first quarter will be comparable to about a year ago.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Is that on gross or operating?
Robert J. Christensen: Gross.
Mark C. Pigott: Gross margins. And in terms of production, first quarter versus fourth quarter probably will be down about 10%, and most of that is in Europe. But as I say year-on-year, production will be up about 5%, so we're pleased with that. And as the year goes on, we look for some steady improvement in the margin side. All of Kenworth, Peterbilt, DAF are all doing a very good job, and all the new products that we've been working on for the last 3, 4 years seem to be met with very strong market reception. Customers like it. They're delivering all the attributes we wanted. And I think when we will look at things like record market share at DAF it's a very positive signal for the company.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess, just last question, how do you feel about your ability to pass through -- fully pass through the Euro 6 cost? And is that margin accretive? Is the margin dilutive?
Mark C. Pigott: Initially, I think we've been able to do it reasonably well. And, obviously, that's our goal, and it's been our goal every year or 2 as we have new environmental regulations to comply with. So that's certainly something that I think we're becoming quite proficient at incorporating into our designs and working with our dealers to pass through most of that additional cost.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Volkmann from Jefferies.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Wondering if I can switch over to Brazil. And I know you mentioned that you sort of see gradually improving production rates down there. I guess, I'm just trying to sort of maybe get a little bit sharper pencil on that. Really, what I'm trying to get at is thinking about the impact on profitability in 2014. I assume it's a drag, as it was in '13, but less of a drag. And I don't know -- as we end the year, is that business breakeven? Or is that too optimistic?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, the good news is we're doubling production in a week or so from 1 truck to 2 trucks a day. That's always positive.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Can you do that every day?
Mark C. Pigott: If you've got the magic wand, we'd be interested. So that's -- it's going well. Obviously, it's a multiple-year program as we gradually ramp up production, but we're encouraged during the early days. And I think as we get towards the end of the year, certainly, we hope to be at least breakeven at the facility. So I think your analysis is accurate.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then, I guess, just back on Europe for a second and then I'll pass it on. The registration data in Europe was huge in December, much bigger than what your revenues might suggest. And, I guess, I'm trying to figure out just how this whole cadence worked. Was there some inventory build that happened and then things got registered out of inventory in the fourth quarter? Or -- it doesn't look like your market share changed in any negative way. I think it was actually up a little bit, so...
Mark C. Pigott: Our market share is a record. In fact, we've got very strong market share in the fourth quarter and in December for DAF, over 17%. And so we're very, very pleased with that.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: So did you sell a bunch out of inventory in the fourth quarter?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, we -- the pre-buy started in the third quarter, and inventories increased at the end of the third and during the fourth. But as we got to the end of the fourth, a lot of those trucks started to be delivered to customers, registered, and so we finished very strongly.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I got it. And then is there some delivery potential in the first quarter that's still sort of Euro 5? Or was it sort of a hard stop on January 1?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes. That's a good question. Really, as we look through this year, we probably have about 20% of our production will be Euro 5, primarily for markets outside of Western Europe. So that will be ongoing for a number of years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Casey from Wells Fargo Securities.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions, mostly, surprisingly around Europe. Earlier in the week, different manufacturers talked about a difficult pricing environment. Are you seeing that?
Mark C. Pigott: No. I think the pricing environment is pretty steady. If anything, it might be a little bit better. I'm not sure who you're talking about. We've increased share. Some of our competitors might have lost a little bit of share, which might have some impact on them. But our products are very well-received. We're having a lot of great truck shows. The dealers are excited about it. And our goal is to continue to have the best products in the industry and gain a little bit of share every year. So we're -- pricing is reasonable.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. It was a Scandinavian, soon-to-be German competitor. And then second, if memory serves, the U.K. had an earlier stop in terms of the Euro 6 transition, like September time frame. We're now a few months past there. Have you seen any improvement in the demand, given that the economy is doing pretty well?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, the economy, they're talking about over 2% GDP growth, I think, for the U.K. this year, which should be very healthy. Yes, they had a slightly different program in the U.K., and as a result, we still are delivering some Euro 6 and Euro 5 vehicles in the U.K. They seem to be very upbeat in the U.K. right now, which is encouraging. I know even on the car side, they're going to be well over 2 million units for the car industry. So...
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Have you seen a greater uptick in the Euro 6 appetite in the U.K. than other regions?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, I think there -- U.K. is always pretty forward-thinking in terms of embracing the new products. So I think our share, once again, went up in the U.K. as a marketplace, and the dealers are -- have embraced all our new products. But everybody -- in all the regions that we operate, this is every couple of year program. So I think the industry, the customers, the dealers have been through it in the last 10 years 3x. So they know the drill.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then switching over to U.S. and Canada. We've had, so far, kind of a muted cycle relative to the last 2, and we've had some recent volatility in the orders, 2 good months, 1 weaker relative month in between. How are you characterizing the cycle? I mean, is it...
Mark C. Pigott: I think we are on a steadily improving path. And a couple of reasons for that. First of all, in the fourth quarter, I'm talking about U.S. and Canada, the industry had a little over 70,000 orders, which is the best quarter since the first quarter of 2006. So that's quite a few years ago. Second, as you've seen, but just the macroeconomic data, the U.S. GDP growth in the fourth quarter was a little over 3%, which is good for all industries. And finally, as we talk with our customers, we just had our large dealer meetings, more and more fleets are saying they feel good about it. Construction is going to be -- home construction starts over 1 million, 16 million car production estimated this year. They're starting to say, "Let's start to replace our vehicles. We feel good about our own industry. We see our end customers are improving their business." So I think steadily improving path, positive. So we feel good about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Kaplowitz from Barclays.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Mark, can you talk about your Rest of World sales, your other sales? Those sales have continued to weaken a little bit sequentially. Do you think you are at the bottom in those markets now and you should actually start to grow again in '14? And maybe you could sort of parse out the regions for us and what you're seeing in the different regions.
Mark C. Pigott: Okay. We look at Rest of the World or -- we look at all these home markets. That's how we look at them. Russia continues to be a very strong growth story for us. And 3,900 units, primarily DAF and some Kenworth trucks in there, adding new dealers, very excited about that market. Taiwan, we're now the second largest market share in the sort of 16-tonne market, and that continues to grow. Mexico is down a little bit because of some, let's call it, economic changes that they're implementing, but we think that's starting to stabilize. Colombia, which is a very strong market for us for most of the last decade, has declined because they finished some major infrastructure projects. I think that's now probably at a stable platform, and hopefully, that will improve. Australia, actually, is improving again. It's been pretty good through all the last decade. So for us, we see that's a very important part of our business, and probably, we're -- we might be at the low point and look for some positive improvement there.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: That's helpful, Mark. And then maybe if I could shift to PACCAR Parts. For the year, you had about 6% growth, but your fleet continues to get larger. You've talked about adding distribution centers. You've added them. We're going to see some growth here in the overall aftermarket. So can we see some acceleration in that business in '14? And should we see some margin improvement still? I mean, it's been good margins, but it has been improving. But could we see that continue?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes. Well, I'm very proud of the team at Parts, record total revenues, $2.8 billion, and as you've indicated, they continue to grow. We're looking for some growth again this year of, hopefully, at least 5%. We did add a number of the Parts distribution centers. Our largest one in Eindhoven opened up about a year ago. And we continue to examine. Do we need additional one? We have a new PDC in Brazil connected with the factories. That's starting to -- its operations. So they're all -- these Parts guys are always coming up with very innovative ideas that we still -- we have a record truck market out there in terms of number of vehicles, and they're doing a very good job of growing the business into other businesses, whether it's competitive brands or bus business, trailer business. So that's a big driver for us, at least 5% growth this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan from JPMorgan.
Michael Shlisky - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's Mike Shlisky filling in for Ann. Kind of a 2-part question here on Brazil. Can you maybe share with us what market share of retail sales you expect to get by the end of the year in 2014? And then, I guess, part 2 of that would be, would production -- would the share of factory shipments be above retail for 2014, given the ramp here?
Robert J. Christensen: Yes. Our share -- it's early days, but 1% to 2%, I think, is a very reasonable target. And as soon as we get the orders in, we build them, we ship them, we sell them. So it's pretty quick process for us in Brazil.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Mark, a bit of an improvement in market share and financial position since '97, I think.
Mark C. Pigott: It's been a great company for 108 years, and it's just a great company going forward.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I'm wondering, Ron, if you could just talk about what are the biggest strategic priorities that you see for the business over the next 3 to 5 years. And obviously, we're building out the business in Brazil, but I'm wondering if you could just expand and talk about additional opportunities that you're evaluating.
Mark C. Pigott: Let me jump in on that. Probably, that'll be a great topic probably when I'm not actually in the seat. So let's kind of take that off-line.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Alright. Fair enough. Mark, for the Parts business, can you just talk about the trends that you're seeing in Europe? Obviously, everyone is focused on the pre-buy, but the underlying freight volumes have actually been really positive over the past couple of quarters. Are you seeing the same thing in your Parts business? And does that -- I guess, what does that mean for your expectations of production ramp over the course of the second quarter?
Mark C. Pigott: For Parts?
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Sorry, for trucks. So if the Parts business is picking up steam, presumably, we could see orders picking up for new trucks once we get through the overhang.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, Parts -- well, let's just start with Parts. But Parts in Europe is -- has done a very good job, and they said they've got some new infrastructure and new programs there. The dealers have completely embraced a lot of the new innovative program that they've introduced. So we're encouraged with Parts, and we think that'll have some growth this year. I think on the trucks side, everybody, the whole industry benefited from the pre-buy, and I think a number of the manufacturers are back to production levels that they were at about a year ago. And as Europe gets a positive GDP, we expect to gradually increase production.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And, Mark, in terms of the Parts performance of the quarter, was it stronger in Europe or in North America? Can you just give us some color?
Mark C. Pigott: It was pretty good all the way around, yes. Aren't they all? All the different areas made a good contribution.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And lastly, in the U.S., your trucking customers have had trouble pushing price increases or at least as anticipated in '13. I'm wondering if you could talk about what you're hearing from them about the pricing landscape for their business at this point as they set some of their annual contracts in the spring.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, I think, basically, the customers are doing well. Some of them have seen profits down from a year ago. Some have seen them up. But I think, overall, as the U.S. and Canadian economies achieve some strong GDP growth, I think that will be good for our customers, and I think they're optimistic. They've been through some tough times, but over the last year or 2 or 3, things are improving. So you're starting to see some pretty good results from a wide range of industries, and most of them have some sort of trucking impact in terms of deliveries or shipments or whatever. So I think our customers are feeling pretty good.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Tiss from Bank of Montreal.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: It's a shame you don't have the pleasure of Navistar competing in Europe. I'm sure they'll find a way to ship those '05 engines all the way out until '17.
Mark C. Pigott: I'm not sure.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I wonder if -- since you sound like you're being a little more generous than usual on trying to help us out, can you help us understand some of the mix implications for 2014? Because everyone's asking about margins. I think this would help to clear it up, the growth rate of Parts relative to Europe, relative to the U.S. and what all those pieces do for the mix.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I think the -- we're looking at, as I said, 5%-plus growth for Parts, and we expect to see that both in North America and in Europe. So I don't know what else I can really add in terms of that. Kenworth, Peterbilt, we're looking for steady growth in terms of increased production. DAF, we think we've covered in pretty much good detail. And we continue to have some growth outside of Western Europe, so that's encouraging. And to say we just launched a whole new range of vocational vehicles just in the last few months in Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF, and I think the timing appears to be very good as the, let's call it, the construction markets, different applications are starting to see some improved economics. So we feel good about that also.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Is the faster Kenworth, Peterbilt growth relative to DAF good for margins?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I think all of our truck groups have good margins. So we look to improve every one of our truck brands.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: All right. It was worth a try. And then even -- I guess, your seat is still warm, so I want to ask if there's any chance to use the balance sheet a little more aggressively. But is there any updated thinking? Lots of companies have piled up the cash, and they're looking at other ways to deploy it. And I know you spent a lot of time building out engines, and you're building out Brazil and the rest of the planet. Are there any other things on the horizon?
Mark C. Pigott: No. We've had strong return to our shareholders, very important platform for our company versus, say, 108 years, and that will continue to be a main driver for PACCAR. And we've had steady growth in our quarterly dividend program. And when appropriate, we've had the special dividend. And I think our cash position is pretty much in line with where it's been for a number of years. And yes, as you say, we have invested a lot in many parts of the world, and I think that'll start to really generate some positive benefits for the company over the next few years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher from UBS.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I just want to gauge your confidence in the 150,000 [ph] Brazil market forecast relative to your confidence in the growth of some of the other markets.
Mark C. Pigott: Last year, as you know, it's 149,000 [ph], and we said it's going to be comparable. We are increasing our production rates. As I mentioned, Brazil, certainly, has been in the news in the last few months about different macroeconomic policies. In terms of the effect on us, probably not that much because we're really just growing our business right now, people like the DAF products. Our dealers are investing and putting in new service locations throughout the country. Obviously, we track what's going on in a macro level, but we continue to invest in Brazil. And we look at this as a 50- to 100-year program, and we're excited about it.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: More of your own company actions are going to be more impactful than what overall market is there, it sounds like.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: On the vocational side of the new products you launched, at what point would you have a view on the traction that those new products are gaining in the marketplace?
Mark C. Pigott: I think we're having already a positive view just in the last month or so, and it's certainly very early days. Certainly, on the dealer side, on the customer side, we're starting to get some orders, and the product seems to be doing very, very well and meeting the expectations of what our customers expect. It's a little bit wider cap and very fuel-efficient, very comfortable and seem to be just what the customers are -- have been looking for.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer from Vertical Research.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: So just to expand on the comments earlier, you mentioned a little bit of a broadening recovery in the U.S. Construction across different types of machines had some pretty mixed results. What are your thoughts on whether you're actually starting to see a more sustained improvement in the construction, vocational, dumps, cement, all the different kinds of trucks serving the construction industry?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I think 2 major ones. One would be home construction. The other one that's been in the news, obviously, is with natural gas. Looking at home construction, it's rebounding at a reasonable rate. Everything that goes into a house is brought by a truck. A lot of trucks are in that business, whether it's steel, brick, glass, sofas, white goods, whatever. So that -- I think that is very encouraging on the natural gas exploration. That's -- I think it's been pretty stable to a little bit lower in the last year or 2. But I think home construction is very strong. And then on the cars, 16 million cars, trucks play a very important part of that. And moving componentry to factories, completed goods from factories to dealerships. So we're encouraged by that also.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay. Let me ask you a different question. Just you had a little bit of a pulse on the R&D with all the emissions, and you did seemingly a very, very successful launch [indiscernible] with the penetration-type [indiscernible] and everything. So really, really successful. And then R&D is coming down a little bit as a result. Do you think that this is sort of a temporary down and you've got a couple of ways of investment to come as more -- I mean, there's a little bit less tightness on the emission. There's always fuel economy. Or do you think that -- or that was the pulse before and we're at a new level at this point relative to sales?
Mark C. Pigott: You're talking about the R&D expenditures?
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Yes. That's right.
Mark C. Pigott: I think R&D -- we've had so many wonderful products and projects underway in the last 5-plus years, as we always do. We have a lot of programs going on right now. I think R&D might be a little bit lower this year than last year. As you say, we've concluded a lot of these programs. They're doing well and maybe a little bit lower for next year or so but still at a very steady rate.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of J. B. Groh from D.A. Davidson.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: I just had a question on -- I mean, you may have addressed this, but I apologize if you did. Can you give the penetration of the PACCAR engines in North America currently and sort of what your goals are there?
Mark C. Pigott: We did in sort of high-30%, 37%, 38%, and our goal is to keep growing it. I think as we look at the entire industry of last year for North America, as we mentioned this in the last year or so, the 13-liter, which is the engine that we have -- of course, we just introduced a new 11-liter for Europe, soon to be in North America. But 13-liter is about 50% of the market, and the 15-liter is about 50%. So that seems to be holding very true. And we think that the 13-liter will continue to grow, so we feel good about it. And we've now manufactured over 50,000 engines at our Mississippi factory, and it's doing well on the launch.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Good. And maybe one for Bob. Could you address what happened with that provision in Financial Services in the quarter? Is that just a true-up for the year? How did that work?
Robert J. Christensen: Yes, it really reflects just the timing of some recoveries on some previous charge-offs that we've had.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Going back to a question about your customers, fleet utilization is running very, very high. It's in the high-90% range. I mean, do you have a view of what the upward limit of that is? And do you get the sense that your customers are pushing that higher relative to prior cycles?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, yes. I think you're correct, it's probably mid-90s, low- to mid-90s. Sometimes it's a little hard to actually get an accurate number on fleet utilization. It's certainly higher than it's been because we've been through some challenging times. But starting a few years ago, I think fleets have focused on their improved fleet utilization. Obviously, there is an upper limit. It's hard to get more than 100%, but -- basic math. But -- and I think that's one of the positive drivers for our industry in terms of orders. And as I mentioned, fourth quarter was 70,000 units for the industry. That -- you get to mid-90s, and for a customer to grow, you've got to probably take on additional trucks. So I think that's another positive factor in our industry this year.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Maybe just separately on the smaller fleet, smaller customer, smaller fleet side, are you seeing anything with more available financing? And, obviously, PACCAR Financial or just across the industry, have you been noticing any loosening up towards the smaller operators?
Mark C. Pigott: I think there's pretty good financing available out there. Certainly, we've got a great program with PACCAR Financial. Then we have our leasing arm, which is doing pretty well and achieving strong results. And then we see a few more banks coming back into the business. As the economy improves, everybody wants to get back into it. So I think for the small to medium to large fleets, there's certainly good availability for financing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Uhlman from Cleveland Research.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Sticking with the engine team a bit, you sold 50,000 units in North America. It seems that some those are starting to come into the warranty, out of warranty coverage. I'm just wondering if that is a bigger factor in 2014 than it was in 2013 for the Parts business.
Mark C. Pigott: No. It's a good question, but I don't think it really has any impact. No. We're still probably a little ways away from sort of the positive impact on maybe parts and service side of it, still really growing our population of engines is the way I'd look at it.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Okay, got it. And then could you guys comment on the impact of currency to the quarter for revenue and earnings?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes.
Robert J. Christensen: Yes, sure. The impact on earnings was about $12 million, and the impact on revenues was about $80 million, positive.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Kauffman from Buckingham Research.
Jeffrey Asher Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: I wanted to dive a little bit deeper into the currency question, Bob and Robin, if I can. You said it was $12 million positive to earnings in the quarter. Could you differentiate that, say, your euro exposure versus your real exposure? And then talk about, given the big moves we've seen in the currency markets, particularly emerging markets, how could this impact 2014 just based on your outlook?
Robert J. Christensen: Well, the impact on the quarter -- that $12 million is a pretax number, just to clarify. And the impact was mostly from the movement of the euro. And currently, our revenue stream from Brazil is low enough that it's not going to have a big impact on us, the movements of the real.
Jeffrey Asher Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: And then looking toward the year, you would say no real real impact as you're ramping up Brazil?
Mark C. Pigott: Correct.
Robert J. Christensen: No.
Jeffrey Asher Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. And then I was just kind of thinking about cash. You mentioned, Mark, that maybe this year is an off year for R&D, but normally, relative to your revenues, the spending is a little higher. Is this more of a respite for a year and then the spending picks up a little? Or do you think this is a good run rate for R&D for you right now?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I think right now, it's probably a reasonable run rate, and then in a year or 2, you get into, call it, early midlife updates on the vehicles. There's always engine work going on and continue to look at enhancements to our facility but I think reasonable run rate right now.
Jeffrey Asher Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. And final question. I'm sure this is something you'll hit at the truck show in March. What are the 1 or 2 new products that excite you most as you head into 2014?
Mark C. Pigott: I think as I mentioned earlier, the timing for Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF to come out with their new vocational vehicles seems to be -- it looks like we have some great sales and marketing guys. I think they really hit the timing perfectly with these new products coming out. And the MX-11, I think that's going to be a big win for PACCAR for -- once again, for all of our truck guys around the world.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Denoyer from KSA Capital.
Timothy Denoyer: I had a couple of quick cash flow questions for you. I'm wondering if you can help me understand the cash flow -- operating cash coming from the manufacturing operations. I know you don't break it out that way, but if we look at the $2.4 billion of total operating cash flow and take out the $300 million of finance income, $600 million of equipment depreciation and it looks like you usually have about $200 million of residual value and deferred revenue, are there any other big factors to consider when just trying to get out the manufacturing operating cash flow?
Mark C. Pigott: Excellent question. No, I mean, that's -- you've hit most of the main segments.
Timothy Denoyer: Okay. Great. And then one other cash flow question. I noticed that you didn't buy back any stock in 2013 after buying back about $500 million in '11 and '12. Could you talk about why not? Obviously, you're still in a very healthy cash position to just not financially viable [ph].
Mark C. Pigott: We continue to evaluate it, and we do have authorization, as it makes sense to do it. Right now, we're -- we've been investing in new products and engines and factories and distribution centers. But certainly, an ongoing strategic road for us.
Timothy Denoyer: Great. Okay. And if I could throw just one more in. You talked about the success of your own -- of your natural gas products. Can you talk about whether or not you would consider taking some of your PACCAR engines and using -- and putting -- switching those over to natural gas?
Mark C. Pigott: Absolutely. Yes. No, it's -- we got great engines and it's something that is always being evaluated.
Timothy Denoyer: Is there any time frame?
Mark C. Pigott: No time frame at this time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Group from Wolfe Research.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research, LLC: So, Mark, you mentioned a couple of times about the strong order momentum in fourth quarter. Can you give us a view on kind of what you're expecting for first quarter order momentum? So certainly, the truckers are seeing tighter capacity and rates starting to move up. Do you feel like there's any improving momentum on first quarter orders? And I know it's early, but the range of 210,000 to 240,000 for '14 is kind of wide. Do you have a view towards the upper or lower end of that range at this point?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I think as we're here in the last day of January, I think we'll stay with that range. But I think your analysis is correct, and we look forward to updating you in a few months. And I can say we've got an important truck show coming up in probably about 6 weeks. We'll get a better flavor then. But it looks encouraging, I'll just put it that way.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. And then just a follow-up on that last nat gas question. What do you -- what price do you think nat gas needs to be for that to be a competitive option? Is it losing some competitiveness with gas at $5 right now, nat gas at $5?
Mark C. Pigott: Excellent question. I think we've got [ph] probably a little more time than we might have on this call because it's -- I think the price of natural gas, the price differential to diesel is just one component of that equation. The other ones have certainly been discussed and debated and reviewed, and that is the infrastructure, the benefit and the effects of the improving diesel engines. So the way we look at it is that we're very pleased to have a strong share of the natural gas market. It's still in that 1% to 2% range for the total industry as it grows, and we expect it will grow over time. We will look to grow our own business with it. And so that's a broad, broad discussion that probably we don't have time to do right now.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research, LLC: Yes. Just one follow-up on that point. Where do you see the spread right now and the cost of the truck for diesel versus nat gas? And has that started to come in yet?
Mark C. Pigott: One more time with that question.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research, LLC: The spread -- the difference between the cost of buying a diesel truck versus nat gas truck right now. And is that coming in?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, I think that cost is declining as we are getting a little bit more volume of installing natural gas onto our trucks, our chassis. And some of the suppliers are gearing up to improve the efficiency of making some of the componentry. So I think, over time, that spread will decline, will decrease.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Sponheimer from Gabelli & Company.
Brian Sponheimer - G. Research, Inc.: A question for you on just kind of from a directional perspective. I've seen you use prices on some of your trucks over the course of, let's say, the last 9 -- 3, 6 and 9 months. I guess I'll take it from there.
Mark C. Pigott: Used trucks, really, both in North America and Europe, our brands continue to maintain their strong position relative to the competition, and it's been really steady over the last year.
Brian Sponheimer - G. Research, Inc.: So I'd say a truck coming off of a program in December, would you be getting the same price for that truck in December that, say, you would have gotten in April or May of this past year?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes. Yes, we would.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Robinson from Susquehanna.
Tim Robinson - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I was just wondering if you could give us an update on the investments you're making in the enhanced powertrain development, maybe give us a sense for the timetable.
Mark C. Pigott: We're working on the SuperTruck project with the government and Cummins, and that's exciting. And we're just looking at the whole, let's call it, powertrain componentry and what we can do, either working with our suppliers or working independently on continuing to enhance and make it more efficient. So I think that's about all we really can talk about.
Tim Robinson - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Got it. And then lastly, Parts, the margins were great all year, and it looks like there was a bit a tail-off in 4Q. I'm just wondering, is there seasonality in that business that we should be aware of? Or what drove the sequential decline there?
Mark C. Pigott: There's really not that much. I mean, I would say each quarter has its own season, but we look to ramp up each quarter, depending on that season. So that really is not a factor. I think there was just a lot of Parts business in the fourth quarter, and I think they did a great job of handling it. So I don't think there's much to read into that.
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Robin E. Easton: I'd like to thank everyone for their excellent questions. Thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for your participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-29 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Robin E. Easton - Treasurer Mark C. Pigott - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Ross P. Gilardi - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Alexander E. Potter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Neil Frohnapple - Longbow Research LLC Daniel Johansson Jeffrey Asher Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded, and if anyone has an objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Robin Easton, PACCAR's Treasurer. Mr. Easton, please go ahead.
Robin E. Easton: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Robin Easton, Treasurer of PACCAR. And joining me this morning are Mark Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ron Armstrong, President; Bob Christensen, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President; and Michael Barkley, Vice President, Controller. [Operator Instructions] Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Mark Pigott.
Mark C. Pigott: Good morning. PACCAR reported good revenues and net income for the third quarter of 2013. PACCAR's third quarter sales and financial services revenue were $4.3 billion, and quarterly net income was $309 million, an after-tax return on revenues of 7.2%. This is the best after-tax return on revenue in 5 years. Net income increased 32% compared to the results generated in the third quarter last year. I'm very proud of our 22,700 employees, who have delivered industry-leading products and services to our customers worldwide. PACCAR's third quarter truck results reflect improved reflect improved industry truck sales in North America and Europe compared to the third quarter last year. PACCAR is in the final stages of the largest new truck and engine family launch in our history. In the next 6 weeks, we'll begin production of our new vocational vehicles, the Peterbilt Model 567, the Kenworth T880 and the DAF CF Euro 6. In addition, we'll begin production of our new MX-11 diesel engine for Europe. Our new assembly plant in Brazil began producing DAF Trucks in early October and will gradually increase production over the next 18 to 24 months. The Brazil truck market, greater than 6 tonnes for next year, is estimated to be approximately 150,000 units. I'm also pleased to note that PACCAR's manufacturing trucks on every continent, except Antarctica. Our customers and dealers are very excited about the many new vehicles and services that PACCAR is delivering to the market. PACCAR delivered 35,400 trucks during the third quarter, a 2% increase versus the second quarter and in line with our projections. The U.S. and Canadian Class 8 industry truck retail sales are estimated to be in the range of 205,000 to 215,000 units this year. The U.S. and Canadian Class 8 industry truck sales next year are expected to improve to be in the range of 210,000 to 240,000 units, reflecting ongoing replacement demand and some expansion of industry fleet capacity. European truck orders jumped in the third quarter as customers purchased trucks ahead of the January 1, 2014, implementation of the Euro 6 environmental regulations. Third quarter DAF truck orders increased by 70% compared to a year ago and were up 16% compared to the second quarter. In Europe, the greater than 16-tonne truck market is projected to be in the range of 215,000 to 225,000 units this year. DAF deliveries in the fourth quarter will benefit from the pre-buy. I'd also like to note that DAF's new Euro 6 vehicles are receiving very good industry reviews, and customers are pleased with the new products. Looking at the industry, it's anticipated that the greater than 16-tonne European truck market next year will be in the range of 200,000 to 230,000 vehicles. PACCAR's truck deliveries worldwide in the fourth quarter are expected to increase by about 5% compared to the third quarter. Fourth quarter gross margins should improve compared to the third quarter, reflecting higher truck production. There are also a number of encouraging economic indicators in North America that should benefit truck demand. First, residential and commercial construction activity is improving. Housing starts in the U.S. are projected to be approximately 900,000 units this year. Second, North American auto production is expected to be over 15 million vehicles this year. And third, freight tonnage in the U.S. is at a seasonally adjusted record level. These economic improvements have enabled our dealers and customers to generate strong results. PACCAR Parts business generated record quarterly revenues of $715 million, an increase of 10% compared to $650 million in the same quarter last year. PACCAR Parts quarterly pretax income was $107 million, an increase of 20% compared to $89 million earned in the third quarter last year. The excellent results were driven by strong freight tonnage and improved fleet utilization. PACCAR Financial Services revenue were $294 million in the third quarter compared to $274 million in the third quarter last year. PACCAR Financial third quarter pretax income was a record $88 million compared to $80 million earned last year. The excellent results benefited from growth in asset balances and the continuing strong portfolio performance. PACCAR's capital spending is estimated to be $425 million to $475 million this year. In 2014, capital investment is estimated to be $350 million to $400 million. Research and development expenses this year are estimated to be $250 million to $260 million, while next year R&D will be in the range of $225 million to $275 million. The positive contribution of all of the company's segments has enabled PACCAR to attain the highest operating margins in our industry and to deliver excellent shareholder returns while investing during all phases of the business cycle. PACCAR's average annual shareholder return over the last decade was 13.1%. Shareholder return is 24.5% through September this year. PACCAR continues to enhance its leadership position in the global truck market by launching many new products and services and by continuing to invest in new geographic regions. Thank you. I'll be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Stephen Volkmann from Jefferies.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I was wondering if we could dig into the margins a little bit. Versus my model, they're a little better than I expected, which is great, obviously.
Mark C. Pigott: Good news.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And -- yes, of course, and was curious if you might be able to bucket for us kind of what's starting to go right on the margin front and how sustainable we think this is going to be.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, we indicated that we estimate that margins in the fourth quarter should be a little bit better than the third quarter. We have come out with a lot of new products this year, as you're aware, and we're starting to see some benefits from that. Also, our customers, over the last few years, have done pretty well, so there might be a slight improvement in industry pricing, and working with our suppliers on reducing some supplier costs is having a benefit. So I think all in all, those are probably 3 primary reasons.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And is there any reason that any of those things should not continue to sort of improve as we get into 2014?
Mark C. Pigott: I think we're working hard on all 3 of those main avenues to continue that positive trend.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then can I just ask you your view on what's happening in Europe? And I guess specifically obviously sort of some eye-popping numbers on the DAF orders this quarter, do we pay all that back in the first quarter next year? Or how do you think that unfolds?
Mark C. Pigott: I think that order intake, if you -- well, obviously, you've have had some very good success as I think the entire industry has in terms of the pre-buy, there's a couple of other elements to consider. One, we're still waiting, as the whole industry is, for Germany to share their thoughts on any MAUT discount, so I look at that as a bit of an incentive to purchase Euro 6. We expect that in the next month or so. So that'll be a benefit for the industry. I think in terms of orders, we're finding very good success with our customers on acceptance of the Euro 6 vehicles. They perform well. They have good fuel economy. They're attractive and continue to lower the cost of operation for our customers, so we take that as a good sign. But you have to overlay that with what's happening throughout the Eurozone and some of the challenges ongoing. The U.K. is having a remarkable uptick in their economic performance, and that's a strong market for DAF, and -- but -- we're looking forward to next year. We've got great products. We continue to add dealers. We're growing in Central Europe. We're growing in Russia. We're growing in Turkey, and so there's a lot of positive momentum for the DAF.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: So just to be clear on that, you're saying you have some reasonable orders for Euro 6 trucks already?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, we do. Yes. Absolutely. Good questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook from Crédit Suisse.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a clarification. When I think about your margin performance in the quarter, your operating margin improved sequentially. Your gross profit improved, I think, year-over-year, but sequentially, it was just sort of flat. So when you think about where we should see the margin improvement, do you see, going forward, it improving more on sort of the gross profit margin line or on the operating margin line or both? And then I just guess my second question. On the pricing environment, as we look to 2014, do you think you'll be able to pass through the full cost of the Euro 6 price increase? And then also your view on your ability to hold price and market share with Navistar, with the Cummins engine back in the market?
Mark C. Pigott: Okay. Well, with respect to the question about gross profit, when we talked about margins in the opening comments, we were talking about the gross profit will benefit, in the fourth quarter, from the higher production levels. So that will pass through to the operating profit line. With respect to Euro 6, Euro 6 does have a cost uptick, and we're working with our customers and trying to realize what the potential of the product. Product is great. The customers have received it very well, and we're excited about being able to offer that in the European market as we begin next year. And then your final question about market share growth. We're and have been for 108 years are focused on high quality and great returns to our shareholders. There's always competitors. Each of them have their own unique approach to the marketplace. They come, they go, sometimes they even come back when you think they're gone. So I'm sure that we'll continue to have good share and great support from our customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Casey from Wells Fargo.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions. In the North American market, I'm trying to reconcile the difference between what we're seeing in some of the very strong indicators and industry orders up through September. And we're hearing a lot of mixed signals from some of your North American customers. I'm just wondering if the normal order acceleration took hold so far in October.
Mark C. Pigott: We're seeing some improvement in October. I think you've accurately summarized the economic environment in, let's call it, the U.S. and Canada. I think Mexico is a separate market again. There is a lot of different types of signals facing our customers and their end customers. We're looking for some general economic growth to kick in, and that's going to -- that's more than just the trucking industry. But we are seeing some improvement in orders. Once again, we've got a whole new range of Kenworth and Peterbilt products that have been well received, and our PACCAR engine is doing well. Our customers are making money. Some of them are not making as much money as they did a year ago. There are different industry factors affecting that. But overall, we have some positive GDP growth, which we are, this year, and we hope to have an improved GDP next year. It should benefit all of us.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then flipping over to Europe, if I could. The orders, as Steve had said in a prior question, quite impressive. Did you continue to see most of the Euro 5 pre-buy, meaning against the Euro 6 standard next year, happening in the U.K.? Or did that spread out into some other regions?
Mark C. Pigott: No, it was throughout Europe, absolutely.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi from Bank of America.
Ross P. Gilardi - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Could you just talk a little bit more about your expectation for Q4? I think for sales to be up 5% how that would split out between the U.S. and Europe?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I think on the truck side, I think we'll see most of the improvement will be in Europe because of the benefit from the, call it the pre-buy. And U.S. and Canada would be sort of in line with what's been going on. There's a few less production days during the quarter. Then, of course, we have the parts and finance business, which continue to perform well and are achieving many record levels, and they're working hard to keep that going.
Ross P. Gilardi - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: When you think about a 70% increase in orders, which is just a staggering number in Q3 for DAF, I mean, how are you positioned from a capacity perspective to fulfill those orders by the end of the year? And can you actually deliver some of those orders in 2014?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, we have increased our production rates about 4x in the last 2 months to meet that increased demand. Even at the production rates we're at now, they're still a little bit lower than we were back in 2007, 2008. So we do have the capacity infrastructure. And obviously, it takes a lot of coordination, working with our suppliers, very good suppliers, and because they've got to ramp up recognizing that the first quarter next year will return to more normal levels. So there's very much of an integrated logistics approach here.
Ross P. Gilardi - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess what I'm getting at is that could some of that 70% order -- increase in order intake spill over into the 2014 year?
Mark C. Pigott: Not per the guidelines that each of the countries have. I mean, the good news is that we're getting a very good response on the Euro 6 vehicles, and that is certainly the focus now of our customers and our dealers, who have been processing, as you've indicated, a lot of Euro 5. And that has pretty much come to a conclusion and now people are saying, "Hey, I love these DAF Euro 6 vehicles. Let's start selling those and getting those in the factories." So we're filling up the first quarter with Euro 6. Also, the Euro 5 will continue to be a factor outside of Western Europe. So Russia, Turkey, Middle East, Africa, Australia, China, Taiwan. So that will still be an ongoing contribution to our production through next year and actually for probably 2 or 3 years.
Ross P. Gilardi - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly on Brazil, how are you progressing with some of your dealer network? And do you feel obviously that the long-term opportunity is enormous, but do you feel like the mood has changed at all given some of the concerns on the Brazilian economy?
Unknown Executive: No, we don't feel that the mood has changed at all. In fact, the heavier side of the Brazilian business is actually performing quite well. We're very encouraged with the way things are developing on our project in Brazil. The dealer body is very active constructing their new facilities, training their people. This week, all of our dealers are participating in the Fenner tran show in South America, and we expect to gradually improve our deliveries in Brazil over the next 12 months.
Mark C. Pigott: That's exciting, exciting times, and the truck market in Brazil is continuing to grow. We registered our first group of DAF Trucks a month or so ago, so that was a memorable highlight. And the factory is good. I think there's videos and pictures on the Internet. So it's going very, very well, and we'll be there next 50 to 100 years. We're looking forward to it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Kaplowitz from Barclays.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Mark, in the first half of the year, you guys saw a decent pickup in vocational truck activity. Can you talk about whether you've seen follow through in that activity? Or maybe any falloff in construction maybe was a little bit soft in the summer?
Mark C. Pigott: The vocational, as you indicated, we have seen some improvement. We're also very excited about launching our new vocational products here in the next 6 weeks of Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF, which I think will give us a nice boost. And certainly, our dealers and customers are looking forward to it. There has been a little bit of slowdown in some of the vocational markets, but there's still a lot more demand than there was a year ago, so we're taking advantage of that. So when we go to vocational shows, we talk with our end customers. They haven't been purchasing for a number of years, so they're excited to be back in the market, and they're very excited by the new products that we're launching.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, Mark, that's helpful. Maybe just a follow-up on another question, previous questions. How do you plan for production in the EU given the spike you're seeing here? And then next year, you're forecasting relatively flattish market. Does that mean that the second half of this year is somewhat flat with the first half of next year, but you'll have lumpiness within that production? Do you understand what I'm saying?
Mark C. Pigott: I do. It's a great question. First of all, well, you plan it as far in advance as you can, and it's obviously an integrated program with our suppliers, as I mentioned earlier. In terms of the production for the second half versus the first half, I think the second half will be higher production than the first half. And yes, I don't know, I won't consider it lumpiness. I consider it opportunity to make more trucks but...
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan from JPMorgan.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just to be clear, I know this question has gotten asked a hundred times different ways. But from everything you've said, Mark, we should be putting plus 70% in our models for DAF for fourth quarter. Is that correct?
Mark C. Pigott: No, no, that is not correct. But it's a nice thought. No, we're talking about overall 5% for the company. That's the -- that's our shared guidance.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Right. But DAF specifically, you're saying orders are up 70% and they have to be delivered before year-end.
Mark C. Pigott: They're up compared to a year ago. And -- but we've also increased through this year, so you have to take a look at the increase from the second quarter of DAF, which were up 16%. And then obviously, the rest of the world, some are going up, some are going down. So overall for PACCAR, it's 5%, which is a very good, robust number, I believe.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. It seems a little conservative. And then just the cynic in me wants to say, customers are so excited about the Euro 6, why, are we seeing any prebuying at all?
Mark C. Pigott: Ann, you've been in this industry quite a long time. It's just the industrial pre-buy psychology, that's what people do. Obviously, there is a price increase in the marketplace of between EUR 10,000 and EUR 15,000. So if you're a customer and that's a major consideration, you have to make the best business case for your own business. That's typically why we see a pre-buy.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, okay. And I was being cynical. And your dealers in your Europe so, I mean, can you talk a little bit about where do the used trucks go? I've heard some dealers in Europe articulate some concerns that once these Euro 6 trucks roll out and come back to the dealers, they lose a lot of their potential and used equipment sales markets because a lot of European used equipment goes to Eastern Europe, goes to Africa, places that don't have ultra-low-sulfur diesel. Are your dealers talking about that at all? Is that a potential issue 3, 4 years down the road?
Mark C. Pigott: There are some very minor discussion, but I think, as you pointed out, it is 3, 4, 5, 6 years down the road. Each country, and we're in 100 countries around the world, is proactively trying to meet North American and European environmental regulations. So I would expect that a number of years down the road, there'd be more regions of the country that are adopting almost a global environmental standard. And so I think that the used trucks will have many happy homes wherever they go.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And just finally, real quick, in Brazil, are you hearing anything about higher interest rates or the potential for no tsunami [ph] next year given the fact that we have an election and interest rates are rising? What are you guys hearing kind of from feet on the street tender on tsunami? [ph]
Unknown Executive: We're expecting the program to continue into 2014 but perhaps at slightly higher rates.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just going back to the Europe production ramp in the fourth quarter, can we just -- how do you address that? Will you be hiring temporary employees? And how should we think about the expenses related to managing that production?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, we do flex our employment rate, utilizing some temporary workers, and that's a pretty common industry practice and been going on for quite a few years. And it works well for everybody. And as I've indicated, the production increase from, let's call it, second to third quarter, it's probably 5% to 7% for DAF and then continue to increase that. So I think the 70% it's -- we're very pleased to get the number of orders, but I don't think that should be taken as a stand-alone number in terms of production increase.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Sure. No, I understand. I'm just trying to understand if, I mean, if your expenses may flex up here in the fourth quarter, do they then come back down in the first quarter?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, they move sort of in sync with our truck production. So obviously, we're selling more trucks. We're manufacturing more trucks, and we need more material and labor to -- in order to produce those trucks. So it moves in sync; don't think it's anything. It's very normal.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: It's not out of bounds with the normal...
Mark C. Pigott: It's very normal.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just on Brazil, can you just remind us what's your market share targets are for that market over the -- in maybe 2014 and over the next couple of years?
Mark C. Pigott: Over the next couple of years, as I shared in my opening comments, we're just looking for a steady, gradual growth, sort of 18 to 24 months. Longer term, as we said in a number of press releases, we'd like to achieve 20% share, which is our target in all of our markets, but it's early days. We're pleased to be getting the production of DAF Trucks and we're just beginning the whole process. So steady as she goes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Mark, can you talk about your Parts business, really strong acceleration this quarter on a year-over-year basis, excellent performance. Can you just give us some context which regions were up more than others? How broad-based is that?
Mark C. Pigott: Sure. I think the Parts team have done a remarkable job. When you look at a couple of things of why they've been able to achieve that. First, we have the largest population of PACCAR vehicles in our history out running around between 1.5 million and 2 million vehicles, Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF trucks. Second, we've got the most dealers in our history. Third, we've increased share over the last number of years from, let's call it, 22% to almost 30% in North America and in Europe from, certainly, 10% to 16%. So we just have a lot more activity out in the marketplace. Complementing that, the Parts group has -- have been very innovative in developing their TRP, their all makes brand, and also working with the customers you typically wouldn't think of, whether it's the bus market or gen sets or industrial equipment who need parts. So they really had a broad approach to the parts marketplace. And we continue to add our distribution centers. I know a number of companies seem to get a lot of press when they add distribution centers. Well, we're adding distribution centers. We just opened up our largest one in the last year in Eindhoven, 280,000 square feet. We just opened up a new one in Brazil. We just double the size of one in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. So you take all those very positive investments and approaches, and the result is you got a Parts business that is continuing to grow and generate good returns.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And I guess using it as a proxy to understand where your customers are doing better than in other regions, is it stronger in Europe versus North America? Is it possible to break that out on a year-over-year basis?
Mark C. Pigott: I think North America is a little bit stronger. Europe is improving, but it has a little bit of the flavor of some economic challenge, but it's good all the way around the world.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And, Mark, in North America, can you talk about, based on your conversation with customers, how you expect the order cadence to play out over the next couple of quarters? I know you folks are the first to adjust your build rates to any changes in customer demand trends. So I'm wondering how do you see it beyond 4Q based on your customer conversations? How are the discussions going relative to your planned 4Q build rates.
Unknown Executive: Sure. In North America, the discussions are going very well. As Mark indicated, generally our customers, their utilization rates are high. Rates are maybe not as great as they would like, but they're definitely looking at replacing the fleet and looking for some growth with economic growth.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And lastly, Mark, you mentioned about the ramp higher in Europe that you're executing here. How difficult is it to transition into the first quarter? I know you folks have done it countless times, but just help us understand how complex is that process and how challenging will margin profile be in the first quarter if it will be challenging.
Mark C. Pigott: I think the teams are very used to the ebb and flow of the industry and do it very, very well. We have a lot of great people working in. Obviously, we also have a lot of good systems, whether it's the PACCAR production system, and we're also a leader on Six Sigma. So I think in just terms of building more trucks or building less trucks, that is part of what our team does. I think, the first quarter will probably be more in line with the rest of the year excluding the pre-buy. So we're looking for a reasonable quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Tiss from Bank of Montréal.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So I just wonder if you could give us a sense of the cost that you spent throughout 2013 on your expansion that might be going away as we go into '14.
Mark C. Pigott: I think the -- well, we've kind of shared the R&D and the CapEx, and I think that shows a slight reduction, which reflects a lot of these projects coming to fruition. I think the other one is as we began to ramp up Brazil, there should be some benefit from the reduction or the elimination of startup and construction costs. We've got a great factory there and starting to build trucks. So I think that'll have some benefits for the company.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And then as you look out, say, over the next couple of years, you still have quite a bit of cash. You're generating a lot of free cash flow. You've done your Brazilian project. Can you give us a sense of what's kind of in the planning stages, or what are you thinking about over the next 5 years areas to expand into?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, we want to obviously keep all of our products leading edge. So that's an ongoing program for any company in the automotive industry. We also want to continue to expand our services. We've got great success with our finance and lease operations, which we see has more opportunities. And then you've got all of Asia, which we've had good success. We've been there for many decades, but it's still relatively small contributor to our overall profits and sales. So that's got to be an area in a region that has a lot of potential if we can do it in a correct manner, and we've had a lot of time to study it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher from UBS.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just regionally, the other category in the quarter I think it was down about 20% year-over-year. Can you just talk about what drove that?
Unknown Executive: Okay, you bet. Most of that was currency movements.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. So the underlying organic, was that up?
Unknown Executive: Our winds business was down a bit.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, separately, can you just give us a sense of how many weeks of production you have in backlog today? And then should we expect that, that would come down as you deliver the European pre-buy over the course of the quarter?
Mark C. Pigott: I -- we don't typically break out weeks of production. But I think in line with the rest of the European industry, we're essentially sold out in Europe through the end of the year. And the rest of our production backlog is in line with what's going on in the industry.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe lastly, can you just remind us how many units you expect to ship out of Brazil in the fourth quarter?
Mark C. Pigott: I don't think we've actually ever broken that out. It's just early days. It's just ramping up the factory at this time. So it's --
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I thought the number was somewhere around like a few hundred. That's an order of magnitude?
Mark C. Pigott: I think it's in that range, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer from Vertical Research.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Just a quick question on R&D. I know we asked you this, Mark, on last call and you sort of said you might get some small benefit. We had 2 quarters of decently low R&D. Are you going to be in a mode where you're able to harvest a lot of the good investment you've made over the past couple of years and sort of stay at this level? Or will it bounce back up?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, we've indicated for next year that we see R&D and CapEx will be slightly lower than what we're doing this year. But it's a very exciting industry. You've got to keep investing. There's always opportunities to come out with new products. We also have different regulatory programs that we're working with in different parts of the world. Greenhouse gas comes to mind, new engine and powertrain regulations. So that all takes certainly a fair amount of capital and R&D. So I think in terms of harvesting, we look for these wonderful new products and services to generate good returns for our customers, our dealers and ourselves. That'll be the harvest, the bountiful harvest.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: And then just one minor one. Did turning on the Brazil plant make any impact on gross margin, either this quarter or will it next?
Mark C. Pigott: No, not really, no. And I invite you to tour the plant. It's up and running. It's really looking good.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Potter from Piper Jaffray.
Alexander E. Potter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: I was wondering if you could break out the percent of your production in Q4 that you think is going to be Euro 6 compliant versus Euro 5.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, it'll be a portion. We probably won't break that out, but we are making Euro 6 product in Q4, and it's going well, but it's a minority.
Alexander E. Potter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Sure, right. Okay, fair enough. Then I was just wondering also, kind of a philosophical question, on 15-liter versus 13-liter in the North America, I guess, trucking market in general, not just for your company specifically, I know that you guys are making your vertically integrated with regard to the 13. So trying to push production of the 13 or sales of the 13, you have an incentive to do that. But industry-wide, do you think you're seeing a shift or I guess more regionalization among trucking companies and more preference as a result of the 13-liter?
Mark C. Pigott: That's a great topic. I'm glad you raised that. Right now -- and we've seen this trend over the last 5 years. The 13-liter is about the same as the 15-liter in terms of industry market share. That's for the whole industry. And it's interesting that there have been more new 13-liter engines introduced over the last 2 years than 15-liter from anybody in the industry as people -- and our customers certainly become aware that 13-liter has a lot of benefits. The fuel economy is very good. A little lighter weight, it has the same durability, reliability, a little lower cost. And essentially, it's the engine that is the high-end engine around the world in any region you go to, from Asia to Europe to Africa, South America. We just introduced our 11-liter, which we're beginning production. It'll be installed in the DAF product this year. And we're even hearing now from customers that for vocational, the 11-liter may be the engine of choice for that application, where you're driving within a 50-mile radius from your home, your base, it's got a lot of power, a lot of torque. And once again, it's a little lighter weight, a little lower cost, and it could be the solution that a lot of our customers are looking for. So I think like you see in the whole automotive industry, including cars, you're getting more power density and you see the car guys are now coming out with, I mean, even 1-liter engines and 2- and 3-liter engines, whereas 10 years ago, 15 years ago, those were 5- and 6- and 7-liter engines. So we see that same thing going on in the commercial vehicles.
Alexander E. Potter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Any willingness, I guess, to take a stab at what that 50-50 breakdown might be in 2014, 2015? Do you think -- how quickly do you think the 15-liter share deteriorates?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I look at it on a positive side as how fast the 13-liter can grow. But I think if you look out 5 years, I think the 13-liter will continue to increase its share.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Uhlman from Cleveland Research.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Mark, I was wondering if you could remind us what proportion of DAF build would be outside of the Euro 6 standards for next year.
Mark C. Pigott: I would say as we go forward, it's probably in the 15% to 20% range would be Euro 5 product and the remainder would be Euro 6 product.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Okay, got it. And then was there any impact to currency on earnings this quarter? And then also how are you thinking about the tax rate going forward?
Unknown Executive: Yes, we -- the impact on currencies was fairly muted. We got some benefit from the higher euro on revenues and a bit on income, and the tax rate we expect for the full year to be around 31%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ted Grace from Susquehanna International.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I was just wondering if you could maybe give us a little more perspective on how sentiment feels among your North American clients, starting with kind of the owner/operators versus small fleets midsized larger and then the private guys. I mean is there discernible differences in kind of how they're looking at 2014 and how much you characterize those?
Mark C. Pigott: Of course, the owner-operator market as we know it essentially has been amalgamated into fleets. So you're really talking about fleets, whether they're small, medium or large. And we've had different regulations, and different federal guidelines have been implemented in the last 12 months that they're now taking on board, whether it's hours of operation or just how the vehicle is going to be performing. But it's a very resilient dynamic industry, great fleet operators, great fleet owners. They've been around through a couple of pretty serious downturns over the last decade, and I think they're doing well. They're excited about the new products. They're seeing some general growth in the economy. We've got the vocational side starting to improve. Consumer size seems to be reasonable. So I think for North America, or U.S. and Canada, I think it should be a good year.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Would you see any distinction between long-haul and regional guys or shorter-haul customers?
Mark C. Pigott: I think you could say there might be some distinction between truckload versus less-than-truckload, but I think that's been in play for the last decade or so. But I think the customers that we typically work with across the board are in good shape.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. And second thing I was hoping to ask is we saw the pretax margin -- margins for both trucks and parts. Could you give us a sense for what the gross margins look like for both of those businesses?
Unknown Executive: We typically don't break that out the gross margins.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, we don't break that out.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from the line of Joel Tiss from Bank of Montréal.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I apologize. I know you thought you were done with me. Just one quick one there. Daimler has had a lot of success with this AMT transmission rollout. And can you just talk about -- you mentioned that as one of your longer-term investment priorities. Can you just give us an update of what's going on in the market? And how you think about being able to compete with that product longer term?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, we've got 2 excellent transmission or gearbox suppliers, Eaton and ZF. Each of them has slightly different, although there some overlap in their approach in the marketplace. ZF is our primary supplier for the DAF product in Europe and wherever else we sell. DAF and then Eaton would be primarily for Kenworth and Peterbilt. And they've got products that compete very well against all of our competitors. And everybody's working on the same engineering premise in terms of making it truly an integrated powertrain from the engine, all the way back to the rear axles. And I think the success that we're getting with the PACCAR engine integrated with ZF or Eaton is standing up very well. And we continue to have very good shares, so we're having good success. So every automotive supplier is certainly evaluating their approach to powertrain and seeing if they can get a benefit for their customer.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neil Frohnapple from Longbow Research.
Neil Frohnapple - Longbow Research LLC: What was the MX engine penetration rate in North America in the third quarter for Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks?
Mark C. Pigott: 35%.
Neil Frohnapple - Longbow Research LLC: It ticked up from the second quarter?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, very exciting, and we can keep working on it. Every year, we have certain goals. And if you have a chance to go down to the Mississippi factory, I encourage you to. It's a beautiful facility.
Neil Frohnapple - Longbow Research LLC: Great. And then along those lines, what percentage of your North American production in the third quarter were for the new products? I think you had mentioned 30% in the second quarter. Did that tick up also?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, it did. Probably about 35% to 40%.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from the line of Ann Duignan from JPMorgan.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I forgot to ask about natural gas. In the context of your MX penetration on the 13-liter, we're hearing some very positive things about customers wanting to at least try out the 12-liter nat gas, the Westport Cummins. Can you talk about if that engine is successful, does that displace your 13-liter MX? Just talk about the dynamics there. Are Kenworth and Peterbilt still even offering a 15-liter HPDI?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, we are, and we continue to have about 40% share in the natural gas industry. So we're very excited about that. And as that market grows, we expect to grow with it. Natural gas is about 1% of the total marketplace. Customers are starting to invest. The infrastructure is in the early stages of being built out. So we see that as an alternative fuel for customers that it makes sense for. And we're right there with it and, in fact, leading the way.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: But you didn't answer my question, Mark. The 12-liter Cummins Westport is the offering that customers are leading towards. Does that displace the 13-liter MX?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, it's a good engine, and Cummins continue to be a major supplier to us, a major partner. And we offer a variety of engines, but I think in the big scheme of things, everybody happily coexists.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Would -- if that market took off, would you consider developing your own spark-ignited 13-liter?
Mark C. Pigott: There's always the opportunity to develop a whole new range of engines, absolutely.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Johansson from UBS O'Connor.
Daniel Johansson: I was wondering on the order intake, the DAF order intake being up 70%, did you say what the book-to-bill was?
Mark C. Pigott: What is our production versus that?
Daniel Johansson: Yes, exactly. I mean, what you produced in the quarter and how the orders relate to that.
Mark C. Pigott: You bet. Well, we've -- we're talking about globally that PACCAR will increase its production by about 5% with slightly improved margins in the fourth quarter. We're seeing an increase in production at DAF, and we will complete building all of our Euro 5 vehicles for Western Europe this year but continue building Euro 5 vehicles for the rest of the world for at least the next few years.
Daniel Johansson: But did DAF get more orders in the third quarter than they produced?
Unknown Executive: Yes.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, yes. And some of those orders were also for Euro 6, which we are producing now and in the first quarter also.
Daniel Johansson: I mean a big portion of DAF is U.K. I think around 20%. And I believe U.K. has September 30 and not December 31 as the deadline, right?
Mark C. Pigott: That is correct, and we've essentially built all those vehicles for the U.K. We're still sound a little bit of a derogation.
Unknown Executive: We continue to build trucks for the U.K. with Euro 5 and Euro 6 in the fourth quarter. So it's ongoing. But very good.
Daniel Johansson: Okay. I mean, in terms of your -- dealers are in general, they are independent, right?
Mark C. Pigott: That is correct.
Daniel Johansson: And what is the normal lag between registration and when you ship to your dealers?
Mark C. Pigott: It depends. If it's for on-highway or if it's for vocational, and they need to get a body. So if a dealer gets a vehicle day 1 for on-highway, it can be registered into the customer's hand within a week or 2. If it's for a body, it can be anywhere from 4 to 12 weeks, depending on the backlog at the body manufacturer.
Daniel Johansson: So if we talk about the 2014 outlook with 2% to 3% down on midpoint, I believe, is that -- that is the registration number?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, that's correct. In Europe, it's registration. That's correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Kauffman from Buckingham Research.
Jeffrey Asher Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: A couple of questions. Can you give me an idea of what set of circumstances gives you a number closer to the $225 million under the range versus the $275 million under the range?
Mark C. Pigott: I think as most companies do when you're looking out over the next 14 months, we like to have a range that provides for a lot of different eventualities. But I would think that the range would probably be on the lower half of that.
Jeffrey Asher Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. And the tax rate, 31%, I think, was the guidance for the year. I'm assuming that's based on your mix of global profits. Should I be thinking about, as I look forward, a different tax rate, 32%, 32.5% versus 31% kind of the range you think I should be thinking about given what you see right now?
Unknown Executive: Given our mix of global earnings, 31% is pretty close for this year. 31% to 32% next year, I think, would be a good way to think about it depending on global earnings.
Jeffrey Asher Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. What's driving that down is just a higher mix of European and maybe Brazilian earnings?
Unknown Executive: Yes, the tax rate in Europe is in the low 20s, so that's a mix.
Jeffrey Asher Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. And then just one final follow-up. In -- well, let me go away from that gas. Now that the Brazil plant is open, you did say it was going to be a ramp. You said no gross margin impact. But how should I think about the Brazilian plant impacting SG&A over the next few quarters as you do build up production?
Mark C. Pigott: I think as we look forward, we've had our dealer development people. We've got salespeople in place, so then we'll see some slight increase, but it's not going to be a major factor.
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Robin E. Easton: I'd like to thank everyone for their excellent questions. And thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-23 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Robin E. Easton - Treasurer Mark C. Pigott - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Robert J. Christensen - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Eric Crawford - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Ross P. Gilardi - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company Alexander E. Potter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Jeffrey Asher Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded, and if anyone has an objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Robin Easton, PACCAR's Treasurer. Mr. Easton, please go ahead.
Robin E. Easton: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Robin Easton, Treasurer of PACCAR. And joining me this morning are: Mark Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ron Armstrong, President; Bob Christensen, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President; and Michael Barkley, Vice President, Controller. [Operator Instructions] Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Mark Pigott.
Mark C. Pigott: Good morning. PACCAR reported good revenues and net income for the second quarter of 2013. PACCAR's second quarter sales and Financial Services revenue were $4.3 billion, and quarterly net income was $292 million, an after-tax return on revenues of 6.8%. I'm very proud of our 22,000 employees who have delivered industry-leading products and services to our customers worldwide. PACCAR's second quarter truck results reflect gradually improving industry truck sales in North America compared to the first quarter of this year. In fact, second quarter truck and parts revenues increased by 10% compared to the first quarter. Class 8 industry retail sales in the U.S. and Canada were 54,000 units in the second quarter this year compared to 45,000 units in the first quarter. Customer truck purchases are focused primarily on replacement vehicles for their fleets. PACCAR delivered 34,800 trucks during the quarter. In addition, PACCAR generated record parts revenue in the second quarter. PACCAR Financial Services results for both the second quarter and the first half were records. The U.S. and Canadian Class 8 industry retail sales are estimated to be in the range of 210,000 to 230,000 units this year. Turning to Europe, freight in Germany, as measured by truck miles driven, or the MAUT, continued at levels comparable to last year. DAF truck orders for the second quarter increased by 34% compared to a year ago and were up 19% from the first quarter. Customers, particularly in the U.K., are accelerating purchases of Euro 5 vehicles before the introduction of the Euro 6 emission standards in January 2014. In Europe, the greater than 16-tonne truck market is projected to be in the range of 210,000 to 230,000 units. Looking forward, PACCAR truck deliveries in the third quarter are expected to be 1% to 2% higher compared to the second quarter. The benefits of a slightly higher daily build rate are offset by the regular annual 2-week factory summer shutdown in Europe. Third quarter gross margins should be similar to the second quarter. There are a number of encouraging macroeconomic data points in North America that should benefit truck demand. First, construction activity is picking up, specifically, the housing sector. Housing starts in the U.S. are projected to be approximately 1 million units this year. Second, North American auto production is expected to be 15 million vehicles this year. And third, freight tonnage in the U.S. is at a seasonally adjusted record level, beating the previous record set in December of 2011. These economic improvements have enabled many dealers and customers to generate strong results. PACCAR Parts business had record quarterly revenues of $709 million, an increase of 6% compared to $666 million in the prior year. Parts quarterly pretax income was $109 million, an increase of 21% compared to $90 million earned in the second quarter last year. The excellent results were driven by record freight tonnage and improved fleet utilization. PACCAR's capital spending this year is estimated to be $425 million to $475 million, and research and development expenses are estimated to be $250 million to $275 million. PACCAR has continued its new product introductions by launching new vocational and distribution trucks. We're very excited about the DAF CF Euro 6, which will be in production in the third quarter this year, and the Kenworth T880, the Peterbilt Model 567 and the DAF LF Euro 6 will go into production in the fourth quarter of this year. PACCAR, as you know, has the most modern vehicle range in the industry, and our dealers and our customers appreciate it. PACCAR has expanded its range of proprietary engines with the introduction of the updated PACCAR MX-13 and the new PACCAR MX-11 engine. The PACCAR MX-11 engine will begin production at DAF in the fourth quarter of this year and is planned to be available in Kenworth and Peterbilt vehicles in 2015. These new engines will benefit our customers with their excellent fuel efficiency and operating performance. I hope you all noted the wonderful picture of our new DAF factory under construction at Ponta Grossa, Brazil. We are right on schedule, and will begin production of DAF Trucks in Brazil for the South American market in the fourth quarter of this year. Exciting program. PACCAR Financial Services revenue were $289 million in the second quarter compared to $266 million in the second quarter last year. PACCAR Financial's second quarter pretax income was $82 million compared to $77 million earned last year. This is the best pretax profit quarter in PACCAR Financial history. Great job. The excellent results benefited from growth in portfolio balances. In summary, PACCAR is enhancing its leadership position in the global truck market by launching the highest-quality products and services in the industry, and by continuing to invest in new geographic regions. Thank you. I'd be happy to answer any of your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs & Co.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I'm wondering if you could just give us an update on the dealer development efforts in Brazil, just in more context if you don't mind. How many dealer groups do you have signed at this point? And how many dealer locations do you expect to have by the end of next year? And then, excellent SG&A control in the quarter. I'm wondering, to what extent should we expect that to move higher as you continue to build out the network in Brazil?
Mark C. Pigott: Absolutely. That's an important part of the foundation that we're setting in Brazil. Right now we have 12 dealer groups and they will have approximately 25 dealer locations complete by the end of this year. Over time, we'll have 100 dealer locations throughout the country. We're very pleased with the quality of our dealer groups in Brazil. Every one of our dealer signees in Brazil, we take over to Europe for an extended period of time so that they can see, firsthand, the DAF factory. They can talk with the current existing DAF dealers in Europe and get a real appreciation for the quality standards and the customer service that we expect. So the construction's ongoing right now throughout the country, and it'll be a very exciting and important plank to support our customers as we grow in Brazil.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And in Europe, Mark, we've seen some pretty good pickup in replacement tire volumes. Looks like your Parts business really saw an acceleration in the quarter. I'm wondering if you could just step us through how you're thinking about the market developments at this point, how much of the new truck demand that you're seeing, do you think, is prebuy versus recovery and -- are aligned demand off a low base? I appreciate that might be tough to break out the 2, but would love your broader thoughts.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, looking at the prebuy, which right now is focused primarily in the U.K., I think U.K. and 1 or 2 other countries have defined what the program is for our customers or our dealers in terms of when they can buy, when they can sell Euro 5 vehicle. I'd say, if I had to put a number on it, probably 3% to 5% benefit in terms of number of units that we're looking at. And that's probably comparable to what our competitors are seeing also. Although, since we're the market share leader in the U.K., it might be a little bit more of a benefit for us.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And lastly, you've had a pretty big new product development push out over the past couple of years. I'm wondering how you would guide us to think about your R&D and CapEx plans over '14, '15, '16 timeframe compared to what we're seeing this year.
Mark C. Pigott: We have had a wonderful 18 months of introductions with the finest products I've ever seen and great engines. I'd say, we'll see slightly lower investments, but in this very exciting and challenging competitive world, I think even in the truck industry, you're seeing an acceleration in terms of midlife model introductions. And obviously, the engineering teams are already excited about working on new models. There's always new regulations in terms of the engine development. So you might see something slightly lower, but not too much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook from Crédit Suisse.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just wanted to follow-up again on overseas or Europe. I mean, because you mentioned, I think, in this quarter that orders for DAF were up 34% year-over-year, I think it was up 19% sequentially in the first quarter too, I think DAF was up, I don't know, 30% or something like that. So I'm just trying to understand the disconnect between the order trends and I guess, what we're seeing in the sales in Europe specifically and just, at what point do we see that translate on the sales side? And then just, my other question is, can you give us an update on what you're seeing in the overall pricing environment with one of your peers back in the market?
Mark C. Pigott: Good question. On the DAF sales and DAF production, when we look back at last year, it was at lower levels, obviously. We're seeing DAF has done a really remarkable job of maintaining a very consistent build rate for 18 months, and growing business outside of Europe and maintaining their share inside of Europe. Right now, we're seeing a pretty strong growth in the U.K. because of the prebuy, and DAF will increase its production towards the end of this quarter. I think we'll probably see some of our competitors doing the same thing. Obviously, we'll have to see how that translates into next year. We're still waiting for Germany to outline their Euro 5, Euro 6 transition program. But all in all, I think DAF has done a very good job. In terms of pricing, I think there's slight improvement in pricing. I think as I mentioned in my prepared comments, our dealers and our customers are doing well. There's record freight levels out there. Obviously, still looking to attract drivers. Fuel has been reasonably consistent. They're getting the benefits of improved efficiency out of our new vehicles. Right now, talking with many customers, they're primarily focused on replacement. But there's still -- there's a few that are starting to talk about growing their fleets, which would be good -- I'm talking North America now. In terms of any of our competitors, there's -- we enjoy the competitive environment and people come and go, and we're just consistent doing our job every day.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I'm sorry, Mark, just 2 follow-up questions on the -- I appreciate your color on production, that was very helpful. Just -- you said production up 1% to 2%, an improvement, sequentially, can you just break out what Europe is versus U.S.? And then, did you get any material cost benefit in the quarter? I'll get back in queue after that.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, sure. I think the benefit would be a little bit more in Europe than in North America. North America is probably comparable in Europe because of the prebuys, it's a little bit up. And in terms of material there, obviously, has been a lot of discussion in the international press about material costs going down. So we see some benefit, but the vast majority of our relationships with our vendors, our long-term contracts and I think it's a little bit of ebbs and flows. So slightly beneficial, but not really noteworthy. Thank you. Good questions, Jamie.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Volkmann from Jefferies.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I was -- I was kind of struck by your margins in the quarter, which were, I think, a little better than in terms of...
Mark C. Pigott: In a good way?
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Yes, in a good way. They were, I think, a little better than the flattish kind of guidance we talked about a month ago. And I'm wondering what you think might have driven the upside there, whether it might be, I don't know, mix or pricing or whatever you think might have contributed to that?
Mark C. Pigott: I think the -- we have a pretty long, established program of driving efficiency improvements every year, regardless of the competitive and economic landscape. I think the people in the production side, because of the slightly higher build rates, have been able to get some of that, let's call it, production efficiency, which translates into slightly better margins. Maybe a little bit of it, also, is because of the new products that we've been able to launch and enthusiastically received by our customers. I think that would be 2 main elements for improvement.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And the new products would be the trucks and the engine both?
Mark C. Pigott: Sure. It's a complete package now. I mean, that's -- kind of, when we look at our vehicles, we look at it with the PACCAR engine and say, all-new family of engines, all-new family of trucks.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: So is it reasonable to expect that penetration of those new products to continue to grow as we go forward over the next several quarters?
Mark C. Pigott: That is certainly -- the plan here is to continue to grow both the engines and the new products. And we're in good shape.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan from JPMorgan.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Mark, I'm interested in your perspective on the backdrop -- from a fundamental standpoint, you've seen quite upbeat with activity up, and automotive production up, freight tonne -- tonnage at record level. And yet, we've had a couple of months of weakish, maybe slightly disappointing, truck orders. I'm wondering if you can reconcile that for us or what you think is going on? Was it just a step-back by fleets, as hours of service got implemented or diesel prices rising, or do you have any explanation for why we might have seen that slowdown?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, yes. I mean, there was -- it was a slower month in June, but -- and we modified our industry forecast, which I think you noted, Ann, both for Europe and North America. But I think there's getting to be some fundamental improvement throughout our industry. I guess, we've seen many, many of our dealers and they're in very good position, they have relatively low inventory. They've got a good population of trucks. The parts and service business is good. There's really an excellent utilization by fleets. Fleets are making reasonable money, some are making record results. So the general economy in North America, let's say, it's growing 2-ish percent; flat to down, depending on what country you're looking at in Europe. And in North America, I think people are saying, "These vehicles are getting old now, not only age but also in terms of miles." And they're excited by the benefits they see on our new vehicles. So I think it's -- the foundation is getting strengthened, and I think it will translate into improved sales over time.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then, a follow-up on natural gas. I was at the Alternative Fuels Conference there, a couple of weeks ago, and there was huge excitement around the 12-liter natural gas offering by Cummins Westport. Does that engine -- because both Kenworth and Peterbilt are going to offer that engine, does that cannibalize your own MX engine, your own 13-liter?
Mark C. Pigott: No. Of course, we are very strong partner with Cummins around the world and we're very pleased -- and I think you probably ran into some of our team there at the conference. I think we had a lot of people there. It's a little hard to get exact market share data, but we figure we're -- 30% to 40% of the natural gas industry is taking Kenworth or Peterbilt vehicles. We feel very good about that. It's still, Ann, 1% of the total industry sales. But if it improves, whether it's because of the differential between natural gas and diesel or as the infrastructure starts to get built out, I think we're in excellent position to continue to ramp up our business within the industry. So it's an exciting element. It probably gets a lot more press because it's a very topical item right now. Other parts of the business that only are 1% to 2% of the industry don't get anywhere near that press, but we are pleased to be a strong performer in that area.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And I appreciate, but there does seem to be a lot of interest in the 12-liter, maybe not the 15-liter.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, the 12-liter, it's a very good engine and I think it's -- it has really very little impact on our product offering. It's a nice addition.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Crawford from UBS.
Eric Crawford - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just following up on some earlier questions on Brazil. Have -- how have developments there, economically, politically, shaped your view as you prepare to enter that market? Are you seeing a need to fine-tune your marketing or financing or dealer support?
Robert J. Christensen: This is Bob Christensen. We really don't see any of the near-term impacts that you read in the press impacting our long-term direction to participate in the market. We see that the fundamentals in Brazil remain strong from a long term point of view and PACCAR intends to be there for a very, very long time. We'll start slow but ramp up over the next 5 to 50 years.
Eric Crawford - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. Great. And then, just briefly, could you provide an update on what you're seeing in terms of the vocational market and how that trended through the quarter?
Mark C. Pigott: We're seeing some improvement in the vocational market, and as I mentioned, we're launching a new Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF vocational vehicles now until the end of the year to take advantage of that. So we're excited about it. Obviously, the housing industry and the car production uses a lot of, let's call it, vocational vehicles. So that's continuing to be a strong point for us. In Europe, of course, car production is at about a 20-year low, so we're not seeing quite the benefit there. But in North America, it's a good, consistent performer for us. And we have brand-new vehicles, which the customers and dealers are looking forward to.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andy Casey from Wells Fargo.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple of quick ones and then, a broad question. The first one, on your answer to a prior European prebuy impact, the 3% to 5%, was that on industry sales or on your orders?
Mark C. Pigott: Let's say it's on industry sales. It's a little hard number to get, but let's use that as an estimate.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, on your orders, do you think it was all impacted by that or is it more related to the stability and people are starting to replace again?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, we have an underlying improvement in the orders we're getting, and there is some, let's call it, benefit from a prebuy. Primarily, in the U.K., we have about 30% share in the U.K. overall. And the U.K. is still 1 of the top 5 truck markets in all of Europe. So there's some benefit there. But it's just a couple of percent.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, one last quick one. The new segment reporting format, could you help us understand, is there any seasonality in Parts, Q3 versus Q2? Or is it pretty consistent depending on what the trucking activity is?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes. No, not really any seasonality. We've got a very talented Parts organization that works very hard to not have seasonality. They only have programs tailored for each part of the year. And of course, they're also doing a great job of driving into new markets such as regional transportation, buses and after, let's call it, all-makes vehicles. So there's -- they're a very creative group and have set up very good programs, and working directly with fleet customers. And our dealers continue to generate very solid earnings for the company.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, stepping back from the quarter a little bit, a broad question on the U.S. Class 8 market. Your customers are facing a couple different regulatory headwinds, one on -- as you've talked about in the past, the capital cost part of their cost structure and then, operating expense with some of the driver regulations. Do you view that as somewhat causing a hesitation, or is it kind of a more, more of a long-term dampener on industry volumes?
Mark C. Pigott: I think the -- the customers -- and of course, they just -- one of the industry publications just published the top 100 fleets in North America in the last week or so, it makes good reading to see the strength. But the customers have been through a challenging time over the last dozen years. A few tough recessions in there for our industry. So the -- the customers that are operating today, I really give them a lot of credit. They're very smart. They analyze their business. They take a look at their capital expenditures, obviously, they're dealing with a whole host of regulations, hours of service, cost of new vehicles, a changing customer base for themselves. So when we had 300 -- over 300,000 units back in '07 and '08, there was a strong GDP growth throughout all of North America that's dampened down to -- I think the customers, in some ways, are even better now. They're at higher utilization. Obviously, they're continuing to work on attracting drivers. I think they're actually doing pretty well. A lot of them are generating record profit results and I think as a number of the analysts pointed out, it's still a very up-and-down economy in general. And so I give our customers a lot of credit for navigating through the challenges. As the general economy improves, which we're starting to see some of the -- some of the benefits of, I think truck sales will improve because it is a fairly old fleet out there and the new products that, certainly, we're introducing and have introduced will directly benefit their bottom line. So we're encouraged by it. We're pleased by the strength of the dealer and customer body out there and it should be an exciting couple of years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ross P. Gilardi - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just had a few questions, just back to the Parts business. I mean, obviously, you saw a big pickup in margins year-on-year, and I -- just hoping beyond normal seasonality, can you talk about the sustainability there? And if you see an acceleration of replacement cycle, do you think we will be on an upward trajectory for parts margins in the coming year or is it kind of the goal to sort of sustain where you are now?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, I think in terms of parts margin, we look at it as sort of comparable. We always have new programs introducing and retiring older programs and of course, all these wonderful new trucks that we've introduced don't really generate much parts business for the first couple of years. So I think margins will be comparable.
Ross P. Gilardi - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then, I'm wondering if you could just talk a little bit more about some of the international markets about Russia, Australia, the Andean region?
Mark C. Pigott: Sure. For Russia, the Russian market continues to be solid. It's comparable level to last year and DAF continues to grow their presence. They've gone from 2 dealers to nearly 20 dealers and then, plan to add additional dealer locations in the coming years. Last year's deliveries were in the 2,700 level and expect to increase that further this year. So Russia is an exciting opportunity for DAF as they continue to build their business there. As we look at Australia, Australia is a strong market for PACCAR, always has been a market leader there. Australia is a reasonably good economy, and some of the challenges, currently, with some of the minerals, but long-term outlook for Australia in our business, is very positive.
Ross P. Gilardi - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And in Colombia, what were you seeing there? You were seeing some slowdown earlier in the year, last several quarters?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, I think the Colombian slowdown, we've -- we talked about that I think previously, continues to be subdued. I think we -- again, we have a strong presence in that market, we're the market leader with the Kenworth brand in that market, and we see good long-term opportunities to kind of -- to grow that business as the demand recovers.
Ross P. Gilardi - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then, just lastly, I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit about the order trends you're seeing in North America amongst the larger fleets versus owner/operators and where you think we are in terms of age of fleet amongst the different classes of buyers?
Mark C. Pigott: Of course, many of the "owner/operators" have really aligned themselves with medium and large fleets, but although they may continue to operate under their own colors, if you will, I think the age is still in that sort of 7-plus year average. And orders have been pretty, pretty steady for the last couple of months.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Kaplowitz from Barclays.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Mark, can we go back to Germany for a second? You mentioned that they're still sort of deciding what they're going to do, prebuy, no prebuy. I mean, is this kind of what you guys thought Germany would be like, that they'd make their decision sort of late summer and fall, and then, you could see a pickup there in that country? Or are they making -- maybe taking a little bit longer than you thought to sort of decide what to do?
Mark C. Pigott: I -- when we were at the Hannover show last year, the German officials commented that they would be coming out with their plans in the September timeframe this year. So I think they're following their -- what they said their plan was going to be.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And that's helpful. And then, going back to vocational, you've talked about vocational being higher-margin. Has that also helped mix -- I think I remember, Mark, from a previous call, that you said it wouldn't really help mix this year, but has it, did it have some impact in 2Q?
Mark C. Pigott: No, but we're starting to see some better orders coming out of the -- let's call it the construction segment. Obviously, the residential home construction gets a lot of positive press. You don't really see too much on the commercial construction side at this time. In fact, I think a number of large, international companies that do, let's call it, commercial construction, are sort of adjusting their forecast. But on the residential, I've seen some benefits there.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then, just one other quickie, like one of the previous questions was around sort of the other markets. And one thing that we see, Mark, is a pretty decent inflection this quarter. And it's been going down for -- the other segment has been going down for the last few quarters. You've talked about Colombia. Our -- or did one of these markets materially pick up sequentially or is there some seasonality to the other business that we should know about?
Mark C. Pigott: No, not that -- you're talking specifically about the...
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Other countries, so like Mexico...
Robert J. Christensen: Yes, we had a very nice second quarter in Mexico that offset some of the softness in Colombia.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of J.B. Groh from D.A. Davidson.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: I liked your comments on efficiency of customers, and I was just kind of curious if the -- if there -- if what they have said to you regarding hours of service requirements has maybe changed attitude toward buying or capital needs, if you could comment on that?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, it -- it's a good question that way, I'm not sure that -- let's call it, one regulatory law introduction will sort of trigger a buy, no-buy decision amongst these fleets. These are very thoughtful, insightful customers who, of course, they recognize what regulatory actions will increase or decrease their cost of doing their business. I think it's really more in the aggregate that -- how do they remain competitive, how do they take care of their end customer, the benefits they see from our new products and the new products we've introduced or about 30% of our current production now. So that's going very, very well. It's just -- it's a myriad of different inputs that the customers have to decipher in order to make that purchase, no-purchase decision. But I think they're -- say, they're generating good results and if we get a few more elements of the economy starting to improve, it could be good for the truck industry.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: So a little bit of a nuance, but certainly, the macroeconomic drivers are bigger?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, that's very well put.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: And then I had -- maybe you could comment on kind of general trends in your credit quality, seems like Financial Services have done pretty well.
Mark C. Pigott: You bet.
Robert J. Christensen: Yes, the financial services business continues -- the portfolio continue to perform very well for -- at the end of the quarter, our over 30-day past dues were 70 basis points. And so credit losses are relatively low and obviously, generating record profits was a big... recognition of the efforts that our teams put together in the Financial Services segment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So real quick, the deliveries were up 14% in the quarter sequentially. I think your guidance was 5% to 10%. Can you just talk about where things were a little bit better than you might have expected?
Mark C. Pigott: Okay. Well, I think the -- most of it was in North America. The short answer to that one. Guys just did a very good job of not only continuing with our vehicles that we've had in production for a couple of years, but also incorporating and launching the new vehicles and updating the factories and continuing to improve the efficiencies. So they, the production and engineering material team, did an outstanding job.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess in Europe, on the -- barring any changes for other countries or whatnot, would you expect the prebuy to basically peak here in the third quarter, then?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, it depends on the country, as we mentioned. I think Belgium, the Netherlands and the U.K. have pretty defined prebuy transition plans. So the orders come in, but we'll be building them in the third and the fourth quarter.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. But the orders should peak in the third quarter then?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, you would think so, but depending on the country's guidelines, there may be customers who are waiting -- and I think we talked a little bit about the guidance from Germany. If that comes in September, I mean, you're going to be placing your orders in the fourth quarter.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Sure. Understood. Okay. And I guess, on the first quarter call, I think you mentioned that some of the weakness in the Parts business in the first quarter was related to Europe. So should we interpret that the strength here in the second quarter reflects a recovery in the European Parts business?
Mark C. Pigott: No, I think it's pretty much strong all over. Maybe a little bit more for North America than Europe. I think Europe reflects just a little bit more of a challenging economy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer from Vertical Research.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Mark, I think you mentioned the mix of the T680 and the 579 was 30%, I don't know if I heard that right, of production. Is that still higher in the order book and how high do you think that could get?
Mark C. Pigott: It is a little higher than the order book and obviously, the teams are working hard to continue to grow that. Coming -- in the last 12 months, it's been right on target and we're very pleased.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay, and it was production, then, the 30% you mentioned?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, that's right.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: And then, I know it's been parsed over and over, but in Europe, your orders did pick up, you didn't take the industry forecast up. Did you think that you were gaining more share than you had expected or is this just a little bit of a lumpiness when the prebuy comes for you?
Mark C. Pigott: I think part of it is the prebuy. We're maintaining our share comparable to last year, still have half a year to go to see how the share translates. But people really enjoy and benefit from the DAF vehicles and I think we're certainly getting the benefit out of the U.K. market at this time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Uhlman from Cleveland Research.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: I was wondering, can you talk about dealer inventory levels both in Europe and in North America? Do you think you have enough inventory to meet any projected prebuy incremental demand out of Germany for the fourth quarter? And in the U.S., do you have enough inventory on the dealers lots for improving vocational demand?
Mark C. Pigott: Of course, it's always -- inventory levels, always, are probably looked at a little bit differently between the OEM and the dealer. I think our dealer inventory levels in North America are at a lower level. I think our dealers probably think that's a good thing. But certainly, we think the inventory levels could be a little bit -- a little bit higher, but we're certainly meeting our customer demand. In Europe, slightly different economic outlook. As we get into the prebuy, orders are moving through the dealers very quickly and right into the customers hands. So I think the dealer inventory level in Europe is -- it's satisfactory.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. Got it. Could you also talk about what you're seeing, in general, for leasing trends in North America? Or where do we stand in terms of your own unit deliveries, and has that changed much?
Mark C. Pigott: For leasing? Yes, I'd say, it's pretty consistent with levels that we saw in the prior year, probably up slightly. PacLease continues to add additional locations throughout their system, which is very beneficial, as more and more customers look to have nationwide or support for their vehicles as they cross the country. So leasing is strong and continue to make a good contribution to the Financial Services segment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexander Potter from Piper Jaffray.
Alexander E. Potter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: So I just, basically, have one question. There are a couple of other people who alluded to this, but basically, it's this disconnect, seeming disconnect between the production forecast and it's not just you guys. I mean, there's a number of different folks who are out there projecting an increase in production, an increase in orders in the back half. And then, you referenced here this recent publication with the Top 100, that same publication is talking about surveying fleets and how they're not excited about buying new trucks or are less excited about buying new trucks than they were this time last year. So it seems like there's this potential disconnect. At some point, something has to give, either inventory builds up and it ends up being a pressure on the entire industry or end market demand picks up and everything is wine and roses. I'm just wondering, which of those 2 scenarios you think is likely to play out? If you could just kind of talk through what the puts and takes are there?
Mark C. Pigott: I don't think it's either of those scenarios, actually. As I say, our inventories are in excellent shape. Of course, we build to order. So we get an order in for a dealer who, typically, has a customer in mind and we build it. So we flex our production levels that way. In Europe, we're seeing increased orders coming in, as I had mentioned, some of it is related to a prebuy, primarily in the U.K. We may see some of that in Germany as we get into the fourth quarter. So the inventory levels for our dealers in Europe are at satisfactory levels. So I think that's a very normal business. Yes, you're correct. Obviously, we not only read that article, I alluded to it. But of course, we know all of those customers. I think if you look a little closer at that article, it will say that many of those fleets are looking to increase the number that they're ordering compared to a year ago. But be that as it may, in North America, we're looking at comparable production in the third quarter compared to the second quarter. So I think -- I think it's all in balance. It should be pretty much business is normal. We find that the benefit, of course, is all these wonderful, new products we've launched and the benefit that will bring to our customers. So I think it's -- it's very much in balance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Leiker from Robert W. Baird.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I want to dig through the Parts business a little. Very strong performance there versus what we saw in the first quarter. It seems like it's stronger than just what utilization would be. We hear you talking about the truckers, it sounds like there's a little bit of a weakness on the freight side in Q2, but you had a pretty strong Parts business. Can help explain that a little?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I think the Parts business in the first quarter was good also. I think we have to understand that there was -- it's gone from strength to strength, is the way we look at it. And I think as we -- we just begin to break out this segment, so I think obviously, a lot of new information. But Parts has always been a very solid contributor to the growth of PACCAR since the beginning of our company, and we've got the largest population of vehicles. We have Kenworth, Peterbilt, DAF over 1.5 million vehicles running around the world. We have the most extensive and strongest dealer network, I'd say, in the industry, and we continue to add dealers every year. We've got a lot more fleet-defined programs in Parts, whether it's the way we do centralized billing to the way we have all-makes parts. So there's a lot of very good and focused programs that are contributing to the growth of Parts. Not every quarter has such strong growth, but over the long term, we look for steady growth out of Parts.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Are you at the point where the Parts revenue stream from the MX engine is starting to be part of the driver?
Mark C. Pigott: No, no, not at this time. It's a -- that'll be off in the future.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Another couple of years there, probably?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, probably. Maybe.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then, one last item here on the Euro prebuy. I want to ask the question, a little bit different way. As we go through that in these 3 countries and potentially, Germany, in most of these regions where we've had prebuy that first quarter afterwards, things fall off pretty dramatically. What are your thoughts about that in early '14?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, it just depends on what type of derogation guidelines are implemented by country. Some countries may allow a certain percent of your production in the previous year to be built in the following year. Also of course, the biggest driver for our whole industry is the economic development within the Eurozone. So if you got some insight into that, I'm sure there'll be quite a few people interested in it. So obviously DAF, as with Kenworth and Peterbilt, are also committed to continuing to grow their business. And so I think -- there might be some adjustment in the first quarter, but easily work through it. We've seen, gosh, what have we seen? Four of these in the last 12 years, so you work through it and move on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Kauffman from Buckingham Research.
Jeffrey Asher Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: I got to be honest, my questions at this point have been asked and answered. So let me just throw a small one at you. The improvement in gross margin, I apologize if you hit this, I got on the call about 5 minutes late. How much of that is a mix issue in the manufacturing business with the Parts business being better, and how much of that is your raw material costs are actually down and lower?
Mark C. Pigott: Okay. Good question.
Robert J. Christensen: There's really 3 parts to it. There's obviously, a little bit of a volume impact, some factory absorption that's been to our benefit, a slight improvement in material cost and then, there's a mix impact associated with our Parts business as well. That, more or less, accounts for it.
Jeffrey Asher Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: And how would you split up the improvement between the 3?
Robert J. Christensen: Oh, I'd say, they're probably all about the same.
Jeffrey Asher Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: 1/3, 1/3, 1/3. Okay.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Robin E. Easton: I'd like to thank everyone for their excellent questions, and thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-23 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Robin E. Easton - Treasurer Mark C. Pigott - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Ronald E. Armstrong - President Robert J. Christensen - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Ross P. Gilardi - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Eric Crawford - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Alexander E. Potter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded. And if anyone has an objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Robin Easton, PACCAR's Treasurer. Mr. Easton, please go ahead.
Robin E. Easton: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Robin Easton, Treasurer of PACCAR. And joining me this morning are: Mark Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ron Armstrong, President; Bob Christensen, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President; and Michael Barkley, Vice President, Controller. [Operator Instructions] Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Mark Pigott.
Mark C. Pigott: Good morning. PACCAR reported good revenues and net income for the first quarter of 2013. PACCAR's first quarter sales and Financial Services revenues were $3.9 billion and quarterly net income was $236 million, an after-tax return on revenues of 6%. I'm proud of our 21,700 employees, who have delivered industry-leading products and services to our customers worldwide. PACCAR's first quarter truck segment results reflect lower industry truck sales in North America due to slower economic growth. Class 8 industry retail sales in the U.S. and Canada were 45,000 units in the first quarter this year compared to 54,000 in the first quarter last year. Customer truck purchases are focused primarily on replacement vehicles for their fleets. PACCAR delivered 30,500 trucks during the quarter, in line with our projections. PACCAR generated steady aftermarket parts and service revenues and strong PACCAR Financial results during the first quarter. The U.S. and Canadian Class 8 industry retail sales are estimated to be in the range of 210,000 to 240,000 units this year. In Europe, the greater than 16-tonne truck market is projected to be in the range of 210,000 to 235,000 units compared to 222,000 units sold last year. Looking forward, PACCAR truck deliveries in the second quarter are expected to increase 5% to 10% compared to the first quarter. Second quarter gross margins should be similar to the first quarter. It's encouraging to note that housing starts in the U.S. are projected to be over 1 million units this year and there is some growth in nonresidential construction. Other good economic news is that North American auto production is expected to be 15 million vehicles or higher this year. These positive trends should benefit truck demand. In fact, freight tonnage in the U.S. is at the highest level in 10 years. That's good news. These indicators have translated into many dealers and customers earning record results in 2012. Turning to Europe. Freight in Germany, as measured by truck miles driven, continued at levels comparable to last year. DAF truck orders in Europe have increased 29% compared to a year ago. And we're beginning to have some customers, particularly in the U.K., accelerate purchases of Euro 5 vehicles ahead of the introduction of Euro 6 emission requirements next year. PACCAR's strong balance sheet and positive cash flow have enabled the company to invest over $1.5 billion in new products and services in the last 2 years. Last year, PACCAR launched the Kenworth T680, the Peterbilt Model 579 and the DAF XF Euro 6. These new products have received excellent reviews from customers, dealers and industry experts for their innovative design, high quality and fuel efficiency. This year, PACCAR has complemented these on-highway trucks by launching new vocational trucks: the Kenworth T880, the Peterbilt Model 567 and the DAF CF and LF Euro 6. And I think it's important to note that PACCAR has the newest and most modern vehicle range in the industry. I think all of these new products will certainly benefit our customers; fuel-efficient, ergonomic vehicles begin to go into production. Very exciting. In addition, PACCAR has expanded its range of proprietary engines with the introduction of the updated PACCAR MX-13 and the new PACCAR MX-11 engine. The PACCAR MX-11 engine will begin production at DAF in the fall of this year and is planned to be available in Kenworth and Peterbilt vehicles in 2015. PACCAR's global business initiatives are making excellent progress. Capital spending this year is estimated to be $400 million to $500 million and research and development expenses are estimated to be $250 million to $275 million. Construction of the new DAF assembly factory in Ponta Grossa, Brazil is on schedule and is expected to begin production in late 2013. PACCAR Financial Services revenue were $293 million in the first quarter compared to $261 million in the prior year. PACCAR Financial's first quarter pretax income was $80 million compared to $71 million earned last year. This is the best first quarter in PACCAR Financial history and the second-best quarter ever for PACCAR Financial. The excellent results benefited from growth in portfolio balances, lower borrowing cost and used truck prices that have increased 75% in the last 3 years. In summary, PACCAR is enhancing its leadership position in the global truck market by launching the highest-quality products and services in the industry and by investing in new geographic regions. Thank you. And I'll be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Andy Casey with Wells Fargo.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I was intrigued by the up 5% to 10% quarter-over-quarter delivery comment that you made. Could you update us on the European market conditions, especially related to orders? Current market condition is obviously a little rough. But one of your competitors talked about a low double-digit order improvement in the first quarter. Have you seen something like that?
Mark C. Pigott: You bet. DAF continues to do very, very well. We've seen orders year-on-year in Europe, up about 29% in Europe. I think some of our competitors may have had some numbers that reflect some increased orders, but those might be worldwide numbers. So the numbers for DAF are Europe.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: That's great to hear. And then a few questions on the R&D expense. The 2013 outlook increased modestly obviously. What drove the increase? And then secondly, given that you realized about 30% of the new expense range midpoint in the first quarter, how do you anticipate the R&D is going to be allocated by quarter? Is it evenly? Or does it progressively get lower as the year goes along?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes. That's a good question. We're very excited and our customers and dealers are excited about all the new products. The biggest product launch, I think, in our history if you go back over the last few years, so there was a lot of R&D associated with that. And we still have plenty of R&D with new engines that are being launched and still some new options and variations on the new products that are being launched. But I think over the course of this year, R&D will gradually tail off.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ross P. Gilardi - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just back on Europe. So you've seen a nice uptick in orders, it sounds like, but you've taken your industry forecast down a little bit this year. So could you just talk about the dynamic there a bit?
Mark C. Pigott: Right. Well, we've got some orders coming in. I mentioned briefly that we're starting to see some Euro 5, I guess, you could call it prebuy orders. There's many countries have different cutover dates in terms of being able to purchase or produce Euro 5 versus Euro 6. We just had a very successful show in Birmingham, the U.K., where we launched the new CF and LF and that generated a lot of interest and a lot of orders from our customers there. We'll just have to see what happens as the year progresses. But I think customers are starting to realize that there are some benefits to Euro 6, but it will be at a higher cost of EUR 10,000 to EUR 15,000. So some of them are saying it might be worthwhile purchasing Euro 5 vehicles this year, and that's -- now we're coming up to May. People are saying, "I need to start making those decisions." So I think for the total year, Europe has obviously got some challenges, just as a general eurozone economy. But I think if it's comparable to last year, it would be a pretty good year in Europe.
Ross P. Gilardi - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And then the detail you provided on parts versus trucks, and so forth was very helpful in your parts margins, I think you came in around 14.3%. Can you talk a little bit about where that has been historically and where you think it can go? And do you see any revenue acceleration or cost impact in the parts business as you open up your new Parts Distribution Centers in several locations?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes. Well, we appreciate it. We're trying to keep giving the good information so that you and your peers can make good decisions, so thanks for the feedback. I think parts margins have probably improved a little bit as we've gotten more proprietary products out there. And certainly, we're pushing that in North America. And Europe's probably had more proprietary with their own axle and engine for many more years. But I think in terms of products that we're bringing to the market for our customers, we're trying to do a better job of sourcing. I think margins are going to be sort of in line with where they are now. Certainly, as we add new distribution centers, we're looking for some growth in our sales, particularly as we get into new markets, like South America. But just continue to achieve some improved efficiencies in the way we're processing the logistics of the orders of the entire parts operations. So we've got a very talented team in Parts, keep coming up with new ideas and new products to sell and new services to offer our customers. So I think it looks very bright, very good future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Kaplowitz from Barclays.
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So Mark, PACCAR at Mid-America talked about a pickup in vocational trucks, which do tend to carry higher margins. Maybe you can update us on that improvement. Have you seen it continue? You mentioned a little bit in your release. But do you expect that improvement to be reflected in your margins? Is it already? Or is it coming still?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, the Kenworth and Peterbilt team, I think, have done a very good job. The new products they just introduced with the 880 and 567 seemed to be timed pretty well as we see that the housing starts, particularly in the U.S., increasing, getting back to some, let's call it, closer to replacement levels on housing starts. Peterbilt and Kenworth have over 40% market share of the vocational market, which is good. And vocational is probably about 20%, 25%, maybe 30% of the total market. That could improve as we see more construction going on. It does tend to have a little bit better margin. I don't think it's going to have a significant impact on this year. But I think certainly the Kenworth and Peterbilt team are well poised with their new products to continue to do very well in that marketplace.
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Mark, that's very helpful. And then let me just shift gears. One of the biggest deltas, at least versus our expectations, continues to be in the regions outside of North America and Europe. So maybe you could talk about when we might see stabilization. You talked a little bit last quarter about countries like Colombia, Mexico, Australia. What are we seeing in these regions? And are we going to stabilize in these regions?
Mark C. Pigott: The Mexico market is actually reasonably steady. Colombia had a large infrastructure investment with their pipelines that's been completed. But they're now looking at other infrastructure development. Of course, the big area that we're focused on is getting our plant in Brazil up and running. I was just there a week or so ago with the team and very encouraged. We're planning to be building DAF Trucks there later this year. And Brazil, as we've talked I think in previous calls, continues to have very good margins for manufacturers. And many of our competitors generate a sizable portion of their profits from Brazil. I think maybe 1 or 2, that's the only place they make money. So we're looking forward to being in that marketplace. We're coming in as a premium product. Certainly, everybody knows what we offer. We have a great range of DAF Trucks. We've got many dealers that are investing in new facilities, and it's very exciting. But it'll take time. We're just starting out this year slowly, and we'll grow over time. So I think that'll be a good benefit for PACCAR. Australia is an important market, it's a smaller market. And we tend to be the market leader there. It's been fairly, fairly stable. And then over to Asia, big markets but not a lot of money being made there, but important markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan from JPMorgan.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Talking about Brazil, can you talk a little bit, Mark, about what you would expect the competition to do? I mean, the competition is just not going to allow DAF to come along and take market share away, particularly given the sizable margins in the region. How have you seen the competition react previously when you've brought out new products or tried to gain share? I know Brazil is unique. But maybe you could talk about what the competitive reaction might be.
Mark C. Pigott: We compete against an excellent group of competitors in the marketplace. I'm sure that they're having their own calls. And I know that you're very thorough, so I'm sure you're asking them those very same questions. So I don't want to jump ahead of what they're saying. I think the good news for the Brazil market is that DAF is the premium-value, high-quality product. All of our competitors know that. It's a relatively small world that we compete in. We know the competitors, they know us. And unlike some new competitors under Brazil, who are very interested in just gaining share and getting a foothold at a very low price, we're going to come in and offer our customers a wonderful value with a great product that's going to deliver for them in terms of efficiency and helping their operations be profitable. So I'm sure that the competitors are continuing to make their investments in their facilities, in their products, in their dealerships just as we are also. So it's pretty similar anywhere in the world. But I think, Ann, to your point that what we're going -- we're coming in as the premium, and that's what we've done over 108 years now around the world. So I think that is probably relatively good news for our competitors.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. I do appreciate the color. And then back to Europe -- Euro 5, Euro 6. I mean, in a way, the worst thing we could see this year is prebuying because it will just come out of next year. Can you talk a little bit, Mark, about -- are your dealers tempted to prebuy also and store some of these or carry an inventory of some of these Euro 5s as well as your end fleet customers? Can you just talk about the mix there a little bit?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes. First of all, of course, like everybody, we have dealer meetings on an ongoing basis, and our dealers are probably in the best shape they've been in for my 35 years. They are great facilities. They're making excellent returns. They've got strong teams. And of course, as an OEM, we're supplying them with wonderful new trucks and services and Financial Services. So the dealers are doing well, their inventory, I think, generally is probably at the mid- to the low state. So they're in great shape that way. In terms of Euro 5, there are different guidelines by country, so dealers are not really able to store vehicles. They have to abide by the requirements of each country. So I think it's really going to be driven more by the customers. The customers know that they either have to put in service or have to purchase Euro 5 vehicles by a certain time and each country has their own guidelines on that. So dealers are doing well.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And what about used equipment when we switch to Euro 6? I mean, I've heard some dealers talk about the fact that 50% of their used equipment goes to regions of the world where ultra-low sulfur diesel is not available. Would that be similar for DAF dealers, that a significant number of used trucks end up in countries where no ultra-low sulfur diesel is available?
Mark C. Pigott: I think a few years ago, there's probably more of a trend towards that. But you look at countries, like Russia. They want to have good, new products operating, meeting whatever their latest Euro emission requirements are. So I think Used Trucks will be good if you -- next year, if you want to buy a truck and there's a Euro 5, that's going to command a pretty good price. So used trucks really have had a strong growth over the last 3 years, as I mentioned in my comments. And we're producing the best trucks we've ever had in our history. So I think the customers and the dealers really appreciate that. Used trucks is a very, very good business right now, very good.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I bet, if it's a Euro 5.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I'm wondering if you'd just talk about the plan for PACCAR Financial in Brazil. At which point do you ramp up the Financial Services subsidiary in the region?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Sure, you bet. Just as we do around the world, Jerry, as our volumes grow in various markets, we make decisions at various points in time to supplement our business with a finance operation, and we'll follow that same practice in Brazil. As the volumes grow, we'll decide at the appropriate point where there's enough volume to support a standalone finance operation. And we'll work closely with banks in Brazil to support our operations and make sure that our customers have the best financing options available.
Mark C. Pigott: And I think picking up on that, Brazil has some guidelines in terms of local content, in terms of weight and value, about 60%, that allows you to qualify for some national financing programs. And most of our competitors do that. We certainly plan to be part of that program, which is a good advantage for our customers and our dealers. So that's what we'll be doing. As Ron mentioned, working with -- there's a couple of major banks in Brazil. They're very good banks. We'll work with them and structure a program to enable our customers to have a competitive financing program just like the competitors have.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And switching gears to Europe market, can you just put the order growth comment into perspective for us? Can you talk about what the book-to-bill was in the quarter for DAF in Europe or talk about how much the backlog grew in the quarter?
Mark C. Pigott: I think that the -- well, the backlog year-on-year is about the same for DAF. And we're finding pretty steady order intake right now, which allows us to have pretty steady production. As I mentioned, we're starting to see the early signs of -- I call it -- you can call it a prebuy or just people buying more trucks is another way of looking at it, starting in the U.K. That may, over the next few months, begin to filter out to different countries on the continent. So I think we're in pretty good shape.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And in terms of what you're hearing on the incentives side to, I guess, mute the impact of prebuy, it sounds like Germany and Poland are considering some toll road incentives there. Can you just talk about what you're seeing across the region and how you think that plays out?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes. Well, I think each country is evaluating whether there is an incentive to purchase Euro 6, whether it's a straight-out incentive or a lower tax or something on the toll road. So there's a lot of different ways to approach it, and each country has their own guideline and their own governing body that's going to determine that. And that's beginning to take shape. But I think it's still going to be a couple more months before we really get it clarified for all of Europe. But I think Europe, probably more than North America, tries to have incentives to direct customers to partake of the latest environmental-improved vehicles. We see that. We've seen that a number of times, whether it's Euro 4, Euro 5 and now Euro 6.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And lastly, I'm wondering if you could talk about pricing conditions on order activity today compared to what you're shipping out of backlog in North America and Europe. Any meaningful changes in the landscape?
Mark C. Pigott: No, I think pricing has been pretty steady over the last 3 to 6 months. Obviously, we're very excited about these new products that we're launching and the new engines we're launching that hopefully will continue to contribute to good margins and maybe even slightly enhanced margins.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Tiss from Bank of Montréal.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Can you talk about why the penetration in the U.S. with the PACCAR engine is still kind of low? I know that when you first introduced it, you were hoping to get it up to 50-50 over a reasonable period of time. And it still seems kind of below that.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, it's at 30%, and we're seeing some good, particularly good growth this year. I think what we've been able to do and dealers are very excited about it, is we launched these new truck products, and there's been a lot of it, you've seen it in the press release, a number of those truck models are tailored to have the PACCAR engine in it, which I think the customers will find very advantageous. So we're excited about it. Yes, we're at 30% share, and we feel very confident that, that will grow and perhaps even accelerate over the near and medium term as these new truck models come out that have been designed for the PACCAR engine. So a lot of good work being done by our engineering teams.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And can you give us some -- a little bit of a framework on margin impact from all the initiatives you've had? Launching new products is obviously very expensive and opening your factory in Brazil. So as we go into '14 and '15, can you give us a sense of how much drag there has been on the operating margins in the last 2 years from all these initiatives?
Mark C. Pigott: I mean, I think that the ramp-up, we've continued to add additional people in Brazil as we've started factory construction. We just added our first line supervisors to our team. We've had the executive team in place for quite some time. So we'll continue to see that as -- build as it gets closer to building our first trucks in the fourth quarter. So it's been a negative effect. But I wouldn't say it's a sizable impact on our operation.
Robert J. Christensen: I would say the same thing for the introduction of the new product. You see some small increase in our R&D levels, which we expect to plateau and go down during the course of the year. But it's rather small in terms of impact on margins.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Volkmann from Jefferies.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just a little bit of a clarification, I guess. Mark, you had mentioned sequentially, you thought production could be up 5% to 10%, and then I think you said gross margins, essentially flat. And I guess, I would expect some sort of volume benefit in your gross margin, if you had that much sequential increase in production. So I'm wondering, is there sort of an offset there we should be thinking about? Or are you being perhaps a bit conservative? What's the right way to look at that?
Mark C. Pigott: No, I think we're being -- that's the way we look at it. Obviously, we've got a -- we take on some people as we increase production, working with some of our suppliers to make sure that everybody can increase their production. I think there continues to be, just in the marketplace, people are looking for the best package they can get in terms of pricing. Our customers, as I mentioned, are doing well. But they're not expanding their fleets. It's more of a replacement. So everybody is still very conservative and cautious in terms of the amount of pricing that they're willing to allow an OEM to increase. The marketplace, as I've shared, is similar to last year. Last year was a good year for PACCAR. But our customers, our dealers are saying, "Okay, we're seeing some good things, but every day, there's sort of challenges out there." So I think we'll produce more and we're looking forward to that. But I don't think the margins that we're selling to our customers is necessarily going up at the same rate.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Understood. And then maybe just quickly on the MX-11 engine, can you sort of lay out your expectations for that product over the next year or 2 in terms of, I don't know, volumes or penetration? Or how should we think about that opportunity?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, sure. That's a good question. Of course, the MX-11 is really going to be going into our DAF product first, and we'll bring it into North America in 2015, which is a number of years from now. And we look for the MX-11 over time to be 20%, 30% of our volume in Europe. It's a very exciting product. It's got great torque and great horsepower in a smaller package, which is really the trend we're seeing around the world. And of course, in North America, as we've talked over the last 12, 18 months, the 13-liter is essentially the same volume now as the 15-liter on a general industry level. And the 11-liter in Europe will probably take some of the business from the 13-liter in Europe, as people are saying, "I can get 400 horsepower and strong torque, and that's all I need to move my products around." So we're excited about it. It's one of the first all-new engines that have been unveiled to the industry by any competitor for a long time. So it's very exciting.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And can you make that product in Mississippi as well?
Mark C. Pigott: In fact, we're making about 1/2 of it in Mississippi. So between our 2 engine factories in Holland and Mississippi, there's a great collaboration and sort of best practices as we do a lot of benchmarking. So they make about 1/2 of it there and ship it to Holland.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook from Crédit Suisse.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: A couple of quick questions. At Mid-America Truck Show, it was mentioned that some of the dealers, I think, in particular Peterbilt dealers, inventory levels were cited in some instances as too low. Can you talk about how you're feeling about dealer inventory levels both at Peterbilt and Kenworth? And then I guess, my second question, on the margin side, I think last quarter, you said for the full year you expect margins to be about flat. Is that still your expectation with R&D coming up modestly? And then my third question, I guess, is you've done an impressive job gaining market share in North America. I mean, do you assume you can hold that share this year just with sort of the competitive dynamics changing a little that we could take a step backward before we move forward or hold share?
Mark C. Pigott: Three great questions. First, it was a good show at Mid-America. And the dealers' inventory is in terrific shape if you're a dealer. They're doing well. I think that they recognize that the market, particularly for vocational, we're seeing a bump in that. They'll probably bring some more stock on. But dealer inventory, as I say, is probably in the best shape it's been for years. So they're very comfortable. And I think they'll begin to increase their inventory modestly. In terms of margins, yes, we still expect it to be relatively comparable to last year. I don't see a lot of changes on that. R&D will begin to decline, as I mentioned earlier. We've got -- we've come out with a lot of new products and a lot of those programs are starting to wrap up. Obviously, some new programs will take their place. But I think you'll see that decline. And then in terms of market share, it was a record market share last year. We've never been market share-driven. We think the market share will probably be comparable to last year. But what we're excited about is coming out with all these new products and just enhancing our dealers' and our customers' business with great new products. So market share; different competitors are at different cycles in their business. We've seen that for many, many decades. And I think our market share will be sort of in line with last year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Crawford from UBS.
Eric Crawford - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Not to beat a dead horse, but I'm still trying to understand the lower outlook in Europe. What drove the reduction? And I'm curious, actually you mentioned steady order intake right now. But I'm curious how the cadence of orders trended for DAF in the quarter.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I think the cadence was pretty steady. As I say, we had a good show in Birmingham. I don't know if you were there or not. But of course, launching of the new products and with some of the U.K. regulations and guidelines on Euro 5, Euro 6 that got people's attention. And DAF in the U.K. has been the market share leader. We've got a great team there. So that's generating a lot of very positive business for us. I think in Europe, you read the press as well as we do, it's just -- many countries are in a recession. There's certainly challenges. Freight overall is flat, certainly in Germany, which has a very good program in terms of being able to track freight. You compare that to the freight in North America, which is at a 10-year high, a big difference. Obviously, customers carry the freight. That's what drives their business. And I think there could be -- if there's a prebuy, that may be good for the first 3 quarters or so, but there might be a slowing in the fourth quarter. So I think it's just being conservative and trying to reflect the ongoing eurozone business conditions is really what we're looking at.
Eric Crawford - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. Assuming retail sales do come in at the middle of that range, flat year-over-year, what kind of delta should we expect in terms of your production? Are you going to be overproducing, underproducing?
Mark C. Pigott: You're talking about for Europe now?
Eric Crawford - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, of course, one of the great things about working for PACCAR is we only produce what we have orders for. So I never really think of it any other way. So we vary our production levels to reflect incoming order rates. And right now, DAF's been pretty steady on their build rates for about 17, 18 months now. And we've got a very good team out there getting the orders. And market share is pretty much in line with what it was last year. So we'll see what happens.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just going back to the second quarter delivery target, up 5% to 10% sequentially, can you give us any more details on how that breaks down U.S. versus Europe?
Mark C. Pigott: You bet. I think it'll probably be about 2/3 in North America and about 1/3 in Europe.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then on the 29% increase in orders for DAF year-over-year, can you give us any color on what that did sequentially? I mean, was there something unusually soft in the prior year quarter?
Mark C. Pigott: No, I think a year ago, the orders were actually pretty good. And what I see is we've been able to benefit this quarter, the first quarter of 2013 with some strong order intake, particularly in the U.K., really surrounding the exciting launch of the new CF and LF at the Birmingham show. I think that stimulated some good orders in the last month or so.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So orders were up from the fourth quarter to the first quarter then?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes. They were -- well, they were actually -- they were up a little bit on sort of the medium side and relatively flat on the heavies.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly, I was surprised to see the Parts sales number down for the quarter year-over-year. Is that -- is there something going on there? I mean, I think it was up 3%, 4% or so last year. Is this just kind of a hiccup here?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, they've been on a -- Parts has just done a marvelous job. They've had such strong growth over the last 10 years that I think people are just having a little bit of a breather. They keep coming out with wonderful, new programs. And we just had dealer meetings in the last month or so. They're still excited about it. I think most of that, probably the parts impact was in Europe. The dealers being just a little bit conservative about the parts and obviously a little bit of maybe slower servicing side also at the dealerships. And servicing is usually the biggest customer of Parts for either business. So just once again, Europe, just a little bit conservative that way, a little bit slower.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Potter from Piper Jaffray.
Alexander E. Potter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Let's see here. So I was wondering if -- you talked a lot about the vertical integration and the integration of the MX engine obviously into your products. I was wondering if it's possible to quantify a fuel economy benefit that you might be able to articulate to customers when you're pitching that as kind of a packaged product as opposed to using outside engines.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, we have several benefits using our engine. Typically, they have a couple percent improvement on fuel economy, but they're also lighter. And as I say with the new products, we've been able to package them in a smaller hood. So you have a little lower profile of the vehicle. And of course, we're excited about our own engine. We think it's got great reliability. It's very quiet, easy to drive. And so it's something that we've been working on for 50 years, great driving experience. And I think that really sort of sums it up.
Alexander E. Potter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. Then there's, I guess, one other question. I was wondering just in terms of the long-term direction, obviously you've been spending a lot on new products. At the end of this year, Brazil will be in production. I was wondering kind of what the next big thing is. Have you guys thought of, I don't know, maybe going to China? I guess, what is the next big strategic initiative?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, we have a lot of initiatives around the world. Speaking of China, we do sell into China. We've been proud to be selling into China for many, many decades. It's small numbers, but we'd look to grow there. And we're starting to get a foothold in India, which is also very exciting for us. And I think really Brazil is not just sort of a open the door, and then it's over. We're there for 50, 100 years. And so we want to grow that and bring the same sort of great service and great products that we bring to our customers in North America and Europe. And of course, there's always opportunities in growing in the Middle East and Africa, so there's a lot of things going on.
Alexander E. Potter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: But not necessarily an appetite to replicate the Brazil approach in some of these other big, developing markets?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I don't think I can really comment on that at this time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer from Vertical Research.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: So just wanted to follow up on the 11-liter. Out of curiosity, was any of the R&D increase this quarter and this year related to any final work on that and/or the decision to go to the U.S. in 2015? And just wanted to ask the decision to go later [ph] in Peterbilt and Kenworth, was that product fit-related or just because the market is not as big for the 11-liter here in the U.S.?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes. I think the 11-liter -- yes, obviously there has been R&D and capital investment for the 11-liter in terms of the manufacturing side of our business, but also just supporting it and getting our dealers ready for it. The 11-liter is a smaller market size at this time in North America. And I just thought it made more sense to begin in Europe, where really we only have PACCAR engines in our DAF products. And we have the 9.2-liter at DAF. And this is a nice, new product to, let's call it, transition from the 9-liter to the 11-liter. So that's really the reasoning.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Great. And are you seeing any increase in mid-size fleets in the U.S.? Credit availability, I guess, you can see. Is that continuing to be okay? And are you seeing the mid-size fleets sort of step up? And then if I could just sneak in my last one, have you announced any production timing changeover for Euro 6 when you stop making the Euro 5?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes. I think the -- I'd say all fleets, small, medium, large that are operating today are very experienced. They've been through some challenging times over the last decade and they're doing well. I can't say that one is stepping up versus the other. I think they each take a look at their own customers and see how they're doing. Obviously, there's been a lot of discussion recently about housing starts and, of course, housing starts also translates into white goods and carpets. And the car business is strong right now, so there's some benefit for steel and glass and aluminum and electrics, electronics. So if you're a trucking company that works for that industry, you're thinking things are pretty darn good.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Got you. And the changeover for the Euro 6, Euro 5?
Mark C. Pigott: It really -- the deadline is January 1, 2014, but the transitions are occurring now. We're selling Euro 6 XF vehicles today out of DAF. And we'll be introducing the CF and the LF as we progress through the middle and the latter part of this year. And so a customer can have a Euro 6 vehicle or they can have a Euro 5 vehicle up to January 1, 2014, if they're driving in the eurozone. But we'll continue to offer Euro 5 vehicles outside of the eurozone.
Robert J. Christensen: Next year, absolutely.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Denoyer from Wolfe Trahan.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Question on your North American outlook. It seems to imply that truck orders rise into the second quarter from the first quarter after running at sort of a 180,000 kind of a rate for the first quarter sales, where they usually kind of take a small seasonal step-down. Can you talk about quoting activity and what you're seeing that would support an improvement in orders from here? And how long does it usually take for the bidding activity that you've been seeing, I think, since January to translate into orders?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes. We are certainly thinking, and along with our entire industry, that there should be a pickup in the second half. We're not the only industry that's saying that. As you read the financial press, there are many industries that are talking about it. I think for the general U.S. economy, they're certainly hoping for an improvement in the second half. So certainly, our industry is in line with that. In terms of seasonality, typically, we don't see a lot of seasonality. Yes, there are people who buy different -- for different sectors of trucking, but that tend to be evenly spaced throughout the year. So I don't really see much seasonality on that. We're starting to see some customers are interested in replacing more vehicles, say, coming out of the Mid-America Show, where Kenworth and Peterbilt launched a lot of new products. There was a lot of interest. The dealers were in great shape, having a little bit of improvement in their stocking. So we're seeing people there say, "Hey, it seems like a good time. I'm getting more of a positive feeling for the general economy. But it's not just booming, but getting a better feeling." So that's positive right now. And in terms of the amount of time it takes to -- for the customer to think about an order, to placing an order, it really depends on that customer. I can't really say much more than that.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Can you just give us a sense of just historically, if you saw an increase in quoting activity? Is it 60 or 90 days later, where you'd see orders start to pick up?
Mark C. Pigott: Oh, I see what you're saying. Okay. All right. Yes, it's hard to say. But I'd say probably in, let's call it, 30 to 90 days because some customers are ready to move quicker than others, but it's -- there's a range like that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Kauffman from Sterne Agee.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Two quick questions. When I'm out talking to truck fleets manufacturers, they're telling me how raw material costs are coming down. And I was just wondering what you're experiencing and if that's a factor in the second half if current trends continue.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes. I think you and I talked, maybe a couple of years ago, raw material probably had more of an impact. We're seeing because of lower demand on a global basis, some decline in raw materials. Some of it has picked back up a little bit. Let's say with the car guys, we're seeing steel was way down, and now it's come back a little bit, rubber coming back a little bit. But in general, the global demand has slowed. It's not way down. I mean, you've got major countries, China, India, that still have very strong GDP growth, although it may be lower than it was a few years ago. Typically, with our long-term contracts, which probably cover over 70% of all the product we purchase from suppliers, that tends to be sort of flattened out.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then one follow-up. I know you -- I saw you took the top end of some of your forecast for this year down slightly, yet in your annual report, you said Financial Services assets should increase at about a 5% to 10% rate this year. Are you holding to that Financial Services asset forecast or might that come down a little bit with your kind of global vehicle forecast?
Mark C. Pigott: The annual report is written the end of last year. So that's now 4 or 5 months behind us, and lots of things have happened. I mean, based on the truck forecast ranges that we've talked about, 210,000 to 240,000 and 210,000 to 235,000 in Europe, I think we'll continue to see growth in the portfolio assets because what -- the collections that we're collecting today are originations in 2008, '09 and '10, when portfolio growth was smaller. So we'll still see some modest growth.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Brian Sponheimer from Gabelli.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Going back to just the previous question about vehicle age and what you're seeing come back to you, we had a very large year for U.S. sales Class 8 trucks in 2006 ahead of 2007 EPA. What sense or what kind of data are you seeing with the trucks that are coming back to you now for fleet replacement? Is that '06? Or I guess, it would be the '07 model year all the way through the system. Or could this be a real opportunity for increased sales and production for the next 18 months?
Mark C. Pigott: In a normal market, a vehicle that's 5, 6 years old will certainly be into its second owner and have pretty high mileage. You could take a look at anywhere from 500,000 to 1 million miles on those vehicles. But with the recession of, let's call it, '09, '10 and part of '11, the mileage on a lot of these vehicles was substantially decreased. They may have been parked, they just may have had less business. So we're finding that those vehicles actually are in great demand because they have typically lower mileage than you would normally associate with a vehicle 5, 6 years old. And so we do talk about an older vehicle fleet age of 7, 8 years old. But if you have a truck that's 7 years old but only has 500,000 miles, it's in pretty good shape versus one that has 1 million miles. So you kind of have to read between the lines on what these vehicles are actually bringing to the party. Right now, those vehicles on the used market are really doing well.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Right. Well, I guess, I mean, if you were able to define any sort of forecast for your own fleet customers who are potentially selling some of those vehicles on to their second owners right now and getting some pretty substantial markups on the used side, do you think that there's any opportunity for you over the next 18 months or so because of this dynamic? Or has that ship sailed?
Mark C. Pigott: We have a portfolio of trucks that we have on operating lease in our finance operation and in Europe as well. And so we have a constant inflow of used trucks coming back to us. It's not a huge number, several hundred trucks each month in both North America and Europe. And yes, we're able to pass those on based on the market values at the time, which -- we put the values on them at inception based on the strong residual values that the PACCAR products realize in the second-hand market.
Operator: You have another question from the line of Tim Denoyer from Wolfe Trahan.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Just a quick follow-up to my earlier question. You were saying that it typically takes 30 to 90 days from the increase in quoting to orders. And I was just checking my notes from the call 3 months ago, and you had said that, I think, it was mid-January that quoting activity had picked up. So 90 days later, are you seeing an increase in order activity at the moment?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, the good news is we're increasing our production hopefully 5% to 10%, so we're seeing a little bit.
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Robin E. Easton: I'd like to thank everyone for excellent questions, and thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-31 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Robin E. Easton - Treasurer Mark C. Pigott - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Ross P. Gilardi - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Timothy Thein - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Alexander E. Potter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc. Satish Athavale
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded, and if anyone has an objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Robin Easton, PACCAR's Treasurer. Mr. Easton, please go ahead.
Robin E. Easton: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Robin Easton, Treasurer of PACCAR. And joining me this morning are Mark Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ron Armstrong, President; Bob Christensen, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President; and Michael Barkley, Vice President and Controller. [Operator Instructions] Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Mark Pigott.
Mark C. Pigott: Good morning. PACCAR reported good revenues and net income for the fourth quarter. PACCAR's fourth quarter sales and financial services revenues were $4 billion and quarterly net income was $253 million, an after-tax return on revenues of 6.3%. For the full year of 2012, PACCAR reported record revenues of a little over $17 billion. Net annual income was $1.1 billion, an increase of 6% versus 2011. This was the fourth best net income year in our history and PACCAR's 74th consecutive year of earning a net profit. Earnings per share were $3.12, an increase of 9% versus a year ago. More good news. PACCAR's dividends increased by 22% during the year. I'm very proud of our 21,800 employees who have delivered industry-leading products and services worldwide. Our dealers and customers in North America and Europe are benefiting from good freight demand, as evidenced by strong aftermarket parts and service business and excellent PACCAR Financial performance. Customer truck purchases are focused primarily on replacement as they continue to navigate the uncertain global economy. PACCAR delivered 31,700 trucks during the fourth quarter, an increase of 2% compared to the third quarter of 2012. I'm pleased to report that Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF grew their market share to record levels last year as customers recognized the benefits of our high-quality and efficient trucks. PACCAR's retail share of the U.S. and Canadian Class 8 truck market was 28.9% and DAF's share of the European above 16-tonne market was 16%. During the year, Kenworth and DAF delivered 6,300 trucks in the Andean region of South America, that's the region outside of Mercosur, and a record 2,700 units in Russia, an increase of 80% compared to 2011. Looking forward, PACCAR truck deliveries in the first quarter of 2013 are expected to be comparable to the fourth quarter of 2012, although they could be lower by 1% to 2%. The fourth quarter North American industry truck orders were encouraging, but there continues to be pressure on truck margins in North America and Europe and we expect first quarter gross margins to be slightly lower compared to fourth quarter. Other good news, though, there is some improvement on vocational truck sales as housing starts are increasing, primarily in the United States. Looking at the truck market overall in 2013. The U.S. and Canadian Class 8 industry retail sales are estimated to be in the range of 210,000 to 240,000 units. In Europe, the greater-than-16-tonne truck market is anticipated to be in the range of 210,000 to 250,000 units. There may be some customers in Europe who will accelerate purchases of the Euro 5 vehicles ahead of the introduction of the Euro 6 emission requirements in 2014. Reviewing 2012, I'm pleased to say it was a milestone year for PACCAR as we launched more new trucks than at any time in our history, and that's a lot of trucks. Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF have updated over 60% of their product range with new fuel-efficient, ergonomic and, I like to say, stylish vehicles. We're very pleased with the excellent response from dealers and customers to the new Kenworth T680 and the Peterbilt Model 579. The new DAF XF Euro 6, powered by the PACCAR MX-13 engine, will begin production this spring. PACCAR's global business initiatives are making excellent progress. New product investments continue in 2013, with many exciting launches planned during the year. Capital spending in 2013 is estimated to be $400 million to $500 million and research and development expenses are estimated to be $225 million to $275 million. Construction of our new DAF assembly factory in Ponta Grossa, Brazil, is on schedule and is expected to begin production in late 2013. PACCAR, as you may know, has approximately 5% share of the total South American truck market, and our medium-term goal is 20%. PACCAR is investing in its network of 15 parts distribution centers to meet the demands of our customers and dealers. We're constructing a new 280,000-square-foot distribution center in Eindhoven, the Netherlands, which will be opened in April of this year. We're also doubling the capacity of our distribution center in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. Turning to PACCAR Financial. PACCAR Financial Services revenues were $298 million in the fourth quarter compared to $266 million in the prior year. PACCAR Financial's fourth quarter pretax income was $79 million compared to $67 million earned in the fourth quarter of 2011. The excellent results benefited from growth in portfolio balances. For the full year, PACCAR Financial revenues were $1.1 billion compared to $1 billion a year ago and pretax income was a record $308 million compared to $236 million in the prior year. PACCAR Financial, with its strong A+ credit rating, has excellent access to the commercial paper and medium-term note markets. Last year, PACCAR Financial issued $2.2 billion in medium-term notes, all at competitive rates. So in summary, PACCAR continues to enhance its leadership position in the global truck market by investing in new geographic regions and the highest-quality products in the industry. Thank you, and I'd be pleased to answer any of your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Andy Casey from Wells Fargo Securities.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: On the 2013 planned R&D reduction, is that just related to an exit from product transition?
Mark C. Pigott: That's a good question, as you know, and obviously you could share my enthusiasm for all the great things that happened last year. A lot of the R&D was focused on probably 2 primary areas. One was the launch of a lot of new trucks by every major division in PACCAR, and also getting ready for Euro 6 and EPA 13 engine emissions. So a lot of that work has either been completely done or is almost done. And so we have other projects but a big chunk was completed last year.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then I wanted to kind of skip to a bigger-picture question on some item -- on an item that you've covered before. But the cycle-to-cycle margin headwinds, you've kind of mentioned we should expect more subdued this cycle relative to last decade, with part of the reason related to this, as you just discussed, the incremental emissions content. And in North America recently, one of your European competitors that competes down in Brazil kind of mentioned the same thing showing up, post Euro 5, down there. And then looking forward, do you expect Europe to be similar to those other regions post Euro 6? And then what sort of actions actually can be taken to kind of offset that and reinvigorate some of the margin performance?
Mark C. Pigott: You bet. Obviously, an area that everybody here spends a lot of time working very diligently. Let's take a look at in sort of 2 segments -- or maybe 3. First of all, Euro 6, the additional cost just to meet the requirements, and I think you've heard this from many people in the industry, will be over EUR 10,000 per vehicle. So there will be additional costs that customers will have to get comfortable with. And we've seen every 3 years or so for the last 20 years, that has some impact on the OEM margins so we just had to work through that. Obviously, we're very diligent about working with programs, whether it's Six Sigma or 5S or other program to try to offset some of that cost impact. On a broader global view, we're working hard as we get into Brazil. And we talked about beginning production late this year. Brazil, so far, has the highest margins of any truck market around the world. And that's certainly benefited our competitors and we look forward to sharing the benefits of that market as we really get up and running and growing our business in Brazil. So I think that's a positive. Another one is, as we bring in our own MX engine and we move things like a common rail, a fuel injection, and we continue to work on reducing the cost of the after-treatment and EGR cooler, I think there's some benefits for margin enhancement on that. And I guess complementing that is the continued growth of our aftermarket business as we get a bigger footprint around the world and continue to be the most focused and most efficient manufacturer in our industry. So I think there are some benefits out there that should enhance margins. But of course, the biggest driver, and I think you and your colleagues have mentioned this many times, is let's get back to a market that's in the top 5 of the last decade and I think you'll see some exciting opportunities. That's really going to be the big driver for margin enhancement.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi from Bank of America.
Ross P. Gilardi - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I had a few questions on Europe. I mean, it looks like, for the industry, you're basically guiding to flat at the midpoint, and the registrations would've finished the year on a pretty weak note. Could you just give us a better sense of what you think the cadence of the year will look like? And if we don't have a prebuy in Europe, is that basically what the low end of the range for Europe of 2010 is implying, i.e., kind of a 5% decline in 2013?
Mark C. Pigott: I think, when you look at Europe and North America, they're probably going to be similar. I think it's been pointed out certainly by competitors and industry analysts. We're really looking for a stronger second half in the North American market and in Europe also, and some of that may be driven by prebuy. We've got a few inklings of some positive economic trends here in the U.S., we'll have to see how that translate into the broader economy. In Europe, if people decide that they want to take a little bit more of a wait-and-see attitude on absorbing the Euro 6 cost increases, that'll have an impact. There may be ongoing challenges in some of the European countries in terms of their just general economies. So I think that's why we have a little broader, broader range there. And of course, as the months go on, we'll all get a little bit smarter and be able to adjust that range accordingly.
Ross P. Gilardi - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then could you just talk a little bit more about pricing and what you're seeing in the different regions and maybe what we should think about in terms of a price contribution overall for 2013 at this point?
Mark C. Pigott: Are you talking about truck pricing?
Ross P. Gilardi - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Truck pricing, yes.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes. Well, the good news is that many of our dealers, because of their strong focus and work on their absorption, had record years last year or very strong years, and a lot of our good customers are starting to report strong and, some of them, even record results in the fourth quarter, from what you see in the different industry press. So that's encouraging. The people that are still operating, and there's many, many good ones, have survived a couple of tough downturns in the last decade. But they're cautious, some of them have announced that they're going to be increasing their purchases, but I think, in that, it's still primarily replacement because I think everybody's waiting to see what the tone and the direction of the general economy is. And as we move through the year, if the housing gets going, and that's going to be a benefit for steel and concrete and brick and everything, all the white goods that go inside a house, we'll see a lot of our customers perhaps expanding their fleet, and that'll be good for pricing overall.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Kaplowitz with Barclays.
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Mark, maybe following on, on that last question, if you could talk about order trends that you've seen recently. Obviously, we've seen sort of a -- maybe some of the political headwinds that have been out there in the U.S. have started to subside a little bit, and certainly, the markets, the equity markets, are doing pretty well. And you mentioned some freight guys reporting decent results. Have you seen any subtle change in your customers recently?
Mark C. Pigott: I think, in terms of our -- I mean, we have the same great customers we've been working with for quite a few years. But the positive aspect that we monitor on a daily basis is, say, quotations and inquiries in terms of who is looking for trucks and how many trucks are they looking for. And I think, obviously the first half of last year was pretty strong and then it slowed down in the second half, as you can see by the truck data. In the last, I'd say 2 months, we're actually seeing an uptick in inquiries and quotations. Customers are saying, "You know, it could be good this year, or certainly better." So I think that's somewhat encouraging. That has not translated into a one-per-one order intake. And you've seen a number of our competitors have announced a shutdown or layoffs and different types of programs to reduce their costs. So I think there might be some improvement in the fundamentals just as we look at the number of quotations that our customers are interested in getting current pricing on.
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, Mark, that's helpful. If I could shift gears. If you look at your other revenue, you're reporting geography -- your geographical presence. It dropped a little bit sequentially. I assume some of that, maybe a lot that, weakness is Mexico. But maybe if you could talk about that particular market and then any other sort of one-off markets and how they're doing, Australia, Middle East, that kind of stuff.
Mark C. Pigott: Sure. Well, Mexico, which we've been there since the late '50s, it's really one of the jewels in the crown for us. And the Mexican market is pretty good. It did slow down a little bit. I think what probably had more of an impact was the country of Colombia, which has been on a very proactive, positive growth program for the general economy over the last few years and have taken a lot of our trucks and have done very, very well. They've completed some of their projects, including a major pipeline, but they're now reviewing other infrastructure investments, which I think will stimulate truck demand again. So that's had a little bit of a slowdown last year. That may take a little bit of time to reenergize. Australia, it continues to perform well and achieved many records last year. And we continue to be a leader with the Kenworth product, and then in the last few years we've also introduced the DAF product. And DAF's done very well in Australia. So that's gone well. So overall, I think, maybe a little bit of a recalibration in, let's call it, Colombia and a few other countries. But I think they're going to get back on track.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan from JPMorgan.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Well, maybe you guys could talk a little bit about your truck sales which were up -- down 19% year-over-year, but Financial Services revenue is up 12%. Is that a penetration story? And maybe you could just give us some more color?
Mark C. Pigott: Sure, we can. Well, the finance group has really done an outstanding job. And our lease organization set many records, which we're very proud of. So I think you've summed it up pretty well that we're financing about 30% of our trucks on a global basis and the customers that we're financing are doing well. I mean, very low past dues and the customers are making good money, as you've seen. So I think it's just -- it's really a credit. I'd look at it as a positive, it's a credit to our finance organization for coming out with the programs and working closely with our dealers and customers to continue to grow that business. And $308 million operating profit, all-time record, is a nice credit to the entire finance organization.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Turning around to first quarter guidance. You said that it will be comparable to Q4, maybe slightly lower. If we add up the days, we would probably have a couple more days in Q1 versus Q4. So are you implying that you're cutting your daily production rates again? Or are we losing days because Easter is early or something like that?
Mark C. Pigott: We've had a few shutdown days, like everybody else. So yes, you're absolutely right on your math in terms of there are a few more days in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter, with the holidays in the fourth quarter. But I think, just looking at the number of trucks and margins, it's going to be comparable. There's certainly some -- a couple of percent pressure impact that we're looking at.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And just finally, as a follow-up. Are you going to be offering the 12-liter Cummins Westport CNG engine? And what -- are you getting any inquiries on the CNG side? Is that where some of the potential pick-up in inquiries is coming from? Or maybe just speak to that whole sector.
Mark C. Pigott: Sure. Well, we're very proud, particularly, well, all of our truck divisions, of being a leader on the natural gas industry and been doing this for, well, gosh, over 15 years now. We offer the 9-liter and the 15-liter, but we're certainly -- are well aware of the 12-liter and have worked with Cummins. We continue to be Cummins' largest partner. We're proud of that and proud of what they've done. So I think, in terms of the natural gas, we've got great product. In terms of the inquiry pick-up, I'd say it's more on the vocational side and perhaps more on some of the -- are just online truckload customers. Natural gas will be a factor, but at this time it's a pretty small factor. We'll just have to see over time how the infrastructure shakes out to -- across, well, North America and, certainly, Europe. Well, we offer a full range and we continue to be the leader and we're proud of it.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And Mark, was that a no on the 12-liter?
Mark C. Pigott: We have 12 liters running in our fleets and we continue to look at a wide range of offerings. Of course, we're very excited about an engine called the MX-13.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Hence the reason I was asking. But okay, I'll talk to Rob and ask about that [ph].
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Mark, I'm wondering if we could talk about the R&D budget for 2013. And can you just frame for us the reduction? Was it an opportunity to combine some engineering across a couple of platforms? Or are there any projects that you're pushing out? Just give us some context, if you don't mind, on the better productivity or otherwise.
Mark C. Pigott: Sure, absolutely. Well, I think, as we might have mentioned earlier, we've completed a lot of major, exciting projects and launched a lot of new products. R&D, I think the change is really minimal because we'll continue to work on new projects and products every year. And I think as 2013 progresses, I know a lot of our engineers have got new things they want to share with the industry, so that'll be a lot of fun and good for our customers and our dealers. And I think that's the very straightforward story.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then if you could just flesh out for us the production outlook for the first quarter versus the fourth, if you don't mind. We heard from one of your competitors reducing build rates in Europe, and I'm just wondering, how does your Europe-versus-U.S. production mix look like relative to the production guidance that you gave.
Mark C. Pigott: I think, in line with my comments and a little bit of what we talked about in the press release, that the production both in Europe and North America will be comparable, though it could be a couple percent down compared to the fourth quarter. And customers are liking our products. And we continue to look at new products and maintain the strong growth and the share that the teams have been able to achieve over the last number of years. So I'd say comparable, though there's -- there could be 1% to 2% down.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And lastly, you have a meaningful new product launch in Europe. I'm wondering if you could just comment on the margin structure of the new product compared to the one it replaces. Are there any material cost reductions or otherwise? And then what are the implications of the product rollout on your production schedule in 2013 versus what might be a more typical seasonality at your facilities?
Mark C. Pigott: Right. That's the new DAF XF Euro 6 which we launched at the Hannover Show in September. People are very excited about it. I think, in terms of pricing to the customer, it's going to be comparable. We're obviously excited about some of the aerodynamics and benefits that the vehicle will bring to our customers. And that'll -- so it starts coming out April, May time and I think there's just a gradual buildup over the rest of the year. And hopefully there'll be some small benefit on the margin side, but we'll just have to see how the general economy plays out across Europe because that is the large macro impact that all of us have to work through. But it's a very exciting, great-looking truck and -- boy, it just got a lot of positive press, our customers and dealers are really looking forward to production.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Volkmann from Jefferies.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Mark, a couple of things, follow-up. First, you've made some sort of encouraging comments about the vocational market. If that were to flow through, is that margin-enhancing for you, an increase in the mix of vocational?
Mark C. Pigott: I think, slightly, yes, yes. We're -- obviously, we work with a number of the major bodybuilders and they are slightly encouraged by what they're seeing. And there's -- but yes, it's good business. Also, over time, it's -- over time, it's good business for dealers, parts and service because these vehicles are in some rugged applications.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Super. I then wanted to ask a couple of things on the MX engine that you mentioned a couple of times. What's the mix right now in kind of your most recent few months of orders of MX engine for you guys?
Mark C. Pigott: It continues to be in the 25% to 30% range. And yes, we've -- so we just passed the -- I think we're up to about 35,000 out running, and that's going well. We've got a lot of very positive stories from our customers about excellent fuel economy, reliability, low noise, easy to drive. So we're very encouraged. We got -- have you been down to our Mississippi factory yet?
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: No, I'm afraid I'm maybe the only one who hasn't. But I would tour it...
Mark C. Pigott: All right, we'll get you down there. You'd enjoy it.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Can I just ask, I'm assuming that all of these engines are now coming from Mississippi and that you're no longer importing anything meaningful from Europe on this MX engine. Is that correct?
Mark C. Pigott: That's essentially true, yes.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So that should actually be helpful to margins in '13 versus '12, I'm guessing.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I mean, a little bit. We're actually making a few things now in Mississippi that we're sending to Europe. So the factory is fully engaged and completely outfitted with wonderful robotics and new machinery. We have a great work force there. So I think, over the next couple of years, you're going to see a lot of really wonderful things coming out of Mississippi.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Two questions. First, Mark, just on the margins, if we look at margins as we end 2013, let's talk about operating margins relative to 2012. You'll have lower R&D. Europe, potentially more profitable products. Vocational, potentially more profitable products. You talked about shipping more engines from Mississippi and stuff like that. I mean, overall, given the forecast that you've given, do you think your margins in 2013, your operating margins, can be -- do you expect them to be up versus 2012? And then my next question is, can you just talk about, as we ended 2012, sale -- trucks going into sort of the energy markets, how much they were down and what your expectation is or what you're seeing in terms of order trends more currently for trucks going into the energy markets?
Mark C. Pigott: Sure, sure. I think, on margins, I think it's going to be, as I've mentioned at the beginning, for 2013, will be...
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: For the full year, as we end the year, not for the first quarter.
Mark C. Pigott: Right. I think it'll be comparable to 2012. We really need -- and you've been very excellent and diligent about asking these questions for many years and we try to give you good answers. The overall market is still down and we've got to get the general economy going again. I mean, it's not just us as representatives of the commercial vehicle market, there's lots of different industries that want to get this market going again. And I think, as that happens, with the improvements and the investments we've made in our factories and our processes, we'll see some margin enhancements. So if we can get back to a solid 2%, 3% GDP growth, and customers are feeling good about growing their fleets, which is important. I think we started out the comments by saying it's going to be primarily a replacement market, then you'll see some enhancement because our factories are ready, they're the most efficient in our history. These trucks are the best we've ever built in our history. And that's -- so we're ready.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: No, I mean, I -- no, I get that. But to some degree, you could say you have an R&D tailwind, which we didn't have before. Do you know what I mean, so, you have a more profitable mix? Like, I'm just surprised it's not better than what you're -- I mean, is pricing the biggest factor when you're thinking about things, I mean, besides the market?
Mark C. Pigott: Absolutely. We still have plenty of competitors that, let's say, have a slightly different view on pricing than we do, and that's the world we live in.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then -- sorry, on the energy side, what you're seeing there.
Mark C. Pigott: Oh, the energy. It's -- we sell to the major energy producers, they're great customers. I think that side has slowed down a little bit, there was strong orders last year, that we still continue to get orders. But I think it's now shifting back more towards the, let's call it, traditional on-highway customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Thein from Citigroup.
Timothy Thein - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just following up on the mix, but it was actually trying to get at the truck-versus-parts mix. And you had mentioned a lot of the work you've done in terms of expanding your distribution centers. I'm curious what -- or when -- the benefit of having these 30,000 MX engines in North America in operation, when do you start seeing a -- when do you get enough mileage accumulated, where that starts to become additive to your parts contribution.
Mark C. Pigott: Absolutely. Well, we've got a great history, of course, with the MX engine in Europe. And it's going to be a couple of years. And of course, the good news is we want these engines to be fantastic, and they are. And so to have parts business is some benefit, but we're really working hard to not have too much. But it's a couple of years.
Timothy Thein - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And just so I understand it, Mark, what leads to the Class -- in changing in terms of how you -- the capitalization versus expensing of the new product tooling, what -- why does that occur, I guess? I'm trying to understand why it was...
Mark C. Pigott: Okay, are you talking about the little footnote we had?
Timothy Thein - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes.
Mark C. Pigott: Okay.
Unknown Executive: Yes, just we identified certain production tooling investments that were long-lived assets and therefore were capitalized.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, that's pretty straightforward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Nolan from Deutsche Bank.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A couple of questions. First, as we think about a Euro 6 equipped truck, it's EUR 10,000 more expensive. When you look at the operating costs for the customer, does it go up? And what happens to the fuel economy?
Mark C. Pigott: Actually, the fuel economy, with the additional after-treatment, is able to stay at the same level as Euro 5, which is a big plus. There's a lot of additional equipment and we've been able to maintain our weight positions. So the truck is -- one, it's receiving a lot of attention from customers with the attractive operating characteristics, as it will be launched in spring.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And if I could just follow up on the R&D questions. It makes sense that the R&D would be coming down post some of these product launches that you had in 2012. Would you expect the R&D to pick back up going forward in 2014 and beyond as we get into kind of a more volume business in South America and, hopefully, volume in North America and Europe comes back?
Mark C. Pigott: I think R&D will be in the range that you've seen over the last couple of years. It may not have the peak for a number of years because we've updated and replaced over 60% of our trucks, so that's the majority of the trucks. The big-engine emission requirements are done, although now we're working with greenhouse gas which is -- really goes from 2014 to 2017, in that time frame. So I think it's going to be in the range. The factories that we're building will be complete in Brazil this year. But there's always opportunities and new great ideas that come up from our teams. But I think it's in the range. It may be a little bit lower for a couple of years. But if we come up with a great new idea, we're going to fund it and put people on it and work hard on it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to ask about Brazil. So you're talking about production starting, I guess, in the fourth quarter. Should we expect an expense ramp ahead of that as you add staffing and tooling and things? I mean, is that something that we need to factor into the margins for the second half of the year? And I guess the follow-up is, when do you think you would be at kind of a critical mass of production there?
Unknown Executive: Yes, so as the Brazil plant continues to develop during the course of the year, we would expect to see a little bit of investments there that will affect our results, but it'll be gradual as we go throughout the year.
Mark C. Pigott: That's on the expense side. And then in terms of ramping up, well, certainly, we hope that our customers or potential new customers get excited about the product. We've had a lot of early indications, and we're putting our dealer network into position throughout the country of Brazil. But it will take a couple of years to ramp it up because we build to order, as you know, but early indications are people are looking forward to the product, the product is performing well. And a lot of the customers are aware of DAF. They either have connections with European operators or they've seen the DAF operate in different countries in South America. So they've also seen how it competes very well against the current suppliers in Brazil and they know that DAF is now #2 in Europe. And that gives them great comfort that DAF will offer a very robust, high-quality product for the Brazilian and Argentinian market.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: If I -- and if I could ask a follow-up. If your -- I mean, it seems like your CapEx and your R&D is getting -- is peaking here or has peaked, so maybe heading back the other way, does that change your thoughts on capital allocation at all with share repurchase or increasing the dividend?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, the -- that's a great question. Of course, one of the wonderful opportunities of working for PACCAR is we have a very strong balance sheet, a very conservative, focused company so that we're able to do, within reason, a lot of these different activities. Have a good CapEx program and repurchase shares and continue to invest in the overall business. So as CapEx comes down a little bit, I think it's important to recognize we have still many, many projects going on. We have all these wonderful ideas being generated everyday by our teams throughout PACCAR, that we'll continue to fund these great ideas and we want to make sure that we have a very attractive program for our shareholders. And you've seen over, well, decades, a very good quarterly dividend program, occasionally a special dividend, if that's what's merited, and a share repurchase. So we try to work on all fronts with equal facility.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of J. B. Groh from D.A. Davidson.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Did you -- I might've missed this, did you give the truck and aftermarket parts sales numbers?
Mark C. Pigott: We will to you, J.B.
Unknown Executive: Yes, the -- for 2012, it was -- the parts sales were 2,667,000,000 compared to 2,577,000,000 in 2011.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. All right, so I can back out from there?
Mark C. Pigott: You bet.
Unknown Executive: Yes.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then I -- great picture of the new Eindhoven facility. Do we -- when would we -- would we expect to see any sort of inventory impacts from opening that in early part of the second quarter?
Mark C. Pigott: I'm -- no. But I'm glad you raised that because I think a few people talked about general inventory, and I think you all noted that inventory has come down. And I would anticipate inventory would come down a little bit more particularly as the few remaining 2010 -- EPA 2010 engines are installed in customer vehicles. So we pride ourselves on excellent inventory turns and low inventory. I think you'll see some improvement in the first quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Potter from Piper Jaffray.
Alexander E. Potter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: I wanted to come back to the natural gas theme here. I know that you guys have historically, I guess I'd characterize it as, hedged your comments there. You're acknowledging that it's a theme. You're prepared for it. You have the product...
Mark C. Pigott: And we're the market share leader, no hedging there. We're full in.
Alexander E. Potter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Exactly. All of that -- right. But you have stopped short of saying that this is kind of a fundamental change. When you talked about it just here a couple of minutes ago, you were talking about mostly on vocational, not yet on long-haul trucking. You have people talking about this year or at some point, presumably, this being kind of a transformational thing, but it sounds like, maybe this year, you don't see that coming. Would you say that that's accurate?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, there are certainly numerous conferences, and maybe you've attended some of them or read about them in industry press. We're excited about the opportunities in natural gas. We have the products. We've got the experience. Our dealers are ready. We certainly have some long-standing customers, particularly a number of them in the port areas. If the infrastructure and a major company, whether it's in the resource industry or somebody else, makes a investment to allow online, highway, natural gas trucks, we're ready for that. That's all we can do. We're ready. We're the leader. So we're excited about it. But until that happens, we'll continue to sell to people that have other requirements in the industry, which is diesel. It's a wonderful fuel and it's very productive.
Alexander E. Potter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then, I guess, my last question here, on G&A. If you could just comment on, I guess, kind of what tools you have in your toolbox for trying to maintain G&A, maintain flexibility in the face of kind of this production uncertainty. I know that last quarter people spent a lot of time talking about production cuts across the industry, to try to realign themselves with this kind of new normal. Would you say that that's -- that theme has basically played out? Or are we just going to kind of see this continue to bleed out over the next couple of quarters?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, G&A and SE&A and managing our general budgets has been one of -- I'm glad you brought it up because that has one of PACCAR's strengths and is -- for 107 years. We run a very efficient, tight ship. And I think we typically lead the industry in the up cycle and the down cycle and the status quo cycle. So that's one of our great strengths. And if the industry is sort of similar to last year, we work it, we continue to see how we're going to become more efficient. And I think, as we've shared over the last, oh, gosh, couple of decades, we're trying to get 3%, 4%, 5%, 6%, 7% productivity improvement in our factories every single year. In fact, we now have a program where we go out and we'll work with our suppliers and our dealers and teach them how to manage efficiently whether it's through Six Sigma or 5S. And it's a nice little business that we've been able to generate. So that's one of the core strengths of PACCAR.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Denoyer from Wolfe Trahan.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: This is a quick follow-up. I didn't really understand your answer on the tooling footnotes, on capitalization. Was that related to Mississippi or just some new products? Or is that just sort of the normal course of business?
Unknown Executive: It is new product tooling.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: And so that would be sort of an ongoing change, not a onetime thing, right?
Unknown Executive: Yes. It was normal change related to new product tooling in Europe.
Mark C. Pigott: It's really focused in Europe.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: And I guess, as just one other sort of housekeeping: can you give the margins between the truck and aftermarket segments?
Unknown Executive: We'll have that broken out in our annual report when we report it as a segment.
Mark C. Pigott: I think we mentioned in the press release that, with the growth of our parts business, we look forward to having that as a separate segment and so we'll have that broken out.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: And I'm not sure if you'll be able to answer this one at this point. But going into 2013, obviously, production is going to be down pretty significantly on a year-over-year basis, but we are expecting an improvement through the year in both North America and Europe. Overall, do you -- can you give us any sense of what you're expecting for sales for 2013? Are you expecting up, down or flat?
Mark C. Pigott: Sure. I think on -- first of all, on the production side, I think we're looking at that as -- in Europe, it could be comparable. In North America, there's some improvement, should be comparable. So I think that's more of the takeaway, I think, you want to be looking at. It's sort of comparable to last year. I mean, there may be some ups and downs, depending on the economy. That's the main one. On sales -- and sales really follows production, so sort of comparable.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. Would -- should there be some -- a little bit of a headwind given what you talked about in Colombia and some of the Andean markets? Was that sort of overbuilding a little bit relative to normal this year?
Mark C. Pigott: No, no, no. That was -- we build to order. And all those trucks, if you go down to Colombia, you'll see a lot of good-looking Kenworths driving around. And so they're in operation, they're being reassigned to different types of haulage. But we're looking for that to pick up. It may not happen this year in Colombia. I mean, it's just one market. But as they say, if we get the housing market improving, which it's gone from a low of something over 400,000 starts and now there's projections of 700,000, 800,000, 900,000, that's going to have a positive impact on many, many industries. And certainly, trucking will be one of them.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: And there's a lot of truckloads in a house.
Mark C. Pigott: There seem to be. We like it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer from Vertical Research.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: So I had a question on the sequential change in gross margin. It went from sort of, I don't know, 12 4 to, I guess, 11 9 if you back out the accounting change. Is there any production disruption or issue there? Or should I assume it was maybe pricing related?
Mark C. Pigott: I think pricing related is a very astute judgment.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Perfect. That's helpful. And then second question would be: you mentioned the ramp-up in Brazil, are you going to be shipping product? Or are you already shipping product from one of the Western plants to Brazil in order to prep the dealers, in order to stock the inventory and to get sales rolling? And will that have an effect on margin? I don't know, you said a couple of quarters ago you had not done that. I don't know if you've started yet.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, we are -- we certainly have test vehicles running in Brazil, very normal as you go into a new market. And we also have a lot of experience in other countries of South America. So there will be some trucks placed in-country so that the dealers have product to sell. But we're really -- we're building that factory because we're going to supply South America from our Brazil factory. So it's -- that's our focus right now.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: No, for sure, I understand that. I was -- the underlying question is just whether you saw a gross margin hit because you had to pay a tariff on stuff that you were stocking the dealers with until the factory is up.
Mark C. Pigott: That's -- no. No, no impact at all. Good question, though. And of course, we want to invite everybody down to Brazil probably early next year. We can show you our beautiful facility.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Kauffman from Sterne Agee.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I'd -- unfortunately, I'm late in the call here so a lot of my questions have been asked, but let me ask you a fluffy one here. We talk about the new product. You talk about how we're pushing MX and you've got the new XF Euro 6 engine with DAF. What are customers asking you for today that you don't do?
Mark C. Pigott: That is a great question. We should get you on our strategic planning group. It's funny, -- our -- I've been in this business 35 years and I've had -- I got a lot of wonderful friends, customers and dealers. And the list is probably long of things that they would like us to do. The good news is that we are ahead of their request the vast majority of the time and they're very, very happy. But there's always, whether it's minor design enhancements, different services. But I'd say, the vast majority of the time, we're ahead of what they're expecting. But occasionally, there are some really good ideas that we do incorporate. And we have customer panels, groups of people get together. We have dealer groups that get together. We have supplier groups that get together. And it -- I -- this is going to -- you asked me a nice, fluffy one, I'll give you a little bit of a fluffy answer. But we pride ourselves on the highest-quality products with the best residual and the lowest operating costs. And that's what we deliver. So when you're getting that as a customer, you're generally pretty happy.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. So outside of, say, natural gas which, as you say, we're poised and we're ready but it's not ready. There's nothing meaningful the industry is asking for that isn't in the product lineup right now?
Mark C. Pigott: No, no. That's -- no. That's -- I mean, it's a good question, though. We have a very broad array of product offerings and options that we bring to the market on a global basis. And in the markets where we are, I think we have a -- we do a very, very good job. As we move into China and India -- they have slightly different demands and that's what we're working through to get a better understanding of what that market requires. And that's a ways off. But certainly, now with our growth in India, we have a couple hundred of wonderful employees working there, whereas a couple of years ago we did not. That is certainly opening our eyes to another opportunity. And we're sort of bringing that on board.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Sponheimer from Gabelli & Company.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Just a question on December and concerns heading into the fiscal cliff around bonus depreciation. What sense, particularly in the used market, did you get from your dealers that there may have been some sort of, I don't know, I don't even want to call it a prebuy, but concerns that there might have been the loss of the bonus depreciation and maybe some purchases pulled forward from the first quarter?
Mark C. Pigott: Let's talk a little bit about used trucks because that is an important element, certainly, in our life and the life of our customers and our dealers. As we look over the last 4 years, going back to the early part -- or the late part of '09, the good news is that used trucks are up about 65% in value over the last 4 years. And that's very, very encouraging in terms of our average sales price. Towards the end of last year, there was a little bit of a falloff, but now we've seen -- starting out this year, we've seen a pretty steady -- in terms of used truck valuations. So that's one of the real core strengths that we bring to our customers with Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF, is that our vehicles 3, 4, 5 years out are going to be worth significantly more than our competitors', and we said that time and time again in the used truck marketplace...
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Are you comfortable with the amount of inventory, used inventory, in the system right now on an industry-wide basis, as far as holding up most of it [ph] for your trucks?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, yes. No, we're comfortable with it. And I mean, just general inventory for our dealers is actually pretty low. And I think our dealers are adding -- I'm talking about new trucks now, but adding new trucks to customers as they see a little bit of a pickup. But used truck inventory is -- yes, it's reasonable, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Satish Athavale from KSA Capital.
Satish Athavale: So Mark, looking at your aftermarket spare parts business. That business was growing at double-digit pace last year. And throughout 2012, it looks to have decelerated pretty rapidly. And in the second half, it looks like it was actually down year-over-year. So you commented that your customers seem to be doing fine, so why is there this seeming disconnect between your aftermarket spare parts business and...
Mark C. Pigott: Well, the good news, aftermarket was at record levels, so that's -- let's sort of lay the foundation there, that's important. In fact, it's the third consecutive year of record sales for parts. So the -- I think the parts team have done an outstanding job. In terms of any slowdown in the parts sales, and remember this is a slowdown to a record, very important. I think that's -- primarily be in Europe as some of the southern countries, which are well documented, with challenges, we've seen some definite slowdowns there. But on the other hand, we're going to be opening a brand-new distribution center. I know a number of the tech companies get a lot of press when they open up distribution centers. I hope we do also. And we've already had probably close to 1,000 of our parts and service people from the dealers in Europe going through our new center. And I think there'll be some renewed enthusiasm for the aftermarket business in Europe.
Satish Athavale: Okay, great. So for next year, to -- I mean, for this year, 2013, what kind of growth should we expect from the aftermarket business?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, we don't typically break out that. But the team is working hard to do another great job.
Satish Athavale: I'm sure they will. So one last question: what was your effective tax rate, excluding the one-off item, in the fourth quarter?
Unknown Executive: Be around 32%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Van Skiver [ph] from Hedge Cue [ph].
Unknown Analyst: Could you provide your backlog at year end? And secondly, could you give us a sense of what you expect in terms of market share next year given what you see in the present order trends?
Mark C. Pigott: Those are 2 great questions which we typically don't really share too much. Backlog is probably coming down a little bit. But our share is driven by how successful we are in the marketplace.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] At this time, there are no further questions.
Robin E. Easton: I'd like to thank everyone for their excellent questions. And thank you, operator.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's PACCAR's Earnings Call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-25 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Robin E. Easton - Treasurer Mark C. Pigott - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Timothy Thein - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Andrew Buscaglia Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Alexander E. Potter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Robert F. Pickels - Manning & Napier Advisors, LLC Satish Athavale
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded. And if anyone has any objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Robin Easton, PACCAR's Treasurer. Mr. Easton, please go ahead.
Robin E. Easton: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Robin Easton, Treasurer of PACCAR. And joining me this morning are Mark Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ron Armstrong, President; and Michael Barkley, Vice President, Controller. As with prior calls, if there are media -- members of the media participating, we request that they participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Mark Pigott.
Mark C. Pigott: Good morning. PACCAR reported good revenues and net income for the third quarter of 2012. PACCAR's third quarter sales revenue were $3.8 billion, and quarterly net income was $234 million, an aftertax return on revenues of 6.1%. For the first 9 months of this year, revenues were $13 billion, up 13% compared to the same period last year. Net income for the 9 months was $858 million, a 20% increase versus the same period last year. Earnings per share for the first 9 months this year were $2.41, an increase of 24% compared to the same period last year. I'm pleased to report that the results for the first 3 quarters of this year are the fourth best 9-month results in PACCAR's history. In addition, PACCAR's dividend increased by 38% compared to a year ago. I'm very proud of our 22,500 employees who have delivered industry-leading products and services to our customers worldwide. Our dealers and customers in North America and Europe are benefiting from good freight demand and good freight rates, as evidenced by strong aftermarket parts and service business and excellent PACCAR Financial Services performance. Customers are focused primarily on truck replacement as they navigate the uncertain global economy. PACCAR delivered 31,200 trucks during the third quarter, about 17% lower than the second quarter. However, year-to-date, we delivered 12% more trucks than the same period in 2011. More good news is that Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF grew their market share to record levels as customers recognize the benefit of our high-quality and efficient trucks. PACCAR's retail share of the U.S. and Canadian Class 8 truck market was 29% for the first 9 months. DAF's market share of truck registrations in Europe, above 16-tonnes reached a record 16%. In the Andean region of South America, that's the region outside of Mercosur, Kenworth and DAF deliveries increased by 38% to record levels in the first 9 months of this year compared to the same period last year. And looking forward, PACCAR could deliver 1% to 2% more trucks in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter, recognizing that in Europe we have our traditional summer shutdown. U.S. and Canadian Class 8 industry retail sales are estimated to improve this year to a range of 210,000 to 220,000 units, up 9% compared to the 197,000 units registered last year. In Europe, the above 16-tonne truck market is anticipated to be in a range of 215,000 to 225,000 units this year compared to 241,000 units registered last year. Looking at the 2013 market, U.S. and Canadian Class 8 industry retail sales are estimated to improve to a range of 210,000 to 240,000 units. In Europe, the market next year for above 16-tonne truck market registrations are anticipated to be in the range of 210,000 to 250,000 units, as some customers may purchase Euro 5 vehicles ahead of the introduction of the Euro 6 emission requirements in January 2014. 2012 has been a milestone year for PACCAR, as we've launched more new trucks than at any time in our history. Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF have updated over 60% of their product range with new, fuel-efficient, ergonomic and I'd like to say, stylish vehicles. At the IAA truck show in Hannover, Germany, DAF launched its newest model, the DAF XF Euro 6, which is powered by the fuel-efficient PACCAR MX-13 Euro 6 engine. This is the most comprehensive design and development program in DAF's 84-year history. Customer and dealer feedback has been excellent. And I think some of you listening today have had a chance to be at that Hannover show and see the truck in person. DAF will commence production of this new model in the second quarter next year. The new Kenworth T680 and the Peterbilt Model 579 are now in production, and customers and dealers are very enthusiastic. PACCAR is well positioned for future growth as the truck markets recover. It's also interesting to note, speaking of products, that the North American truck industry, 13-liter engines are now at 50% of the market, comparable to the 15-liter share. That's good news for our MX engine. Looking around the world, our business initiatives are performing well. Capital spending this year is estimated to be $475 million to $525 million. And in 2013, we'll invest between $400 million and $500 million. Research and development expenses this year are estimated to be $280 million to $290 million. And next year, R&D will be in the range of $275 million to $325 million. Construction of our new DAF assembly factory in Ponta Grossa, Brazil, is progressing. And we plan to be building DAF trucks in Brazil late next year. And there's a nice picture of the plant in the press release. CapEx will also continue to be invested in our regular product development programs. PACCAR is enhancing its network of 15 Parts Distribution Centers. We're building a new 280,000-square-foot distribution center in Eindhoven, the Netherlands, to be open next spring. We're doubling the capacity of our distribution center in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. And we're also constructing a new distribution center in Brazil to complement our new DAF factory. PACCAR Financial revenues were $274 million in the third quarter compared to $264 million last year. PACCAR Financial's third quarter pretax income jumped to a quarterly record $80 million compared to $62 million earned in the third quarter last year. The record results benefited from growth in portfolio balances and a lower provision for credit losses. PACCAR Financial, with its strong A+ credit ratings, has excellent access to the commercial paper and medium-term note markets. PACCAR Financial has issued over $1.9 billion in medium-term notes this year. In conclusion, PACCAR is enhancing its leadership position in the global truck market by investing in new geographic regions, building on the strength of our dealers worldwide, a robust finance company and the highest-quality products in the industry. Thank you. I'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Andy Kaplowitz from Barclays.
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Mark, you mentioned delivering 1% to 2% more trucks in 4Q. Can you talk about truck production in 4Q? Has it stabilized for you guys? I mean, we've -- we noticed inventories are up a little bit as sales have fallen. So how do we look at margins in 4Q? Do we have more absorption issues in 4Q than we did in 3Q, I guess, is what I'm trying to ask.
Mark C. Pigott: Okay. We're talking about 1% to 2% more production in Q4. And as I indicated, we have our normal couple-week summer shutdown in Europe, as most companies do. And we're past the summer, so we're just back to business as usual. And margins for the fourth quarter, I think, will be comparable to the third quarter.
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And Mark, it's fair to say that the current production is set for what the current order rates are, correct?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, it reflects incoming order rate at the higher market share that we've been able to achieve, which we're pleased about.
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got you. And then can I ask you about the seasonality of the U.S. trucks business? I mean, it seems like since the recession, seasonality has been stronger than it was prerecession. Do you guys see that? Do you expect orders to ramp up here over the next few months as the fleet guys get ready for the '13 trucks?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, that's interesting you talked about seasonality. It's probably been dampened down a little bit since the recession because an important consideration will be the vocational market, particularly -- well, let's call it residential and commercial construction. You had some of that, I think not offset, but by the let's call it natural gas, oil. And I wouldn't call that seasonal, but that's offset it somewhat. Now as you've seen in the papers, there's some improvement and housing starts across the U.S., in particular, which is good. Still at relatively low levels, but certainly, it looks like it's off the bottom. So we're seeing a little bit more interest from some of the major construction groups in getting some new vehicles.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Casey that with Wells Fargo Securities.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple of detailed questions for you relative to the '13 outlook. The comment about a prebuy in Europe, kind of widely expected. I'm just wondering what sort of magnitude you're building into that industry forecast.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes. I think looking at the industry, probably in the 5% to 10% range of our total industry outlook.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then in kind of just building off of Andy's question earlier, the 2013 U.S. and Canada industry sales outlook, could you comment on, not so much your production, but what you think the impact of kind of modest improvement in sales would have on the industry production given pretty sizable 2012 year-to-date industry overproduction on many measures.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I think that's a -- it's a good question, sort of a relative question. I'm not sure that there's overproduction, obviously, as we've talked the last few years, and you've been asking good questions. There's a lot of older vehicles out there. I think as I see many of our customers, there's -- customers are doing well, and they're very happy with our products, and that's contributed to our growth in market share. And when I talk to them, there's a lot of interest in purchasing new vehicles. They've been, I think, more of a replacement cycle at this time. But as we have some general, slowly improving economic outlook, whether it's housing or consumer spending, I think we may see a little bit of, first, replacement of older fleets and then possibly some expansion of those fleets. The companies that are operating today, that have been around for the last decade, are very well managed. They know how to analyze the market, they've got good customer relationships, and frankly, they would like to get some of the new products that certainly we've introduced over the last 12 months.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Sure. I guess a follow-up on that. If we look at your fourth quarter production more on a daily rate as opposed to the quarter total, do you expect that probably goes up during the year?
Mark C. Pigott: You're talking about fourth quarter this year?
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes.
Mark C. Pigott: We're anticipating building more trucks this quarter than last quarter.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Right. I'm just wondering, based on what you're seeing in both U.S. and Canada as opposed -- as well as Europe actually, is that production in the fourth quarter kind of underproducing demand relative to what you're seeing to kind of rebuild backlogs?
Mark C. Pigott: No, we really match -- I'm not sure what our competitors do, but we really match and align our production levels with incoming orders and having a reasonable backlog of demand. So I think our production really reflects what the market is doing at least for our customers is all I can really say.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And one last one for me. There's some potential short-term tax law changes out there. When you develop your total dividend payout on any one given year, do you consider things like short-term tax law changes?
Mark C. Pigott: We certainly take into all the relevant laws out there and what will be the most beneficial for our shareholders, absolutely.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan from JPMorgan.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: My question is around your outlook for 2013, both U.S., Canada and Europe. Could you just talk about what kind of macro environment is encapsulated in kind of the low end of the guidance and the high end? I'm just trying to understand as we go through the year how your views might change.
Mark C. Pigott: I think on the macro side, it would very much reflect what's going on in total GDP for each of those regions, whether it's U.S., Canada, Mexico or overall in Europe. You see the headlines as well as we do, particularly in Europe, what's the next steps towards the resolution of some of the challenges throughout the eurozone. I'm not sure as the final chapter is being written, and I don't even know what's going to be in that final chapter. So that will have -- that will certainly have an impact on consumer confidence, how our customers are doing, freight demand. We follow the MAUT kilometers driven through Germany, and they're better than the last few years but certainly not at the levels of '07 and '08. That's one of the macro criteria that we track. And the good news is, I know our inventories are in very good shape, our dealers are doing well, our customers are doing well, but certainly, the macro will have a lot of impact on our business. So if people feel good, whether it's after the election, or we get the fiscal cliff behind us in one some way, shape, people feeling good, probably going to buy more and build more, and hopefully, that will drive demand for trucks.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And I haven't asked this, but what's your personal view? Do you think that we will see an acceleration in economic activity post elections in Europe?
Mark C. Pigott: I am -- my job is focused on building the best trucks in the world for the greatest customers and provide those services. I want to take that off-line sometime.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Well, let me ask a different one then that you might answer. Your assessment of the prebuy in Europe, there's a lot of discussion around that, whether that would be a prebuy or there won't be a prebuy, and we haven't had any precedent for a prebuy in Europe, albeit there had been tax incentives in prior cycles. But can you talk about what are you hearing from your dealers or what are you seeing that has caused you to assume there will be a prebuy?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, talking with particularly our customers, and we saw quite a few of them at the Hannover show in the last month or so, there's a price increase of EUR 14,000, EUR 15,000, so that's real. And if you're a person operating trucks in your business, that's something you got to be thinking about. And I think that's going to be a very important consideration for a number of our customers if they want to have a prebuy. And as I think I mentioned to Andy, we're looking at maybe 5% to 10%. It's not a large prebuy if it happens. And I think your assessment is correct. There typically hasn't been too much of a prebuy. Each country takes a look at their infrastructure sort of separately and determines if they want to make any incentives for the customers to purchase greener vehicles. We'll just have to see how that shakes out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Mark, can you talk about your expectations for your Latin America and Australia businesses in 2013? Perhaps give us an update on order trends or how you're thinking about the outlook broadly.
Mark C. Pigott: Sure. Well, looking at Latin America, we'll be excluding Mercosur because we're just building our factory. The Colombia market is a very strong for us as they have transferred a lot of oil. But they're building a pipeline now, so they're just coming out with some new regulations in the country of Colombia to begin, I think, some infrastructure investment, which will be good. I think overall for the non-Mercosur, it will be maybe a little bit lower than it has been. What we're looking to do is offset that with growth. We're appointing new dealers. Our current dealers are investing in their territories. We've introduced the DAF product line in a number of countries in Latin America. So I think overall, it might be a little bit of a slower market, but we're looking to see what we can do working with our dealers who continue to deliver and get a higher share in that region. In Australia, it's been good for us. They've had a strong market and had a little bit of a slowdown but now seems to have rebounded a little bit. Australia seems -- the economy seems to be in good shape, so I think steady as she goes.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And Mark, is there a way to put the new locations in Latin America in their context, how many are you expecting to add dealer locations in 2013 versus where you're running now?
Mark C. Pigott: Oh, I'd say probably -- without putting a number on it, 10% to 15% more locations would be in the ballpark.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Perfect. And on capital deployment, you've just delivered major new products in the U.S. and Europe. I'm wondering if you can just provide high-level view of where you're deploying your R&D budget over the course of 2013 and the next couple of years just from a high-level standpoint.
Mark C. Pigott: You bet. As I mentioned, a milestone year this year. Great, great new products. Obviously, one of the major CapEx users next year will be building a beautiful factory in Brazil, that's ongoing; and then we have our normal cycle of new trucks being developed; and then parts warehouses, there's always lots of initiatives to keep our factories the most efficient in the industry -- R&D centers. So that's kind of the high level, but I think primarily focused on factory in Brazil, new products, engine development, pretty normal.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And lastly, your comments on the North America production schedule for the fourth quarter implies, I think, that you picked up some order share over the course of the third quarter because the industry as a whole has been outproducing orders by about 30% in the third quarter, so they probably need to cut. Is that a fair comment? You've seen the industry order numbers. Have you picked up order share in the third quarter?
Mark C. Pigott: We -- well, we picked up a little bit, but our dealers are in great shape. They're at very low inventory, and they're very excited about these new products that Kenworth and Peterbilt introduced in the Mid-America Show in March, and those are really coming into production now. So I think it's pretty steady with the third quarter, with a little bit of improvement for Peterbilt and Kenworth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of J.B. Groh from D.A. Davidson.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: I just wanted to kind of square up this sort of beat a dead horse here, the Q4 outlook versus -- one of the retailers had some pretty dour comments on Q4 sales. This is just a truing up of their inventory levels, is that what it is? I mean, I think there's a coming down?
Mark C. Pigott: I don't -- I'm not sure who you're talking about and -- I know what we're doing. That's all I can really say.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then maybe you could help us on the provision for losses in Financial Services has been coming down pretty nicely. Sort of give us some insight there.
Unknown Executive: It primarily reflects the portfolio performance as we progress through the year. Past dues at the end of last year, 1.5% for our Financial Services companies worldwide. And at the end of the third quarter, that had come down to 90 basis points. So just as Mark mentioned, our customers are performing well, and we're seeing that in the performance of our portfolio.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And I know it comes out in the queue, but can you give us the breakdown between the truck sales and the part sales?
Mark C. Pigott: Sure, yes. The truck sales were $2.8 billion in the third quarter, and aftermarket parts was $650 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Tiss from BMO Capital.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I guess you're not going to answer this anyway but...
Mark C. Pigott: What is it? What is it?
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Can you just frame for us the -- what Brazil looks like in terms of is it accretive in 2014, what kind of market share, like just so we can try to get a sense of where things are going, like how big?
Mark C. Pigott: No, it's a great question, and we're investing now, as you know. It's a $300 million investment, and I was just there a few weeks ago, and it's really shaping up, but it'll take a year to actually build the factory after we've had all the preconstruction work. So we're looking to get a few trucks out next year. And in 2014, we begin to ramp up. Of course, we're appointing dealers, and we've got some great dealers joining our team. We're looking forward to having them with us, and they're looking forward to selling DAF trucks. So 2014, we begin the ramp-up of production. I think it really has a tangible benefit in 2015, would be the pretty normal way when we're building and bringing a factory online.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And then if we just wanted to think about 2015, I'm just trying to get like a normalized, early-stage revenues. Is it sort of $300 million to $500 million? I mean, you can make it as wide a range as you want, just think about it.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes. I mean, 2015, our goal for the medium term is to get up to 20% share. But right now, we're starting at 0, so it's going to take some time to get there. And in 2015, why don't we say $200 million to $400 million.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, that's helpful. And then does the replacement cycle, the number of units in replacement demand go higher over the next couple of years as this big bubble of 2006 trucks come to the end of their useful life? Or is that really not affected, it's smoothed out? Do you know what I mean? [indiscernible]
Mark C. Pigott: I think they will certainly contribute to some of the demand in the marketplace, whether it's a bubble, some of those companies that purchased in 2006 may not be around anymore. Depending on what total GDP growth is, that will have an impact on how much freight is being transferred. I think it makes a contribution, whether it's a bubble or not. Well, that's hard to tell. There's a lot of great customers with products they would love to -- they'd love to trade in right now. And having just talked with many of them in the last week or 2, they're saying first half of 2013, they're going to be really taking a serious look at starting to update and upgrade their vehicles.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: How hard is it going to be for one of your competitors who's been struggling with market share when they come back to the market with their new product that's not all of a sudden the cheapest product out there anymore? How hard is it going to be for them to re-brand and to gain that share back?
Mark C. Pigott: I'm not sure. That's obviously, a great philosophical question, but we're focused on [indiscernible] It's a milestone year and best products we've ever had. We're excited about them, and dealers are in the strongest position they've been for years and years. So we're going to keep focused on what we do.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Volkmann from Jefferies.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I, too, am going to focus on what you do. I had a couple of things to ask you, and I'm trying to think a little bit about kind of mix, I guess, is a way to put as we go into 2013, the T680, 579. How much of your North American production just by order of magnitude could that be next year?
Mark C. Pigott: I'd say it could be for the whole year, obviously, we'll be looking to improve that through the year as we begin. And we're ramping up production now. For the whole year, I think 20% to 30%.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And my understanding was that, that has been sort of specifically engineered to have sort of more commonality and better margins than some of your historical products. Is that accurate?
Mark C. Pigott: We -- it's a highest-quality product, the most automotive, and certainly, there have been some lower costs associated with the design. So...
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Great. Okay, that's helpful. And then on the DAF XF, can I think of that in similar terms?
Mark C. Pigott: It's -- I mean, it's the highest-quality, most-automotive product, absolutely. But it's also aligned with Euro 6. And as I indicated, there are some significant cost increases that the industry will face with Euro 6, so it's not quite the same. But a fabulous new vehicle, absolutely.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Fair enough. And then what do you think the MX engine mix is in 2013, again, order of magnitude in the U.S., sorry.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, I think it will continue to improve. I'm not going to put an exact number on it. But as I indicated in my prepared comments, to have the 13-liter now be essentially 50% of the U.S. and Canadian Class 8 market is a significant number. And I think that may continue to grow the 13-liter. So as we tie this, our MX engine, in with the new Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks, it's a very exciting, fuel-efficient combination for our customers. So we're looking for steady growth.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And are all those MX engines now coming out of Mississippi? Or are you still getting some parts of some of them or anything from Europe?
Mark C. Pigott: I think, certainly, early next year is going to be all out of Mississippi. I mean, you get parts sourced from different sections of the world, but you need to think of it essentially as a Mississippi engine.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And can I assume the cost structure on an engine that comes from Mississippi is better than one that comes from Europe for you?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes. Yes. We're -- that's why we build it in Mississippi.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: That's what I thought, but I just want to make sure we're on the same page here. I appreciate that. And then my final one, just quickly. Some speculation about pricing pressure in the North American market because of -- with a little bit of weakness we're seeing here, any comment on that?
Mark C. Pigott: I think margins for the fourth quarter will be comparable to the third quarter. And I think that's kind of reading between the lines of your question. And I think our industry is pretty straightforward. When there's a strong market and good demand, margins tend to move up. When demand slows down, whether it's macro or micro, margins tend to move down.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Thein from Citibank.
Timothy Thein - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a follow-up on that last one, Mark. Can you maybe just switch over to Western Europe in terms of what you're seeing there on the pricing side? I don't know if that fits into your commentary with regards to margins in the fourth quarter, but what specifically you're seeing in Western Europe, and then if we can just quantify it in terms of what the average truck sales price change was in the sales bridge. I know it comes out in the Q, but I'm wondering if you have that for the third quarter.
Mark C. Pigott: I think pricing is pretty flat in terms of -- in Europe. We're -- we've been very good. The DAF team has done a fantastic job of not only developing great products and services, but growing share. And DAF is either #1 or #2 in every market, I think except for Germany, where we're #3. And there's a lot of variables in Europe, and obviously, some of them affected the truck market in terms of what the customers are willing to pay for the product. And I think it's been relatively flat.
Timothy Thein - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, got you. And then back on -- you alluded to dealer inventories earlier. And I'm wondering if -- based on what it included and what we can see anyway from the cash flow statement, it looks like wholesale receivable payments exceeded investments in new loans. And obviously, that reflects a weakening sales environment. But I was wondering if we can extrapolate anything from that further in terms of dealer inventory levels, both either here or in Europe. Can you comment on that?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, the number in our cash flow statement is a year-to-date number. And so I think if you look at that for the quarter, there actually was a reduction in the amount, and we've seen dealer inventories in North America declined, dealer inventories in Europe were steady, and they are in great shape -- I mean, very well balanced with the market demand.
Timothy Thein - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Right. I think it was actually a source of cash, right, in the third quarter?
Mark C. Pigott: Third quarter, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook from Crédit Suisse.
Andrew Buscaglia: Actually, this is Andrew Buscaglia on behalf of Jamie. So I just have a quick one. Can you guys comment a little bit on your -- what you saw on material costs this quarter, and then just sort of walk through what you're thinking about it into Q4 and then potentially in 2013 as you begin your planning process?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes. Material have been probably relatively flat. It was in a narrow range. We've seen -- of course, we track all the major indices for raw materials, and a lot of those have gone down. The sort of worldwide demand has softened. There's been a few exceptions, but a lot of that is offset because we have -- over 75% of our supplier agreements are long term, so multiple year, which is a nice arrangement for us and our partners or our suppliers. What was your next question?
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. And then just to clarify, so I know you said you have about 5% to 10% baked in for the prebuy in Europe. So if we don't see this come to fruition, I guess we could assume as the year progresses, maybe that your initial industry outlook might come down a little bit, or is that you're not expecting a prebuy until later in the year. Can you just talk a little about that?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, I think in terms of the prebuy, you're absolutely correct. That will be third, fourth quarter of next year. And what -- on the positive side, we still may achieve that range if the general economy has some improvement. Of course, reading in the press nowadays in Europe, you've got sort of limited growth for many countries. But we're also looking at gaining some share. If the macroeconomic environment in Europe does not improve, then it may have an impact on the total truck industry even if there is a prebuy. So there's a couple moving parts that have to be taken into account, depending on what's going to happen in the total market. Obviously, on a quarterly basis, we're going to be revising and updating our total industry forecast.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I'm down to one question here. You've done a nice job. Some of the expenses have stepped down here recently. Do you think that's sustainable going forward? I guess what I'm getting at is in a flattish build environment in 2013, would you expect margins to be flat or up?
Mark C. Pigott: I think margins for 2013 will -- our initial look is probably flattish. One of PACCAR's strengths is excellent cost control and controlling our expenses. So we -- we're very diligent about that every single day, and we look to have a very low SG&A ratio. So I think we'll continue to focus on that every day, selling a lot more of our --- these wonderful new products we introduced this year.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So SG&A may come back up from where it's ticked down here recently, so we may expect that to come back up next year?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, it's very much -- is going to be reflective of what's going on with the marketplace. We're going to be producing more units, reflecting a stronger market. SG&A will probably go up a little bit.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Potter from Piper Jaffray.
Alexander E. Potter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: I had one question here on 13- versus 15-liter, and then I had a couple of housekeeping questions. So first on the 13, I guess if we were 5, 10 years in the past and I were to tell you that by today, the market would be 50% 13-liter, would you have been surprised that it progressed that quickly? And if you look 5, 10 years into the future, where do you think that breakdown will be?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I have to get you on my strategic staff here, Alex. The vast majority of the world in the truck world, 13-liter is the engine of choice. When you look at Europe, Africa, Asia, South America, it provides a good combination -- excellent combination of horsepower, torque, weight, cost, all the things you're looking for when you're operating a truck business. The -- so I think North America, U.S., Canada and Mexico are just really moving towards a reflection of what's happening in the rest of the world. And I would expect that will continue. Now there are some applications where a larger engine, a 15-liter, may have some advantages. You're talking about a lot of weight you're hauling, a very arduous operating environment. There are certainly benefits for having that larger-size engine. But for the vast majority of truck operators, 13-liter is what's driving the industry. If you're carrying -- if you have a 80,000-pound total payload in North America or 80,000-pound in Europe or Asia, it's still 80,000 pounds. And everybody has got mountains and long areas, so 13-liter is probably going to continue to grow. You've got a good combination of torque and horsepower, and it's a great engine. 5, 10 years ago, we knew it was going to transition. I think it's probably moved a little faster than the industry anticipated.
Alexander E. Potter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. Fair enough. And then housekeeping. I was wondering if you could give me gross margin in new trucks and aftermarket. I know you gave revenue already, but just sort of for gross margin.
Mark C. Pigott: Sure. For the quarter, the truck gross margins were 7.2% and 34.5% for parts. Overall, it's 12.3%.
Alexander E. Potter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. It's very good. And then could I also get deliveries by region, North America, Europe, South America, slash other?
Robin E. Easton: Can we take that offline?
Mark C. Pigott: We'll take that offline.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Uhlman from Cleveland Research.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: I guess, first of all, on the inventories, I might have missed it, but why exactly have the inventories grown so much year-to-date relative to the second quarter?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, I think 2 areas. One is in line with the rest of the industry. We have some engine inventory anticipating the EPA 13 transition, so it's very normal. This happens every couple years as we go to a new EPA emission level. So that's a portion of it. And the other portion is some trucks, bodybuilders getting ready for delivery, that will be gone by the end of the year. That's pretty straightforward.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. Now the emissions standard, the on-board diagnostics, it doesn't seem to be that expensive. Is that correct or is that a bigger price increase than I would've...
Mark C. Pigott: No, I think you're correct. It's part of the ongoing program of producing a greener and greener engine. But this one wasn't -- it's not as significant as, say, EPA 10.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. And then...
Mark C. Pigott: A lot of work though.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Yes, sounds like it. And then on the fourth quarter build rates, I'm sorry, I'm a little bit dense, but we're picking up a couple of weeks extra production in Europe relative to the third quarter, so does that mean that the fourth quarter production in the U.S. is going to be down 15%?
Mark C. Pigott: No, I think it should be relatively flat.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Flat. Okay. And then on Brazil, I might be looking into this a bit too closely, but has the timetable changed? It sounds like now it's late 2013, the tail-end at the year for the [indiscernible].
Mark C. Pigott: No, it's on schedule. And I think we had a good discussion a few minutes ago that in terms of having a real impact, it would be really 2015 because we'll be ramping up in 2014. But no, it's going well, and it's going to be another world-class facility. We look forward to having many of you there touring around and see what we're doing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Leiker from Robert W. Baird.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I just want to follow up in the last comment you made, Mark. You were talking about U.S. sales or production, your North America production flat, essentially Q4 versus Q3. And with your comment about industry volume, looks like sequentially is down pretty significant double digits, if you can reconcile those 2 because it seems to be larger than just market share opportunities.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, we've had -- looking at U.S., Canada, Mexico, in Mexico, which -- we've seen a little bit more of a slowdown, but U.S. and Canada is a little bit up. So overall, it's flat. And Europe is up primarily because we don't have the couple-of-weeks shutdown during our normal summer vacation schedule.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: It seems like your 215,000 U.S., Canada retail sales number would imply a fourth quarter number versus Q3 that's down.
Mark C. Pigott: Oh, well, it might reflect that. I'm really focused on what we're doing.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: All right. I understand. And then as we look at the -- so we've been talking about the last couple years about the increased cost for emissions and the challenge in the market of passing that on. As Navistar comes to the market with cost structure that's going to be more comparable to everybody else, do you think that's an opportunity to recoup some of those costs, or you think that's an opportunity to continue to drive share?
Mark C. Pigott: That is an excellent question, and I look forward to sharing the answer as time progresses.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kristine Kubacki from Avondale Partners.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: I just want to ask a question about -- I guess to address a little bit -- as I perceive, a bit of a disconnect on your view between a flat market in 2013 in North America. I realize that you mentioned that customers are doing fine. But it seems like what we're hearing out of this -- at ATA and out of this earning season, both from public and private carriers, is that freight has definitely turned choppy, rates are not doing so great, and costs are going up. So I guess with all that said, and it sounds like carriers are generally thinking CapEx is going to go down and not up next year after using bonus depreciation, '11 and '12, and a softer U.S. truck market, I mean, do you think carriers are just being too cautious and they're really worried about the headwinds facing them right now and things get better? Or do you think that really that there is maybe downside risk to your estimate in 2013, and we could be looking at a down year-over-year versus flat to up?
Mark C. Pigott: The carriers are excellent. We love our customers. You know that. Having been in the industry for 35 years, what I've been able to observe, and I know that you've been tracking the industry for quite a while, so you probably know the same thing, is that if you talk with those same excellent customers in August -- I'm talking about U.S. and Canada now, freight was going up, good rates. Fuel was up but they pass that through. And there was strong discussion about, boy, 2013 really going to be great. We're going to buy a lot of trucks. Now fast forward 6 weeks and dealers are saying, "Well, fuel has gone up a little bit more, not sure what's going to happen." And of course, everybody is spending a lot of time looking at the election and what's going on in their state, what's going on nationally. It is choppy, I think, to use your words. But fast forward another 6 weeks, and you can be getting a story saying, "Things are now looking a little better. I think 2013 is going to be good." So what that says is when things are going well, a lot of people will think that it's always going to go well. When things are not going as well, a lot of you will think it's never going to get better. What I found is that what makes this industry so much fun is that there is a cyclicality to it. Sometimes, that's measured in decades, years or months. I think with the customers doing well, and you've seen many of them have reported in the last week or 2, some of them have increased their profits, some have lowered their profits, but most have made a profit, which is the most important thing. Dealers doing very, very well, strong absorption; parts and service business good; finance, good, and lay the overarching opportunity of having a very old truck fleet, whether it's 6, 7 or 8 years, and you can get any of those numbers depending on who you're talking to, I think with some growth, housing market, general GDP, consumers feeling a little bit better, I think it could be a reasonable year next year. It's the way I look at it.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Fair enough. Maybe if we get the right outcome in the election there as opposed to [indiscernible].
Mark C. Pigott: Election -- it's always -- it's obviously -- every election is important for us, but at the end of the day, we've seen strong markets with all sorts of different types of leadership in Washington, D.C. When you talk with a truck, and it doesn't talk much, but if it's 8 years old, it knows it wants to get replaced. That's what we're focused on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Nolan from Deutsche Bank.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I just want to follow up on the last question. Most of my other questions have been answered. But when you guys updated your Q3 guide in September, it was looking like your inquiries were actually tracking up pretty nicely, sequentially. When we look at the industry orders, they haven't really seen a pickup there. How are the inquiries tracking now? And do you really -- is there a disconnect? I mean, are the customers really still kind of hitting you to kind of get quotes and you really think that if things do improve, you can really see the orders really get on the books really quickly?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I think as we've said, really for North America, we see Q4, Q3 pretty comparable, pretty steady. And as we look at net orders on a quarterly basis through the year, there certainly for the industry has seen a slowdown. And third quarter, the industry adjusted their builds down from the second quarter. But you also have to lay in, as you know, we've been able to pick up a couple points of share because of the great dealers and great products we have. So if things get good again, the industry could certainly deliver. If things continue as they are, I think everybody has pretty much adjusted their production to reflect this build rate. So the guidance we gave for third quarter, we're another quarter smarter now. I think right now, we're looking at, as I said, perhaps 1% to 2% increased truck deliveries, production for us in the fourth quarter. And next year, I think could be slightly better both in North America and in Europe
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Kauffman from Sterne Agee.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I mean, most of the good questions have been asked here at this point. So if it's okay, Mark, I just want to get a clarification and then kind of an open-ended question here. You made a comment a couple times that you're expecting to sell another 1% or 2% more with flat margins. Are we talking margin dollars or margin percentages here?
Mark C. Pigott: Percent.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Percent? Okay. And we're talking about evolution in the truck market, and you were talking about the 13- versus 15-liter. Can I get your thoughts on the adoption rate of natural gas engines?
Mark C. Pigott: Sure. There's been several very well-attended and I think excellent speakers at a number of natural gas conferences over the last few months, and we've been involved with a number of them. This is a great industry because, in many ways, we're really a leader and on particularly a lot of the environmental aspects. If you go back a number of years and start with hybrids. And I think on the car side, probably the Toyota Prius gets most of the credit for pioneering that, and I think they're still the largest seller of hybrid cars I think worldwide. There are a lot of discussion about how fast would hybrids take over, and you could read lots of different press and they throw a lot of numbers out. At the end of the day, it's still only 1% to 2% at that. And there's a lot of reasons why it's not higher, but that's what it is. It's an interesting statistic, and I think it's accurate, but you can never tell that. Less than 25% of all hybrid owners buy another one. Okay, what does that mean? I think if you look at, say, Apple computers, probably something over 90% buy another Apple computer. So the whole press got excited about it, and it's still good, and we still sell hybrid. And a number of our customers have great benefit from it, then it goes into the electric introduction. And whether it's our government or other groups saying you're going to pour billions of dollars into electric cars -- and there are certainly some real benefits to it. But the early projections of strong growth, it have not materialized, and there've been obviously a lot of -- more challenges. A number of companies have gone out of business, and the demand has not been there. Natural gas, 5 years ago, there was not a lot of discussion about it. And now I think, particularly for the United States, there's a great discussion about being energy-independent, which is wonderful, but you didn't see too many articles about the U.S. being energy-independent 5 or 10 years ago. But now we're talking about it, which is great. Natural gas, I'm very proud that particularly the Kenworth and Peterbilt teams are the market leaders. 40% of all natural gas heavy trucks are Kenworth or Peterbilt. We're a real leader in things like the waste haulage industry, but other industries. Certainly, lots of press, lots of investment, lots of states have benefited from it. What is the long-term benefit or what's the long-term growth in natural gas? I think like these other 2, the hybrid, the electric, there's numbers of 5%, 10%, 15%, 20% of the market will have it at some time period. We're not seeing it now. Maybe we'll see it in the future. Irregardless of what the market share is, I would expect that PACCAR will be one of the leaders in that marketplace.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer from Vertical Research.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: So one question on the U.S., outside of the biggest fleet, have you noticed any issues with -- I don't want to say exactly getting financing, but because fleets have stretched out trucks, they may have a lower down payment available over your lower value of the trade-in. The used values are high. Obviously, the trade-in may just be older and worth less. Have you seen -- is there any concern that the bigger fleets have the firepower to keep going and the medium-size fleets don't? Is that an issue for you guys next year, you think?
Mark C. Pigott: I don't think so. I think we've seen pretty readily available credit for our customers that want to buy trucks really in all of our markets at this point. So credit availability has not been an issue.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Perfect. And then I don't know if you can find a way to answer or opine on this one, or you want to or not, but a lot of us have been a little bit puzzled with not so much PACCAR build rates in North America, but industry build rates, which have come in but maybe were a little slow to come in. Do you feel like there is any inventory overhang? And do you feel like that has the potential to affect pricing or not?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I think our dealers, our customers are in very good shape. If you're building a product and indicating it'll do X, Y and Z. And then for whatever reason, it doesn't do X, Y and Z, it causes challenges within your system, and that's maybe what you're hearing from competitors.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Yes. Okay. And well -- and just build rates were slow to come down among -- well, okay, I'll think about that for a minute. So just in general, are you able to comment on where you think pricing environment is robust at this point as it was last year?
Mark C. Pigott: I think -- the pricing environment for our industry is probably more robust in the first 6 months of this year. And that has probably moderated in the last 6 months.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Denoyer from Wolfe Trahan.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Quick question on European orders. I realized that you're keeping production rates there -- you're raising production in the fourth quarter. But can you talk about the order intake during the quarter? A lot of your large European competitors, pretty substantial drops around 20%. Can you comment on how you did relative to that?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, our orders are pretty steady. For DAF trucks, they're steady. We're seeing some growth in Russia. It's a market that's really starting to gather some traction. And of course, we sell also in the Middle East; we're growing in Africa; and the joint venture in -- joint venture assembly agreement in Morocco. And throughout Western Europe, it's obviously down from a couple years ago but steady. And then Central Europe, we see that as some areas that are growing. So overall, pretty steady for DAF.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. And one question in the U.S. With the fuel economy standards coming in, in 2014, some of the OEMS have talked about introducing trucks that meet those early -- as early as the next couple months. Can you comment on your plans for that?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, we've -- are you talking about greenhouse gas and others?
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Right.
Mark C. Pigott: We have been approved by the EPA for some of our vocational vehicles, and so that's good. That was done earlier this month. So yes, like everyone else, we're working on it and I think are in very good shape.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Sheridan [ph] from Longbow Capital.
Unknown Analyst: My questions have been answered.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christian Frens [ph] from TIAA-CREF.
Unknown Analyst: Just 3 quick questions on my part. Just going back to the build rate issue, which I think has been asked a couple of times already. So just to help me reconcile the ACT [ph] data which shows build rates in excess of order rates for the industry and I think would imply that industry production comes down in Q4. First of all, do you agree on that view for the industry? And then is PACCAR different effectively because of share gains and maybe EPA 13 or what have you? Just wanted to know if you could expand on that. And then I have 2 follow-up questions.
Mark C. Pigott: I think as we've shared the -- kind of with the Peterbilt in U.S. and Canada, comparable fourth quarter, third quarter; Mexico, slightly down, I can't really expound on what went into the ACT [ph] numbers. What's your next thought?
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And the next question is very brief. Just your financial sub. How should do -- how should we expect assets to grow into the final quarter of the year?
Mark C. Pigott: Assets?
Unknown Analyst: Yes, for the final quarter.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, I think there'll be a slight uptick probably as we progress through the rest of the quarter. A lot of customers will be entering financing vehicles to take advantage of the tax benefits at the end of the year.
Unknown Analyst: The slight uptick being a couple of percentage points, single digit that you're seeing?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, something like that. Yes.
Unknown Analyst: And then lastly, just on European demand and the prebuy discussion, I guess 2 things here. First of all, I was wondering whether you could clarify a little bit what -- specifically for Germany, what type of incentives or early adoption incentives Germany has this year, and how that compares to the last time round? And then second of all, I was just listening to the Scania call the other day, and they saw a weak Europe in September, specifically it was mentioned. They also mentioned that the Middle East was turning down. So I don't know if you could care to -- I'm just wondering why it seems that your view is a little bit different, or am I missing something here?
Mark C. Pigott: I think Germany actually had an announcement during the Hannover show which they were having lower incentive levels, so that's all we can -- and you're probably at the show, so that's all we can really comment on that. In terms of what our competitors are seeing, I don't really know. I mean we can track what their market share is, and you can derive an answer from that. In terms of the Middle East, yes, it might be slowing down. But the good news for us is that we are a relatively small player, so we see some incremental growth opportunity, which is good for DAF.
Unknown Analyst: And you didn't see September drop in Europe, a significant weakening?
Mark C. Pigott: That was -- that's in the third quarter, that's behind us. We're looking forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Pickels from Manning & Napier.
Robert F. Pickels - Manning & Napier Advisors, LLC: Just a quick strategy question. In Brazil, it looks like your plan is to sort of build your own facilities and kind of organically try to penetrate that market. And it seems a little bit different strategy than some of the other efforts you've made maybe in Europe, where you maybe made some acquisitions. Can you just talk about that strategy, why you chose to build versus buy, or how that might change over time, or just anything you can provide on that would be great.
Mark C. Pigott: Okay. Good question. I didn't know there was anybody available to purchase in Brazil. They typically are a division of a larger corporate entity. So I don't think any of those were actually for sale. Second, we've got -- or we're considered the best product in the world, we're bringing the DAF product in there, and you've seen the wonderful success that DAF, through it's products and its dealers and its customers, have enjoyed over the last 15-plus years, and we're looking to certainly build on that. And we've got a great group of world-class suppliers in Brazil that are enthusiastic about us beginning to manufacture in-country. And we're also really able to take advantage of a new group of dealers who have experience in-country that are excited about being able to sell the DAF products. So it seems to be a very logical choice as to grow organically in Brazil, in all of South America.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Satish Athavale from KSA Capital.
Satish Athavale: Mark, can you comment on the cadence of production and sales expectations for first half versus second half next year?
Mark C. Pigott: I think we'll see probably the first half might be comparable to fourth quarter, and we're looking for some improvement in the second half.
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Robin E. Easton: I would like to thank everyone for their excellent questions. Thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-24 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Robin E. Easton - Treasurer Mark C. Pigott - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Michael T. Barkley - Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President and Controller
Analysts: J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Basili Alukos - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Mark Rogers
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PACCAR's Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded, and if anyone has an objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Robin Easton, PACCAR's Treasurer. Mr. Easton, please go ahead.
Robin E. Easton: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Robin Easton, Treasurer of PACCAR. And joining me this morning are Mark Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ron Armstrong, President; and Michael Barkley, Vice President, Controller. As with prior conference calls, if there are members of the media participating, we request that they participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Mark Pigott.
Mark C. Pigott: Good morning. PACCAR reported increased revenues and net income for the second quarter of 2012 compared with the second quarter last year. PACCAR's second quarter sales and Financial Services revenue were $4.46 billion, up 13% compared to $3.96 billion in the second quarter of last year. Quarterly net income increased to $297 million, a 24% increase versus the $240 million earned a year ago. Increased truck deliveries in North and South America and a growing Financial Services business contributed to PACCAR's increased profits. For the first half, revenues were a record $9.2 billion, and net income was $624 million. In addition, PACCAR's dividend increased 60% compared to a year ago. I'm very proud of our 23,000 employees who have delivered industry-leading products and services to our customers worldwide. Our customers in North America are benefiting from increased freight tonnage, improved fleet utilization rates and lower fuel prices. In Europe, freight transportation on German highways continues at good levels, comparable to last year. European transporters have also benefited from lower fuel prices in recent months. Due to the uncertain global economy, some of our customers are not expanding their fleets at this time and are focused primarily on truck replacement. PACCAR delivered 37,700 trucks during the second quarter, about 10% higher than the same period last year, but down 5% from the first quarter of 2012. Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF grew their market share as customers recognized the benefits of our high-quality and efficient trucks. PACCAR's retail share of the U.S. and Canadian Class 8 truck market was 29.9% for the first half. DAF's share of truck registrations in Europe above 16-tonne reached 16%. Kenworth and DAF truck deliveries in the Andean region of South America, that is the region outside of Mercosur, increased by about 75% in the first half of this year compared to the same period last year. Looking forward, PACCAR expects to deliver about 10% fewer trucks in the third quarter compared to the second quarter due to the weak economic growth in the United States, coupled with the ongoing uncertainty in the Eurozone. Looking at the broader market, U.S. and Canadian Class 8 industry retail sales are estimated to improve this year to a range of 210,000 to 230,000 units, up 12% at the midpoint from 197,000 units last year. In Europe, the greater-than-16-tonne truck market is also anticipated to be in the range of 210,000 to 230,000 units, down slightly from the 241,000 units last year. PACCAR's business initiatives worldwide are progressing well. Capital spending is estimated to be $450 million to $550 million, with research and development at $275 million to $300 million. Construction of our new DAF assembly factory in Ponta Grossa, Brazil, is progressing, and we plan to be building DAF Trucks in Brazil next year. We're also very pleased with the excellent customer response to the launch of the new Kenworth T680 and the Peterbilt Model 579, both very exciting trucks. During the second quarter, Kenworth and Peterbilt began limited production of these exciting new models, and they will gradually increase their production in the third and fourth quarters. PACCAR is enhancing its network of 15 parts distribution centers. We're building a new 280,000 square foot distribution center in Eindhoven, the Netherlands, and our distribution centers in Madrid, Spain, and Lancaster, Pennsylvania, are increasing their capacity to meet the demands of our customers and dealers. PACCAR Financial Services revenue were $266 million in the second quarter compared to $258 million last year. PACCAR Financials second quarter pre-tax income jumped to a quarterly record $77 million compared to $57 million earned in the second quarter last year. The excellent results benefited from growth in portfolio balances and a lower provision for credit losses. PACCAR Financial, with its strong A+ credit rating, has excellent access to the commercial paper and medium-term note markets. In the second quarter, PACCAR Financial sold over $900 million in 2- and 3-year notes in the U.S. and Europe. PACCAR also completed the renewal of its $2 billion credit line. Overall, PACCAR is well-positioned to further enhance its competitive position in the global truck market due to the strength of our dealers worldwide, a robust finance company and the highest-quality products in the industry. Thank you. I'd be pleased to answer your questions
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of J. B. Groh of D.A. Davidson.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: I just wasn't writing fast enough, I guess. On your comments about 10% sequential decline, is that your North American, U.S., Canada? Or is that global or Europe or what?
Mark C. Pigott: It's primarily in the U.S. and Canada.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. So Europe…
Mark C. Pigott: Europe is fairly steady.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: But I noticed you didn't really change the outlook on North America, and given that the orders have been a little underwhelming, so to speak, can you sort of talk about that against that backdrop?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, we adjusted the high end of the range.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Right. Okay. You brought that down a little bit, okay.
Mark C. Pigott: Right. And you're right. We probably have been in times where there had been stronger order intake for the industry, and I think that's why we're looking at the moderate production decrease.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: And then the incremental margins looked pretty strong in the quarter. Can you explain that? Is it new models? Are you just managing things better, supply chain? Where is it coming from?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I certainly think the team is doing a very good job of managing, as they do in every different type of economic market. I think, overall, we're getting good cooperation with our suppliers. The material side is in good shape. We've introduced some new models, but the models that we have had are in a good place in terms of production efficiency. The customers are interested in purchasing our vehicles. And so that has some positive impact on the margins. So overall, I think, just kind of managing the business, as you've indicated, in a good, professional manner.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Casey of Wells Fargo Securities.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Can you kind of help us understand current -- we all have our own opinions -- but when you talk about the current fleet fundamentals been pretty good, trucks are old, yet the truck buyers are kind of slightly ordering below typical replacement demand. What do you think is going on? Is it just hesitation because of look-forward or government policy or something else?
Mark C. Pigott: That is a very topical question that has a lot of discussion in many companies around the industry, Andy. A couple of things: One, just to reiterate, I think for a number of years, most of the industry would expect that the replacement size is approximately 225,000 units a year, give or take, but in that range. So as you've noted, orders had been below that for a number of years. The other thing is we do have an older fleet, but when you look into that fleet, what you're going to find is a number of very good customers don't have too many miles on their vehicles. So they may be, let's call it, chronologically old, but when you look at it, they're not doing 125,000, 150,000 miles a year. So they're still in good shape. And so that's having an impact. Our customers, and many of them are publicly traded, so you can see their results, they're making good profits. They have survived a challenging 10 years with a couple of different recessions in there. So they're managing their business very well. The trucks are performing well, and I think, as we talk with our customers and we're out all the time, they're saying "We'll just run these a little bit longer. They're in good shape." Obviously, there's some benefit for parts and service, but the trucks are just made well and performing well. So I think it's -- you see a term in most of the periodicals industry, sort of in a pause or sort of in a reflective mode. There's lots of different terms out there. I think people are saying, "I'm running a fleet. I've got 100, 200, 500, 1,000 trucks. They're good. I'm getting great service from whatever dealer is providing that. I've got good freight rates. Fuel's manageable. There is a lot of freight. Let's just run them and kind of see what happens over the next 6 months."
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And to support the anticipated level of production in Q3 from Q2, which you said is primarily North America, does anything have to happen in the orders? Or is that sized to your current order flow?
Mark C. Pigott: I think that reflects the order flow versus production levels, yes.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then...
Mark C. Pigott: Good question. It's an interesting discussion, and we're all discussing it.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: If I can fit one other in. You've, I'm sure, noticed that one of your competitors had a pretty sizable engine strategy shift. And I was wondering if you would expect any near-term share gains or any other impact on just general market conditions because of that.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, PACCAR, our focus is, a couple of things: One is providing return for our shareholders. Two, we do that by designing, selling and servicing the best products in the industry, and that's been guiding our company for 107 years. So competitors are always evaluating different strategies. I can't really comment on that. I know what we do, and hopefully, we share that with you and your colleagues and we keep a pretty steady course.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Kaplowitz of Barclays Capital.
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Mark, given the age of the fleet and that the customers are running the fleet for longer, do you think that the aftermarket opportunities that you have, both in the U.S. and in Europe, will just be better over the next 6 months, year, 18 months, better than even the historic run rate that you've had?
Mark C. Pigott: So, what you're asking, do we think that there will be a time when customers say, “It probably is a good time to replace my fleet”? Is that what you're essentially asking?
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: No, what I'm saying is that the parts business could actually have higher growth now because you're -- these customers are running the trucks for longer than they have before.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, that has a, I think, probably a slight impact, but I would give the aftermarket group some praise in that they're developing a lot of new programs. There is a lot of e-commerce activity ongoing. We're reaching out to many more customers who might not necessarily actually operate our vehicles. They're also looking at different industries, not necessarily truck-related. So they have a pretty comprehensive, thorough plan to grow aftermarket services, and I'm also including Financial Services, sort of in line but a little bit independent of just the Truck business.
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. That's fair. And Mark, how does -- I know you’ve talked about this before, but it does seem like one bright spot in the U.S. is housing starts, and they are continuing to improve. How do we factor in the upside from housing and its impact on trucks going forward? Do we need just a better U.S. economy? Or can we have real upside from housing?
Mark C. Pigott: Housing, as you've indicated, there is some little sunnier climate out there, talking about housing starts, maybe perhaps over 700,000 units this year, and that's a welcome relief for many industries. And I think when you look at the range of industries, whether it's the construction side with wood, concrete, timber, then the furnishings, that all is brought to the site by trucks. So the average, certainly over the last 10, 15, 20 years, for housing starts is about 1.2 million. I think when it gets closer to that level, then you'll see some impact, and I'm not talking about a lot but, certainly, a couple of percent impact to the vocational markets, whether it's the dump truck or the flatbed or the steel hauler, all great customers of ours and certainly companies that have had a slow patch for a number of years. So right now, it's just starting to improve -- let's see how it progresses over the next couple of years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weber of RBC.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So margins were better than what we were expecting for the quarter. So nice job there. I'm wondering if you have another 10% sequentially down quarter here in the third quarter, can you give us your view on the sustainability of the margins?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, the margins obviously reflect our market demand and production capacity and utilization. So I think as you look at the lower production levels, there will be some impact on the second -- on the third quarter margin attainment. But we'll continue to focus and run our business to optimize our returns.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. If I could ask a housekeeping question, could you give us the aftermarket, the parts revenue and the margin numbers?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, we can. It's coming up.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I guess maybe in the meantime, Mark, can you talk about...
Mark C. Pigott: I got it here. For the second quarter, aftermarket parts revenues were $666 million, and the aftermarket parts margin was 34.3%.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Great. And then lastly, can you comment -- have you seen any change in used truck inventories or used truck pricing?
Mark C. Pigott: Used truck pricing continues to be very good, particularly for our vehicles. We're actually seeing a little bit of an uptick on used truck values across-the-board. So that's good. We're feeling pretty good about that. In Europe, used trucks are kind of holding their own.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And no issue with inventories at dealers or anything like that?
Mark C. Pigott: No, dealer inventory is very healthy, very healthy. Yes, we're in good shape.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan of JPMorgan.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Your SG&A was down a little bit sequentially, not that much, but it was down a little, and we've been hearing through the quarter that you've cut back on things like advertising spending in Europe. Can you talk a little bit about what kind of cost reduction activity might be going on in Europe in anticipation of potentially slower growth? I mean, are you guys considering pulling out of IAA or anything like that? Or are you comfortable that you've got the right sized organization there already?
Mark C. Pigott: I need to get your contacts.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I can tell you exactly which magazines you can pull that out of.
Mark C. Pigott: No, Ann, you've been around. Don't read -- don't believe everything you read. You know that. No, we're in good shape. In fact, I'm going to be in Hanover. So I hope to see you and your colleagues there. Always an excellent show, and it's -- no, we're -- we manage our business to reflect whatever the industry is. We've done it for decades, as you know. So we showed at the -- earlier this year, the Euro 6 engine that DAF is developing. So, we're out there -- regional shows, at vocational shows, just very normal. Very normal. And you enjoyed the Mid-America show a few months ago here in Louisville?
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, but you did pull out of that a few years ago, which was a big...
Mark C. Pigott: Well, that -- 2008 -- let's move forward here.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Exactly. And then curious also, second question, CNG LNG related, just -- we understand that at least on the LNG trucks that those are being leased. Can you talk a little bit about why the Financial Services business would want to take on the risk of leasing LNG trucks when there's no history for residual values or just curious a little bit on what's going on?
Mark C. Pigott: Ann, I have no idea what you're talking about. We sell our trucks. The natural gas market certainly gets a lot of press from different corners of the business arena. We're very proud that PACCAR is one of the leaders, if not the leader, in the natural gas market. It's a market that's only 1% to 2% of the total truck market. So I think we need to put it in context. The CNG is used actively, particularly in the ports in California, but we offer both, and we're going to be increasing our product offering with a 12-liter next year. So we're very pleased with where we are. If the market increases, and certainly, there's plenty of rhetoric in the newspapers and by political speakers, we're ready for it. We embrace it, and we're proud to supply those products to the industry.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. I'll take my LNG-specific question off-line and follow up with Robin afterwards.
Mark C. Pigott: You might want to ask me now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Mark, I'm wondering if you could talk about over what time horizon you expect the business in Brazil to get to company average returns or now that you're building out the dealer network. Just give us an update, if you would, on how you view the path to the build-out and, ultimately, whether we can expect the same level of lean inventories, et cetera, that we're used to seeing in your other businesses.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, first of all, great question. And I am really looking forward to being able to invite many of our wonderful analysts to the factory when we get it up and running. Because what you'll see, as you've seen at all the factories, whether it's Mississippi or DAF, or St. Therese, or Chillicothe, it'll be exactly the same format and mode of operation. It'll be sparkling clean. It will be high technology. It'll be lean. It'll be motivated workforce and very high-quality products. In terms of returns, it will take 3 to 5 years. Obviously, it has something to do with the market. As you've indicated, we are beginning the process of appointing dealers, and those dealers will be independent dealers. They'll be building their dealerships around the country. We have a very steady program under way of building the factories. So that's on track. We're getting great cooperation and partnership with many of our suppliers that we work with around the world who are already in Brazil. And I think from the customers -- of course, we don't sell any trucks in Brazil at this time. But potential customers are very positive and excited about DAF coming in. They know the reputation of the product from around the world. They've contacted many customers in Europe,who they might have a relationship with. And they're really looking forward to the great product, great support and high-quality residuals and low operating cost. So it's going to be good. But it takes time to increase the business.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And Mark, you mentioned a medium-term share target of about 10% for that market. I'm wondering if you could care to comment on what kind of market share level would the operation be profitable for you. Can you lay that out for us?
Mark C. Pigott: We tend not to break that out. But as you know in PACCAR, we like every group to be profitable.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And you saw very good deliveries out of your legacy South American business this quarter as you pointed out. Can you just talk about the order trends and visibility? How far out is your visibility in that part of the business? And is that what's offsetting what we might expect to be bigger production cuts in the U.S.?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, Mexico, in particular, continues to be strong. We have approximately 50% market share. We've been there since the late '50s, so we have a strong legacy and strong position within the Mexican market. And many of the trucks we're selling in South America are manufactured in Mexico. Colombia has been a particularly strong country, particularly for oil transport. But Chile, Peru are other countries that are doing reasonably well. And it's not huge numbers, but they're steady, they're growing. We did open up a distribution, parts distribution center, in Santiago, over a year ago, I guess. And that's providing some very good aftermarket service. We're appointing some new dealers in the region. They're enthusiastic in making investments in their own businesses. So it's all coming together in a very orderly, straightforward manner. We're encouraged by it.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Excellent. And on the U.S. side, to get to the production reduction you're talking about for the third quarter, can you just give us a sense, is that for additional holiday shutdowns or the mechanism by which you're cutting production?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, we don't usually break that out. But we do all of the above as appropriate.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Henry Kirn of UBS.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Some of the recent checks we've done have indicated that credit may actually be easing for truckers in North America. Could you talk about credit availability in general and then, maybe more specifically, your appetite to grow PACCAR Financial?
Mark C. Pigott: Credit has been very good, very normal for -- certainly, for us and for our customers. We've seen some new entrants into the industry. Obviously, a number exited during the recession. Some have kind of come back in, dipped their toe in the marketplace. But for our customers who are usually very well financed and capitalized, we're seeing very normal, steady business. In terms of PACCAR Financial, of course, it's very much linked with our production side, and it's one of our aftermarket services that we are able to offer to our customers and our dealers. So I think the growth sort of is in line with our overall production.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: That's helpful. And with the choppy environment, is there any changes -- are there any changes to the way that truckers are spec-ing trucks, maybe if they're higher end or lower end then, more specifically, 13- versus 15-liter?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, that's a great question, and probably choppy is an appropriate term on certain aspects of the business. I think the 13-liter versus 15-liter is a multiple chapter book that we are beginning to delve into. You do see on some measurements that 13-liter is outselling the 15-liter. That tends to have a little bit of to and fro depending on what fuel prices actually are and what our customers perceive them to be in the future. But nevertheless, I think the 13-liter and the 15-liter both have strong positions to play, at least in the short term. As you know in the markets outside of the U.S. and Canada, 13-liter tends to be the largest engine size that you would see in Europe or South America, Asia. And I would think over time, that will probably be the way that the North American market will trend.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Tiss [ph] of Bank of Montréal.
Unknown Analyst: Can you give us any insight into the age of the fleet in Europe? And I'm just trying to get any sense if we're getting to the point where we could see some pent-up demand and need for a replacement cycle as we move past 2013.
Mark C. Pigott: No, the fleet in Europe is probably 1 to 2 years younger than North America, sort of 5, 5 to 6 years. And some of the fleets don't travel quite as many miles as their counterparts would in North America. So I don't think there's that pressure for customers to necessarily say, I need to replace large segments of their fleets at this time. I think just normal replacement to take advantage of ongoing technology improvements. As you may know, DAF introduced recently their ATe, advanced technology, let's call it, fuel efficiency improvements. So that's causing a number of our good customers to say, "Wow, that could really be a benefit for me if I turn in some of my trucks." But overall, I think we were just in Europe a few weeks ago. And we traveled from Ireland, the U.K., Holland, Belgium through Germany all the way to Hungary. And I'd say, for the most part, customers were reasonable in terms of their outlook. They were feeling that business was pretty good. It wasn't just booming, but it was pretty good. And the dealers, many of our dealers, were -- say, "Inventory is in great shape." They're seeing some good aftermarket business. Used trucks are holding their value. So it's just -- if you read the paper or read the Internet, it causes you to think, “What's going on?” But when we really talk at the ground-level to the people hauling freight, there's business out there, people are buying. Not every industry or, certainly, not in every market, but it's reasonable.
Unknown Analyst: And then just trying to get at the margins a little bit. Can you talk about some end markets -- is energy still strong? Is that helping your mix? What's happening with your share in Class 6 and 7, just some of the factors that might also feed [ph] into the mix.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, the oil and gas, I think it's still good. It might've slowed down a little bit, but it's going at a pretty strong rate. Medium-duty is doing okay, particularly in Europe, over 10% share. And in fact, I think a few months, it actually bumped 11%. So that's probably pretty close to a record or might be a record for us. And we keep working it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook of Crédit Suisse.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: A couple of questions. One, can you talk about -- one of the suppliers in the market came out with a 2013 forecast, I think, calling for build rates of 260 to 280, relative to their forecast of 280 this year. So it's the first sort of truck supplier that I’ve heard talking to a potentially down year. So can you talk about sort of your comments on that or what you would need to see to get that, I guess, to get that bearish. My second question, can you talk about your strategy to gain market share given the dislocation in the market with Navistar and whether you or anyone else is -- how sensitive, I guess, the customers are to price and given the market dynamics? And then third, what are your assumptions for build rates for Q3 and Q4 relative to Q2 in the U.S., specifically?
Mark C. Pigott: Sure. Okay. Well, production in Q3, as we said, will be down about 10%.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: In Q4?
Mark C. Pigott: In Q4, we didn't put a number out there yet.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Do you want to?
Mark C. Pigott: Not at this time. So that's one item. Two, in terms of market dislocation, as you so kindly indicated, we're not driving to get to a particular share. Over the last 30, 40 years, by building great trucks, our share has steadily increased. But there's always competitors who have a share target, and they'll use typically price to achieve whatever that number is, we don't do that. So share will bounce around, and it always has, for all the competitors in all the markets. But our strategy is, quite simply, we're going to build the best products in the market and give our customers the lowest operating cost. And share will, in a sense, take care of itself. And so that's really all I can make on that point. In terms of any supplier forecast for 2013, probably a little bit premature to talk about that.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: But I mean, you must have -- Mark, you've been in this business for quite some period of time, and no more than us. So I guess I was surprised by 2 things: One, I was struck that you didn't lower U.S. forecasts more; and I think the market is viewing a potential down year next year or a flat year. Just what you would need to see to get to that level of the market. I mean, where would orders have to trend, I mean, or handicap the probability that you think we could have a flat to down year? I mean, I'm assuming...
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I think it's really going to depend, Jamie, on the general economy, and you can start with the elections in November, you can talk about tax policy, you can talk about general confidence of the consumers, we can talk about the overall housing industry, which, as we talked a little bit earlier in the call, has had some uptick. But you know what? I've seen it before. And then it can go another way. So there's a lot of macro elements that are going to influence what our excellent customers finally do. If several of those line up in, what I would call, a positive pro-business alignment, truck business will be pretty good. But, as you say, I have been doing this, and the whole PACCAR team has been doing this for a long, long time. Will it be as good as this year? Or will it be better? I would say that if we get a little bit more of a pro-business attitude and it impacts several key industries, it could be reasonable next year. If that doesn't happen, it could be comparable to this year, which -- this year, we're saying it's going to be slightly better than last year. It's not at replacement cycle. Certainly, eventually, you're going to have the impact of trucks that were built in '05, '06, '07 that will need to get replaced, and there are a lot of trucks built in that cycle. That was a very strong, call it, irrational exuberance in many industries. So those trucks will eventually have to come into the marketplace, and that'll be good for truck builders like us. So all in all, 2013, it's got a lot of variables that need to be finalized before we can see how it's going to shake out.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Can I ask one more question, if possible? I was surprised in the quarter that your bad debt expense came down to 1.9% in the quarter. Just given everything that's going on in the macro, I would think this would go the other way. So can you just talk about that, please?
Mark C. Pigott: Sure, absolutely. In kind of tying in with, I think, Joel's or Henry's question, our customers are in good shape, and our dealers are in good shape. And as they say, if you don't read the paper, you don't read Internet and you just get out and go to the towns and cities around North American and Europe, these people are saying, “Is it booming? No. But is it reasonable? Yes.” So the customers that we're financing have got good balance sheets. They're making money. They've got great customers that they're taking care of. They've sized their fleets according to the demand from their customers. So I think it's a good question you're asking, and people tend to sort of say well, "Is the world like Greece?" No, it's not. There are a lot of great companies out there that we're proud to partner with that are doing very, very well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Volkmann with Jefferies.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Given the pullback, I forgot exactly what words you used, Mark, but the consolidation that we're seeing in orders, can you just let us know if you're seeing anything with respect to price cutting in the market?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I would say in the 35 years I've been in this business, there's always price cutting somewhere in the market. So that's not really a big indicator. It depends what competitive strategies our competitors are employing at the time. I think as you see a market go down, and we have a cycle every 3 to 5 years in a down market, margins are impacted because customers are going to take advantage of the economics of time.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Is that happening now? Or is that not the market we're in?
Mark C. Pigott: I think there is a -- there's certainly some of that going on.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I'm curious about your 680, 579 launch, which you mentioned at the outset here. Can you give us a sense of sort of what percent of orders that might be, if it's meaningful, and where you might think it would be, say, 12 months from now?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, it's right on schedule in terms of our very gradual introduction. These are really very wonderful products, and they're a great complement to our existing products. We've installed a lot of new machinery in our factories, which are undergoing their final evaluations, and that's all on track and on schedule and looking good. So it's early days now. Over the next 12 months, we will see a gradual ramp-up. We're getting good orders. People are saying, "I'd like to order these products when they're available." And one year from now, I’d be hard-pressed to tell you what exactly that number is going to be, but it will be making a contribution.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Could it be 20% of volume in a year?
Mark C. Pigott: It's possible, yes. Sure.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I guess the reason I'm asking is because I'm thinking based on your conversation that you just had and some other things that we've talked about, that the margin on that product should be probably better than your corporate average.
Mark C. Pigott: Oh, I see. That's a good analysis, and it -- yes, there are some benefits to the product in terms of the margin. I think let's talk about it as the quarters go on. We'll give you a little bit more clarity.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: All right, appreciate that. And then the tax rate was a little higher than I expected in the quarter. Do we have a forecast for the year?
Michael T. Barkley: Yes, the forecast for the year will still be in the 32.5% to 33% range. The tax rate for the quarter reflects the mix of U.S. versus foreign income and the higher U.S. rates that we have.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just -- if you don't mind, can you give us just a broad sense of maybe production at the engine facility here in the U.S.? Maybe something in the line of sort of engines per day that we have now and where you think that might exit the year?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, the engine production has increased at a steady pace throughout the year. We're, say, as indicated, 25% to 30% of our production. So those going into Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks, and that seems to be a good pace at this time, I think it will increase over time. But we continue to add machining capabilities and become more and more efficient as we increase the utilization of the factories. So I think it's making a great contribution, not only on the production side and the integration of our powertrain, but we're also seeing some benefits in the aftermarket side.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. But just so I'm clear, would we be expecting higher production levels by year-end than we have right now?
Mark C. Pigott: I think reflecting the slower production rates that are in the truck side, probably the engine side will be pretty level.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Denoyer of Wolfe Trahan.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: A couple of questions on Europe. Can you talk about the order rate in the quarter, maybe just directionally, was it up or down from the first quarter? And specifically, if you could comment on pricing in Europe and how that might compare to other markets? And I believe it was Volvo this morning said that France had weakened a little bit in the second quarter, and I believe that's a pretty important market for DAF, and I was wondering if you could comment on what you're seeing there.
Mark C. Pigott: The order rate has been pretty constant through most of the year for us in Europe. France, like every country, is an important market and a little factoid for you is that DAF is either #1 or #2 in every country, with the exception of Germany, where we're #3 in terms of share. Obviously, each country has a different sized market. But the good thing, DAF is in all the markets, and it's also grown and is the market leader in Central Europe and is growing its business in the Middle East, Africa and Russia. So that's a nice addendum to our business in Western Europe.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: And one other just sort of question about the potential for a prebuy ahead of the Euro 6 standards, are you seeing any demand for build slots in the fourth quarter of '13?
Mark C. Pigott: Not at this time. A number of our competitors introduced 1 or 2 models that were Euro 6 ready. They did that earlier this year. But if you're talking to a customer to talk about what are you going to buy 2 years out, is usually a little bit of a stretch.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Yes, sure. And then if I could just throw one more in back about the North America construction cycle and replacement there. I mean, we usually talk about 3 or 4 years as the early end of the truckload replacement cycle. Can you give us a sense of what that is for customers that are hauling -- using mixers and dump trucks and those kind of things, the real construction-intensive trucks?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, those trucks, because they do significantly less miles, they can be 7, 8 years, easily.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Yes. So we still could have a few more years before that replacement cycle kicks in?
Mark C. Pigott: Actually, I think that's a very insightful point you're making.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer of Vertical Research Partners.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: One quick question. So industry build rates in the first half have been a little bit interesting in North America, and obviously, you guys have taken some very appropriate cuts, and I'm not sure the industry has followed. So if you're willing to answer a general question, does that have necessarily a pricing impact? Or do those trucks somehow they already had orders attached, so it's not a pricing risk? And if that's too general, maybe if you could tell us what percentage...
Mark C. Pigott: Happy to jump in on that one. Excellent question, Rob. I think what you'll probably find, and in fact, I think it's been in a few of our competitors' quarterly filings, is that you'll probably be seeing some production adjustments from the industry as a whole. And sometimes, that's not spelled out completely clearly, but it may be shutdown days. It may be just reducing build rate while maintaining the same number of employees. It may be actually reducing build rate. So I think everybody is facing the same demand.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Now that's helpful. And I guess I was wondering if those trucks that were already sort of built and sitting around were a price risk for the industry and/or if you could say what portion of your mix in North America is sort of spec-ed out specific for a fleet and if over-built trucks really are a risk or most of them are spec-ed out?
Mark C. Pigott: Actually, I think the industry inventory is in very good shape. So I think we need to sort of put a stopper in the bottle on that one. The inventory is in good shape, particularly at our dealers. And our philosophy has always been to build to a customer specification. So if we've got an order, we're happy to build your truck, but we really don't build a spec truck. Some of the competitors may do that. I'm not sure how they're doing.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Okay, that's great. And then if I could ask one small follow-up, are you able to say when you would need to see orders in North America again pick up to hit the higher end of your estimated range for the year?
Mark C. Pigott: Any time would be good.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Uhlman of Cleveland Research.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: I guess the first question, maybe just a follow-up on the inventory question. PACCAR's own inventories stepped up from the first quarter, although the sales were down from the first quarter level. And I was wondering if you could help us understand better why that is.
Mark C. Pigott: I think inventory levels are pretty consistent. Are you talking about PACCAR?
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Yes.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, so I think that's just a reflection of timing of production schedules and build rates. So, it's all -- the inventory is in good shape and balanced with our production needs.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. And then could you talk about -- I guess, you commented about the Europe orders, recently had been somewhat steady through the year. What do your North America orders look like relative to what we saw in the first quarter?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, as I indicated, we'll be looking at a 10% fewer trucks primarily in the U.S. and Canadian market in the third quarter versus the second quarter. And Europe is pretty steady.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. Got it. And then on -- can you talk about what price realization was for this quarter? I think, last quarter, you had roughly a $157 million of price and maybe 4% to sales, and I'm wondering how that played out this quarter, if you have that figure handy.
Mark C. Pigott: Okay. Just a moment.
Michael T. Barkley: If you're talking about the contribution to margin from truck sales prices, that's $66 million in the second quarter.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. And then was there any impact from currency to -- or could you talk about the magnitude of the impact to sales and income?
Michael T. Barkley: Yes, the overall impact on currencies was a reduction compared to the prior year of $139 million in revenue and $4 million in pretax profit.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Nolan of Deutsche Bank.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Mark, thanks for your commentary on the North American pricing. That was very helpful. Can you just comment what you're seeing as far as industry trends and any competitive movements on the European side of the business as far as pricing?
Mark C. Pigott: In Europe primarily, Patrick?
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. I mean I think you spoke at length to North America.
Mark C. Pigott: Okay. I think in Europe -- are you based in Europe?
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: No, I'm based in New York.
Mark C. Pigott: Okay. Well, as you travel around in Europe, it's obviously, many different scenarios being played out in different countries. So you have to be mindful of that. I think several of our competitors who are perhaps more focused on Southern Europe are feeling the negative impact much more than certainly others are. And that probably will have an impact on their pricing. In terms of what we're seeing is pretty steady. Obviously, the market is slightly lower than last year, but reasonable. And we’ve gained some share as people like the products that we're building, and where the economies are a little bit stronger, we tend to be the leader in those markets. So that for DAF is a positive scenario. I think everybody in our industry would like to see an increased market size, and that's probably not in the cards in the near future, but eventually, it will be.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And can I just sneak one more in? Just to clarify the Q3 production outlook. So overall, PACCAR production down 10% with Europe flattish. That implies U.S. and Canada is going to be down in the range of 15% to 20%, sequentially?
Mark C. Pigott: I think that's probably in the ballpark.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Basili Alukos of Morningstar.
Basili Alukos - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I guess, one question. Going back to the engine penetration, I was wondering if you could bifurcate that 20% to 25%, or 25% to 30% of the internal production between your current run rate of -- or at least normalized business on the U.S. side, call that, your 25% traditional market share versus the about 4% or 5% of the market share that you’ve picked up over the last year.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, we kind of look at it that we've really picked up 25% to 30% over the last year or 2, since that's when we started our factory up.
Basili Alukos - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Yes, sorry, maybe, like the 25% of your current business on the truck side, what percentage of the MX engines are on those versus the, call it, the 5 percentage points of market share you've gained on the North American Class 8 truck share? Just trying to get a sense of on those new customers…
Mark C. Pigott: Oh, I see. I think it's probably in line. Probably about 25%, which has added up to, let's say, 30%. Yes, if that's answering your question.
Basili Alukos - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Great. Yes, I was just try to get a sense of, obviously, with what's happening with your...
Mark C. Pigott: I think broadly, the engine is doing well. We're having a lot of good response from our customers across different industries and different locales who are seeing improved fuel economy. It's very quiet. It's an easy engine to operate. And once again, it's been in the marketplace for, let's call it, 1.5 years, and we're starting to get some good endorsements, which is causing other great customers to say, "It's been out for 1.5 years. Let me try some of those." So it's positive.
Basili Alukos - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: So do you think maybe you're winning new business due to the engine or just due to the quality of the truck?
Mark C. Pigott: Both.
Basili Alukos - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just following up on your 10-Q have called out the formal investigation with SEC. I'm just wondering if you could provide us with any follow-up.
Mark C. Pigott: No, I think it's all on track.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Kauffman of Sterne Agee.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I'd like to follow-up on the ForEx question a little bit. Could you possibly -- would you be willing to give us an idea for how much of that ForEx impact was more of a European-base versus, say, rest of the world? Because the real is down almost 20% against the dollar. The peso is down. I just kind of want get a sense for how that's affecting things. And then, kind of secondly, when you're looking at these capital investments you're making in Brazil and around the world, I would guess it just got a little cheaper for you. So could you discuss kind of the benefits you might be seeing in terms of capital allocation?
Michael T. Barkley: Okay. So the ForEx impacts that we're talking about are primarily the movements of the euro versus the U.S. dollar, which is down about 7% compared to the prior year on average. And certainly, as the real declines, it does reduce the dollar impact of the capital that we were investing there at the moment. And so that's why we have a range because we don't know exactly what's going to happen to currencies going forward.
Mark C. Pigott: And I think picking up on that good comment that...
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: All right. And one last follow-up. Cost of goods sold. Raw material costs are starting to come down. Is -- can you talk about where you're seeing the impact of, let's say, raw material costs coming down? And are you able to keep a fair amount of that internally?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, you're correct. Raw material is coming down, I think with the exception of probably copper and natural rubber. And this is obviously reflective of what's going on in the global business markets. We have -- over 75% of our components are covered by long-term agreements. And those long-term agreements, I think, are really an excellent tool for both us and our suppliers. So there are some mechanisms that will reflect lower commodity prices. But they're not just instantaneous. So, it will go down, but can you tell me in 3 months, are they going to go back up? Well, there might be some slight improvement, but overall, the good news is our suppliers are in good shape. They are making investments. They see that some of the markets are a little slower. But they're getting ready for when they do improve, and they're able to improve their quality and their capacity, and that's healthy for the whole industry. So overall, it's pretty steady.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Leiker of Baird.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Two questions for you. On the 13-liter that you're building here in the U.S. right now, how much of that supply chain and material production do you have now domiciled here in the U.S. versus bringing it over from Europe?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I would say that it's -- I don't have the exact percent, but it's increasing in terms of the local content. And it will continue to increase. Obviously, we started out 1.5 year ago, importing key components from our DAF factory, but as we ramped up in production and brought on suppliers, we're shifting that on a pretty steady basis over to North American suppliers.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then as the euro goes lower, at what point does it make sense to continue to bring that from Europe?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, we plan to eventually have the majority of the components in North America because we're not really doing this for an exchange rate hedge. We like to source in local currency. Yes, you can get an advantage, but you can also get a disadvantage. And our focus is on the highest-quality products at the lowest overall manufacturing cost because the exchange rate is good, but then you also have the longer time and the freight cost. So we're going to move it higher and higher to be in North America.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: We might have -- this might have come up earlier, and I had to jump off for a little bit, but 6 months ago or so, there was a lot of discussion around the industry of the cumulative increased cost of emissions and the inability to recoup that in the marketplace. Where do you think you’re at or the industry is at right now in terms of being able to recoup those emission costs?
Mark C. Pigott: I'd say over the last 6 months, there's been some positive movement but, certainly, have not recouped the costs. And looking out to the future, it's going to take a very strong market to make a sizable dent on those costs.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. Do you think that the transition that Navistar is going helps alleviate some of that, and everyone’s able to recoup some more of those costs?
Mark C. Pigott: I'm not sure what they're doing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Raso of ISI Group.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: One quick question. The targeted U.S. Canada build schedule. I want to try to think about the build schedule beyond 3Q. Did you target a build schedule that's consistent with the recent order pattern that we've seen, or if the orders stay the same as we've seen, is that up or down for the fourth quarter versus third quarter? I’m just trying to get a feel for how much you cut the third quarter relative to the recent order patterns.
Mark C. Pigott: I think that question was pretty well answered earlier on, that 15% or so cuts in U.S. and Canada.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Well, that's not my question. My question is that cut, are we then at a level that's consistent with the recent orders, thus say, if orders pick up, your build schedule goes up in the fourth quarter or if the orders stay the same? I'm just trying to get a feel, looking at the orders…
Mark C. Pigott: I think -- no. I mean, the way we operate, we try to have our production rate reflect incoming orders at a reasonable backlog, and that's what we're doing. And so if the orders come in at the rate they've been coming in for the last couple of months, then the production rate will be held pretty steady. If they increase, we will very gladly increase production.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So the third quarter reflects the recent order activity. So any movement from that level should flow right into your build…
Mark C. Pigott: That's accurate.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Rogers of Gagnon Securities.
Mark Rogers: I want to make sure I understood what your, I guess, strategy is for internally sourcing engines. And if you could frame that with respect to the LNG and CNG opportunity, I'd appreciate it.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, those are a little bit -- 2 different elements. But our strategy is to continue to grow our PACCAR branded engine in Kenworth and Peterbilt. If you go to Europe, I'm sure you have, you'll see that all engines in our DAF lineup: LF, CF, XF; are PACCAR branded. That is our strategy here. So we're making good strategy on that. In terms of LNG, CNG...
Mark Rogers: Okay. And then, is the plan going forward to continue sourcing your LNG engines from your partners, such as Cummins, or do you eventually plan on being able to do this in-house?
Mark C. Pigott: No, we work with Westport and Cummins, both excellent companies. And at this time, it's a very good partnership and seems to work well and provide our customers with a very high-quality, efficient solution in the natural gas markets.
Mark Rogers: Great. And then if I could, you are introducing that 12-liter Cummins-Westport branded engine. And I was wondering if you could just give a high level commentary on the anticipated demand for this engine platform.
Mark C. Pigott: Well we have the 9 and the 15, so I think the 12 will provide a nice middle point for customers. But I think as I indicated earlier, it's a market that's only 1% to 2% of the total truck market. So we'll see what happens.
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Robin E. Easton: I'd like to thank everyone for their excellent questions, and thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's Earnings Call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Robin E. Easton - Treasurer Mark C. Pigott - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Michael T. Barkley - Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President and Controller Ronald E. Armstrong - President and Principal Financial Officer
Analysts: Mark Mihallo - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Joel G. Tiss - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Basili Alukos - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Brian Michael Rayle - Northcoast Research
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded and if anyone has an objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Robin Easton, PACCAR's Treasurer. Mr. Easton, please go ahead.
Robin E. Easton: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Robin Easton, Treasurer of PACCAR, and joining me this morning are Mark Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ron Armstrong, President; and Michael Barkley, Vice President, Controller. As with prior conference calls, if there are members of the media participating, we request that they participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Mark Pigott.
Mark C. Pigott: Good morning. PACCAR reported excellent quarterly revenues and net income for the first quarter of 2012. PACCAR's first quarter sales and Financial Services revenues were $4.8 billion compared to $3.3 billion in the first quarter of 2011, a 45% increase. Quarterly net income increased to $327 million, a 69% increase versus the $193 million earned a year ago. I'm very proud of our 23,200 employees who have delivered industry-leading products and services to our customers worldwide. Increased truck deliveries in North America, higher aftermarket sales and a growing Financial Services business contributed to PACCAR's increased profits. Our customers in North America are benefiting from increased freight tonnage and higher freight rates, which are generating good profitability and enabling them to replace their aging fleets. The vocational truck market in the U.S. and Canada remains subdued due to the low levels of new housing starts. One of the highlights and we're very pleased with the positive response to the launch of the new Kenworth T680 and the Peterbilt Model 579. These exciting new trucks are the result of a 4-year, $400 million program that designed and developed a new family of 2.1 meter-wide cabs. These new trucks expand our product range and complement our existing vehicles. For the first time in our history, Kenworth and Peterbilt have a 3-cab family. PACCAR's range of 3 cab sizes is similar in format to BMW's 3, 5 and 7 Series of luxury automobiles. I think our trucks will haul a little bit more than those wonderful BMW cars, though. These investments in new products will contribute to the company's long-term growth. PACCAR delivered 39,800 trucks during the first quarter, and our truck deliveries were about 45% higher than the same period last year. Market pricing has improved since the first quarter of last year and coupled with increased plant utilization and improving leverage, generated higher quarterly truck gross margins of 9.2% compared to 7.8% a year ago. PACCAR does expect to deliver slightly fewer trucks, 2% to 3%, in the second quarter compared to the first quarter. Economic uncertainties in the Eurozone have resulted in lower industry truck orders compared to last year. Most European truck manufacturers have reduced build rates and scheduled shutdown days to reflect the lower market. The good news is that freight on Germany's motorways, which is one of the most closely watched freight statistics, is comparable to last year, indicating that freight traffic throughout the Eurozone is at good levels and our customers are generating profitable results. U.S. and Canadian industry retail sales are estimated to improve this year to a range of 210,000 to 240,000 units, up from 197,000 last year. This is being driven by ongoing replacement of the aging truck fleet and some economic growth. In Europe, the greater than 16-tonne truck market is anticipated to be in the range of 210,000 to 230,000 units. PACCAR's business initiatives worldwide are progressing well. Capital spending is estimated to be $450 million to $550 million, with research and development at $275 million to $300 million. Construction of the new DAF assembly factory in Ponta Grossa, Brazil is on schedule, and we plan to be building DAF Trucks in Brazil by the middle of 2013. Kenworth and DAF deliveries in the Andean region of South America, that is the region not included in the Mercosur, more than doubled in the first quarter of this year compared to the same quarter last year. In addition, ongoing investment in our engine family for EPA 13 and Euro 6, new product development and expanding our global purchasing efforts are all progressing on schedule. PACCAR is enhancing its network of 15 parts distribution centers, a new $40 million, 280,000-square foot distribution center will be constructed in Eindhoven, the Netherlands. The distribution centers in Madrid, Spain and Pennsylvania are increasing their capacity with the addition of a combined 100,000 square feet of warehouse space. Turning to PACCAR Financial. PACCAR Financial Services revenues were $261 million in the first quarter compared to $241 million last year. PACCAR Financial's first quarter pretax income jumped to $71 million compared to $50 million earned in the first quarter of last year. This was the highest level of quarterly pretax income since the fourth quarter of 2007, almost 5 years ago. The excellent results benefited from lower borrowing costs, growth in portfolio balances and good used truck prices. The credit loss provisions for the first quarter were $7.5 million and past dues were 1.3%, both at very low levels. PACCAR is well positioned to deliver the highest quality products and services to our customers through all phases of the business cycle. We're starting the year in strong fashion and are very pleased with the enthusiastic response by our customers, dealers and the press on the launch of the new Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks. Thank you. I'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Robin E. Easton: Operator, we'll take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Andy Kaplowitz from Barclays.
Mark Mihallo - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Mark, it's actually Mark Mihallo on for Andy today. Just a few quick questions. Just firstly, can you just provide an update on your margin guidance for the year? I believe in the last call you said something along the lines of flat to potentially down gross incremental margin. And just on top of that, just the cadence that you expect in terms of margins for the year, kind of 2Q through 4Q.
Mark C. Pigott: I think the margins will be relatively stable. It's what we're seeing in the markets really around the world. I guess that's probably the forecast for the year.
Mark Mihallo - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then just kind of in terms of 2Q margin, in terms of the production cut in Chillicothe, is there any expectation for kind of a sequential decline in margin in 2Q versus 1Q and then heading out to 4Q, kind of an uptick there? Any type of guidance around that?
Mark C. Pigott: Let me kind of break that into 2 parts. One, in terms of Chillicothe, where we -- the good news in the last year, we've increased the employment at Chillicothe. We have almost doubled it, and we've got a lot of wonderful employees there. We've had to make some adjustments. What probably wasn't reported was the increase in hiring in our facilities in Mexico and Australia. So kind of looking at the bigger picture, we obviously hope that we can increase production at all facilities, but sometimes that's not possible.
Mark Mihallo - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful, Mark. And then just a follow-up, in terms of Europe, I believe a European competitor recently was talking about European build rates remaining weakened. Obviously, you guys willing to lower, or the upper end of your forecast seems to correspond to that. But just in terms of aftermarket opportunities, it seems like this competitor was saying that they're holding up relatively well. Are you guys seeing or capturing that? Are you kind of expecting it to be better expected in the back half of the year in terms of European aftermarket opportunities?
Mark C. Pigott: That is an excellent question. Let's talk a little bit about aftermarket. Our Parts group and all the aftermarket services are performing well, and we continue to introduce a lot of exciting innovative programs, whether it's selling parts and services for our products or for our competitive brands. So that's going well. As I mentioned in the prepared statements, we're looking to expand our facilities in Eindhoven and in Madrid. So I think that bodes well for the future as we look to continue to grow. In terms of the truck side, the market overall, when you look at the greater than 16 tonne over the last 10 years, this year will be the third or fourth lowest, I guess I'd put it that way. It's going to be a reasonable market. We have made a minor adjustment to the upper end of our forecast range. The good news is that DAF just had a very successful truck show in Amsterdam at the RAI, introduced the Euro 6 and some of their new aerodynamic products. Market share is holding up well for DAF. So Eurozone is certainly in the paper for a lot of other things besides the truck market. And as that gets resolved, it may take time, I'm sure the truck market will improve. Our customers are in good shape. We meet with them on a regular basis. A lot of them came to the show in Amsterdam. There's freight to haul but like any good business people, they want to make sure what's going to happen in the next 12 to 24 months. So that needs to get resolved first. So it's going to be a reasonable year. It's one of the lower years in the last 10 years, but DAF's doing very well in Europe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook from Crédit Suisse.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: A couple of questions. First, Mark, just a clarification on your commentary about the margins. You said they think -- you think they'll be relatively stable. Can you talk about, I guess, stable relative to last year, stable relative to the first quarter? And then can you talk about -- I mean, you had originally guided to margins being flat to down last quarter. So what surprised you on the upside? And then just my last question, how do you think the market reacts in Europe ahead of Euro 6? Do you think there's a potential for any pre-buy? And then I'll get back in queue.
Mark C. Pigott: Sure. A couple of good questions. Euro 6 takes effect January 1, '14, so we're still about 19 months away. A number of our competitors and DAF now has shown their engines that will meet the Euro 6. Different countries are evaluating, is there or is there not a benefit to having some sort of incentive program. I think it's still early days. I think you're talking over 1.5 years. So I think we'll start to see -- if there's going to be any sort of pre-buy, that won't really happen until next year, if it happens then. In terms of margins, Michael?
Michael T. Barkley: Yes, the -- compared to last year, our truck margins are up on a dollar basis, up 85% on 58% higher truck sales. And during the quarter, we were -- had slightly higher sales which resulted in better operating leverage, which helped us achieve a little bit higher margin percentage than what we had originally anticipated.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, but we -- I mean, I guess we still haven't seen an improvement really on the incremental margins. I mean, do you expect incremental margins to be where we were in the first quarter and consistent with last year?
Michael T. Barkley: Well the incremental margins, we had 85% increase in truck margin on a 58% increase in truck sales, which was pretty good. And we also anticipate that during the course of the year, with truck sales being down slightly that there'll be some softness in margins, but it will be minor.
Mark C. Pigott: So I'd say pretty -- echoing Michael's side, it'd pretty stable to the first quarter. And I think what we -- you guys and we have been around for a long time. In the U.S. market, this is still one of the lower markets and of course in Europe, it's the third lowest in the last 10 years. So if you can get back to the upper half in terms of market size, that tends to drive some margin improvement as people are more eager to purchase trucks, and pricing isn't as competitive. So unlike a few -- well I see some other -- a few other industries, it's being impacted by still an uneven economic recovery. The good news is that we've got strong market share, we're introducing a lot of new products and I think the Brazil is an exciting venture for PACCAR that has some opportunities for improved margins. If that seems to be the location or the region of the world where most of our competitors achieve their highest margins, and certainly PACCAR is at the premium end of the scale, that could bode well. We'll actually have to get our factory up and running and sell trucks there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Mark, Robin and Michael, I'm wondering if you can talk about the first quarter gross profit performance on a bridge basis, the way you typically do in your Qs. And I guess specifically, can you touch on the impact of pricing net of material cost?
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think again, what you saw was primarily the benefit of higher production levels. When you look at, compared to the first quarter, more trucks, some operating leverage and pricing costs are not a big factor at this point. Pretty stable and then you're getting some additional price realization, as Mark mentioned in his comments at the offset in the call.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, I think that's a good one. Also on the suppliers, 6, 9 months ago that was the topic that we're talking about and suppliers are in good position. I know you've heard from a few of our suppliers and will hear from more of them over the next week or 2. I think their factories are in good position. They're getting good returns. The pipelines are in good shape. One item that certainly has been in the news is Nylon 12 and the fire in the factory in Europe. I just would address that our suppliers, particularly Eaton and Parker and a few others are working that very hard. We seem to be in good shape. The whole industry obviously is discussing it. That includes the automotive groups. And the good thing and one of the things we love about this industry is that when we do have these industry opportunities, everybody rallies around and they come up with some creative solutions. So I think as Ron mentioned, I think good pricing from suppliers, good steady deliveries to our factories and people love our products. And some of you were at the Mid-America Truck Show and you could hear by the roar of the crowd when we unveiled the new Kenworth and Peterbilt, there's -- we're taking these products to the next level in terms of comfort, reliability, durability, low cost of ownership. So a lot of good things progressing.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And Mark, how should we think about pricing versus material cost over the balance of the year? I think at the Truck Show, we spoke about better built-in material margin on the new Kenworth and Peterbilt aerodynamic products. Are we going to see a greater tailwind on net pricing of material costs in the back half of the year?
Mark C. Pigott: I would say that it's certainly one of the -- one of the benefits of these new products is not only better performance and profitable opportunity for our customers, but some reduction in cost. But I think to have any meaningful impact, it will be next year. We're just having a very limited released start-up in terms of production.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And on the R&D outlook, it looks like you trimmed it at the high end. Is that a function of project timing or projects coming in below budget?
Mark C. Pigott: I think a little bit of both. We got a lot of projects, as I tried to share with you, and we got a very dedicated team who's working, and some of them have been able to achieve what they anticipate will be lower cost in some of these projects. But we got a lot going on, and it's going to be an exciting next couple of years.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And lastly, can you comment on how we should think about pace of stock buyback over the course of the year and just refresh us on any capital deployment opportunities you have outside of Brazil? You had spoken in the past about potential on opportunities. Are those any closer?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes. Well on the stock buybacks, as you're aware I think we put in our press release, we have authorization from the board, and we periodically go into the marketplace as it makes sense to repurchase shares. So that's an open authorization, and we'll just have to see how the stock's doing. That's kind of really how we're looking at it. In terms of other utilizations, one of great things about PACCAR, we got a wonderful balance sheet and we're able to take advantage of opportunities as they come up. The big project right now would be building the factory in Brazil, which is going very well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan from JPMorgan.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I'm curious to get your color on what's going on in the U.S. market. I mean we saw orders slowed significantly over the last couple of months versus to your point, freight tonnage is strong, the fleet is building over [ph] than it's ever been. Do you think it's just customers paused a little bit over the last couple of months just because of higher diesel prices? Do you think there was some pre-buying at the end of last year? I'd like to get your color. You are closer to those customers than any of us.
Mark C. Pigott: Sure. I think the term you used is certainly the popular term right now, pause. Now when I pause my television, then I can't -- I lose the signal. I think what we're seeing here is not so much pre-buy. I think people have been ordering a good amount. There's still certain segments of our general economy, as I mentioned in my comments, sort of the construction side. And I focused in on the housing starts as one. But commercial activity is picking up in some regions, but still pretty low in a lot of regions. So that's certainly a percent of our business, and we tend to do very, very well. So that market is very low. Right now, if we get back to 225,000 for U.S. and Canada, that's replacement level or what we anticipate as replacement level. And as we talk with the customers and you probably saw a lot of them at Mid-America, they're pleased where their business is, but they're not expanding their business. There's not that many, say, acquisitions of one truck company buying another. That's -- a lot of that's been worked through the system, particularly during the recession in the last few years. So I think U.S. economy is still at pretty low levels of GDP growth. I think people are just -- they're buying what they need. They certainly recognize the very tangible benefits of having a new truck versus a truck that's 5, 6, 7, 8 years old. That can be measured in thousands of dollars per year. So I think they're just -- they're cautious. All -- their trucks are running. You don't go to a dealership or a customer and see trucks standing anymore. That's a thing of the past. So I think people are saying, "Hey, when I really get a good deal and I think that the economy is really strong and people are buying refrigerators and more computers and fixing up their houses, then you're going to see some good growth." And at 225,000, it's replacement value, but it would be nice to see the 250,000 and 275,000. That could be a while.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes. As one of the major capitalist's been going forward, the construction sector, I mean Sandy Cutler yesterday was talking about -- quite bullishly about broader-based construction activity and an acceleration in a number of sectors in construction. Is that kind of the next leg up that we need in European?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, it is. And I think obviously, Eaton is a wonderful partner with us, and they kind of have their hand directly in the construction business with a number of the products that they sell that go into buildings. So there I think when they said they're seeing some of that on the commercial side, which is certainly a driver but we also have the residential side, it's still at -- well it's literally at 50-year low levels. So that needs a kick a bit. Because the commercial side, that's one step then you can get the residential side, another step. I think you'll see our customers are in excellent shape. When you see their financial results, the ones that are publicly traded, they're making good money. They love our products. They're excited about the new products as they come onstream. And -- but right now, we're just kind of at that level. We've been able to grow our share because people like the products. So we're expanding elsewhere like in Brazil.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Leiker from Robert W. Baird.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: First, a numbers question. Can you break out for us the parts revenue and the profits?
Michael T. Barkley: Well, we don't have the Parts' profits. We can tell you what Parts' margin was.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Sure.
Michael T. Barkley: Parts' margin was $237.9 million compared to $219.2 million, up in line with the volume growth.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, great. And then Mark, a bigger picture as to kind of following up on what Ann was talking about. In an environment where we've got 2% GDP growth plus or minus, say for several years, it seemed like that the market, overall truck market stays relatively flat over that time period. Is there anything you would think that would cause us to go one way or the other in that type of environment?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, it's an excellent macro question. I mean, 2% is okay growth for the general economy. I think we may get to a point, and it may not be a truck-driven solution. It may be more in the political arena in terms of people's demand for housing and what, let's call it, the more broader financial institutions are able to do in terms of selling home inventory, and once we get that home inventory sold, how that will then ripple into new home construction. Trucking would be the beneficiary of that. I'm not sure it will actually be the driver of that. So it could be -- we could still have 2% GDP growth but if there's other, let's call it macro political or macro financial stimuli, we could really benefit from that. But our customers are really in good shape. As I mentioned, we have good financial performance from our PACCAR Financial group, the PacLease group performing very well; very, very low past dues. And as you talk with the customers, I know you do, they're reasonably bullish.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: On then a different topic, if we look at your quarterly revenue here, you got 2 quarters in a row at essentially $4.5 billion. And if you go back in 2006, you peaked at $4 billion on a quarterly rate. With your margins today, they're at the gross margin or at the EBIT -- or about 200 basis points lower. What needs to happen to be able to close that gap here, and do you think you could -- that can happen?
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think it goes back to the discussion we had earlier about the markets. The fact that in Europe, the market currently this year is expected to be about the third lowest in the last 10. In North America, U.S. and Canada, it's fourth or fifth highest out of 10. So the markets just aren't as strong as we've seen historically. We've seen some of those peak margin levels. So at stronger market, stronger market conditions, I think there's upside to the margins.
Mark C. Pigott: And I would add one point to I think Ron stated very clearly, is that certainly there's been a lot of additional cost, and we've talked about this in the past, in terms of just the -- meeting the different EPA and European environmental regulation. I think the good news is that over time, the whole industry and usually PACCAR is the leader, you work with our suppliers and keep refining the cost of these after treatment systems, meaning reducing the cost. These are big cost segments to absorb, certainly for our customers. And I would say, having been in the industry for 35 years, over the last 10 years have been the biggest series of cost adjustments that we've seen in 35 years. And I think that probably needs to get a little bit more airtime. We didn't see it in the '70s, '80s, '90s but certainly from, say, 2000, 2002 on, we've seen it. And so the good news is we continue to work with our great suppliers like Cummins and others on reducing that cost. If we can then couple that with a stronger general economy that drives the demand for more trucks, as you've seen in your experiences as a stronger market people, they're a little bit more willing to pay more probably just for about for any item, but I'm talking about trucks now. So reduce the cost of the after treatment, get a stronger market and increase our pricing and we'll be doing very well. We're already doing very well. We had a great quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Henry Kirn from UBS.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Could you talk a little bit about credit conditions in Europe, and maybe the opportunity banks stepping back gives to your Financial Services business?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes, I think we've -- we continue to not experience credit demand for our customers. They're able to get their trucks financed. PACCAR Financial in Europe has been beneficiary. They've seen their market share grow from 20% to 24% last year. So a record share level for them in 2011, and we continue to see strong share performance in the first quarter. So our portfolio's performing very well and we see further potential for growth as truck sales evolve.
Mark C. Pigott: And I think we've had PACCAR Financial in Europe for 10 years. So this is our 10-year anniversary or thereabouts, and so we're very pleased with the progress being made there. The dealers, it's just part of their integrated selling approach. The customers are comfortable and you recognize if you're customer and you have a 20-year relationship with a bank, it takes a while to shift allegiance to a different credit source. But they can see the benefit of working with one supplier, the dealer who supplies the trucks, the parts, the after service and the finance. So that's very good. Good credit availability in all our markets. That's really good news.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And in North America, can you talk a little bit about the penetration of the engines here and maybe the factors that your customers are looking at today to decide whether to go with your 13-liter engine or Cummins' 15-liter engine?
Mark C. Pigott: Sure, sure. Well we're very pleased. We've installed 22,000 engines of the PACCAR MX engines. They're doing well. We've got customers that are reporting excellent fuel economy improvements. And I just -- so we're very pleased. The factory continues to increase its production. I think you had an opportunity to visit it and if you haven't, I highly recommend it. One macro element that probably hasn't gotten a lot of press is that when we look at the industry in total for the first time in North America, 13-liter engines are now selling slightly ahead of 15-liter engines. And that's a little bit of a -- not a little bit, it's quite a sea change and there's a couple of reasons. First of all, there's still a good demand for 15-liter and we are very happy to supply 15-liter. Our customers love them. But the 13-liter brings a lower price, 300, 400 pounds lower weight. It can deliver a better fuel economy and it's just a very proven engine worldwide. So I think in terms of the timing, I have to take my hat off to our engine design group and production people because literally for the first time, I'd say in history, the 13-liter is now selling slightly ahead of the 15-liter. So it's exciting.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of J. B. Groh from D.A. Davidson.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: I had a question sort of on that same 13-, 15-liter and PACCAR engine line of questioning. I was curious as to -- of the trucks you're putting out now, what sort percentage of those are with growing [ph] engine, what -- how is that -- what kind of share are you getting there?
Mark C. Pigott: Still the 25% to 30% range. And it's exactly on schedule. And I'd say as we sell more of them and the customers are gaining the benefits, the word-of-mouth and the reports are positive and it's good.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. I'm kind of curious as to what your customers are saying about driver shortages and the CSA impact and improving economy and competing for labor and how that impacts their truck buying decision.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, it is interesting because typically when housing is down, that actually frees up people for the freight truck industry in this slow period. It appears that a certain number, I don't have the exact percent, of those potential drivers who are working in housing decided, "No, I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to maybe spend the time away from the family." And there's probably overlaid on top of that some element in terms of the higher qualification standards which is good for the industry in terms of getting -- we already have -- the industry has great, great drivers and putting, let's call it, a formal guideline, will continue to strengthen the great industry. So there hasn't really been an issue in terms of driver shortage for many of our customers, particularly ones who are buying new trucks. They're attractive. They get good fuel economy. They're very comfortable and people that may not have been driving for a few years are very pleasantly surprised when they get into a new vehicle because they really evolved over the last 3 to 5 years. So yes, it's healthy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Casey from Wells Fargo Securities.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of short-term questions, a lot has been asked and answered. On the positive pricing, does that include Europe and Australia?
Mark C. Pigott: I'm not sure what your question is.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Oh, in your comments, you talked about a positive pricing environment and clearly, U.S. is in there. I'm just wondering if that positive pricing environment is something global or if it is driven by the U.S. and not existing in Europe and Australia.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, Australia is good. Mexico is good. South America is good. I think Europe is probably relatively flat, stable. Does that answer it?
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes. And then short term, are you seeing any demand dampening from some of the reported slumping activity in portions of the U.S. energy sector, mainly the hydraulic frac-ing?
Mark C. Pigott: Oh, that's a good question. Let me take it from a slightly different approach. The dealers that we've had in, let's call it, the shale, oil areas, they've seen demand that has been unprecedented whether it's in portions of Canada or Pennsylvania or the Dakotas, it's been pretty amazing. To be a dealer there is to do well. So I think in terms of just the frac-ing itself, I can't really comment on that. I don't think I can really relate that to sort of the trucking demand. But sort of the general focus on oil and gas has really been strong in terms of driving a lot of the, let's call it, local or super local regions. There's been a lot of demand for trucks in those regions. Let me just sort of segue off of that in terms of there's been some discussion about alternative fuels, LNG, CNG. And I think once again the good news is that PACCAR is a leader in offering the complete range of products including hybrid. We've got a strong market share, over 30%. And certainly in the press, maybe focused a little bit more on the car side than the truck side, but we've got good customers who like to buy that product. I think over time what will be driving that particular industry is the difference between the pricing for diesel and, let's call it, gas. What's going to be the differential, obviously the infrastructure in North America in terms of offering LNG, CNG is very, very small compared to diesel outlets. And I think we also have to recognize that the LNG or CNG in terms of the number of miles you can drive on 100 gallons of whatever the equivalent fuel you're using is about half of what you can get with diesel. So these are some of the elements that are not typically brought up in the press but when you're operating a truck company, you're looking at those very, very carefully. So the good news is PACCAR's a leader. We got the product. If that's what you want to buy, we're happy to sell it to you.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: On that last one, on the alternative fuels, are you recognizing that you have the flexibility to ramp up demand if it manifests itself? Are you currently looking at, particularly some of the nat gas power potential as more of a niche market? Or is it something that over time, maybe 5 years, could approach a meaningful size of the market?
Mark C. Pigott: Well that is a question that's obviously getting debated in the press on, let's call it, a macro level. Right now it's a niche market. It's less than 1% of industry demand. The people who want it are generally pretty happy with it and we certainly are happy to build them and deliver them. Looking out 5 years, it's really going to be impacted by how fast will the buildout of the supply infrastructure be. That's important. The cost is almost -- it's almost twice the cost of just buying a normal Class 8 truck. So you got to have an operating environment that you can recover that cost. And for many, many customers, they just don't see where it's viable. So 5 years out, I think we maybe should be looking 10 years out. And if you look at the history in the automobile of hybrids and people like Toyota are probably leaders on hybrids, that's still a very, very small percent of the vehicles. I'm reading an interesting statistic in one of the magazines that the number of people who buy a second hybrid is roughly 25%. What that means is 75% of people that buy a hybrid don't buy another one because it's about 50% more expensive to buy it. So anyway, we're ready, willing and able and have a full range of product.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Tiss from Buckingham Research.
Joel G. Tiss - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: So do you think the 2013 trucks coming out will be pricing and mix improvement will be enough to that they will notice it on your margins and your incremental margins?
Mark C. Pigott: You're talking about for North America?
Joel G. Tiss - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Yes. And when are those products going to hit? Probably late summer, right, or early fall?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, that's right. That's right, but probably later in the year. I think there are some benefits to the new engine, that are the new EPA 13, that could have some minor positive benefit, but you probably won't see it this year, probably more next year.
Joel G. Tiss - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: And any signs that the owner operators are coming back at all? There are whispers of it at the end of the show, but I don't know.
Mark C. Pigott: Were you at the show?
Joel G. Tiss - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Yes.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes. Well, the -- we talked about owner operators. We love all our customers. I think it has to be taken in a broader light for any industry and that these owner operators, they're small businesspeople, they're very dedicated, they're wonderful customers. But I think to continue to grow, they typically align themselves with a larger company so they get whether it's the health care benefits, they get regular freight, they know the routing, they might have some sort of maintenance programs with a larger fleet. So I think the concept of the owner operator, it's a wonderful thought. But I think it's moving on to, I would now say, it's sort of small, medium and large businesses. That's the way I kind of look at it.
Joel G. Tiss - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. Yes, I'm just trying to gauge if the negative mix shift that we've seen has run its course and if we can see enough profitability improvement, even if the U.S. and Western Europe stay depressed over the next 2 years to continue to see some of it.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, I think the mix has been very positive. We've seen continued growth as -- we sell to like all the medium, large and extra-large customers. That's great business or great customers, great partners. And I think it's all good. It's all good. And that -- say, we're in a strong position and that you saw the new products we're coming out with. There's been great interest from a lot of people. And we're just bringing in the, let's call it, medium-sized cabover product. And there's been a lot of interest, particularly for people in intercity, urban distribution are very interested in that. So right now, we have the broadest lineup of products in our history, and I think that positions PACCAR very, very well. We're very excited about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Denoyer from Wolfe Trahan.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Quick question for you on North American market share. If I look at North America overall, including Mexico and I guess exports, your market share I think was a record in terms of the data that I have about almost 32%, which was up about 5 percentage points year-over-year. Obviously, that's a very impressive result. And I'm just wondering if the oil and gas business that you talked about earlier was having a significant impact on that. And Alison Transmission said yesterday afternoon that they're seeing some cuts from oil and gas customers in terms of orders. So I'm wondering if you can give us a little bit of a sense of how you expect your market share to develop throughout the year and what impact do you expect oil and gas sector to have?
Mark C. Pigott: Okay. Well a good question. The oil and gas sector for us is they're very good customers, but it has sort of minimal impact on market share for us. We are -- our market share is driven by, right now, on-highway haulers. We sell certainly to the oil and gas and other groups and we love working with them, but market share is really very, very minimal. I think the growth has just been people like the Kenworth and Peterbilt product. As you followed our company, you've recognized that first is really build the premium product and premium service and over time, the market share has increased as a result of that. People love the product. It's the low cost to operate. There's a lot of pride driving our products around the world. So in terms of our share, probably be in about the same range you're looking at. But that's not the #1 driver for us. The #1 driver is great premium product and that's what we work on hard every day, highest quality.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. And a follow-up on Brazil. There were some recent announcements of new local content regulations essentially trying to localize more of the supply base down there. Has that had any impact in terms of your plans in terms of building out the facility? I mean, specifically on engines, I believe you had said that you're planning on exporting from Mississippi. Is that still the case?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, you are correct that Brazil as a country continues to evaluate local content requirements. Once again, the good news is we meet all the requirements. That is certainly one of the first areas that we took a very hard evaluation of. The vast majority of our suppliers have been in Brazil, are in Brazil. We're working with them closely. In terms of the engine, we'll be sourcing essentially the vast majority of the content of the engine in Brazil. And if Mississippi was mentioned one time, maybe that was a thought. But we have suppliers in Brazil and we'll be sourcing a large percentage of the content in Brazil. We may do some additional machining or things outside of the country, but it's being bought in Brazil.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. But you are planning to be vertically integrated on engine pressure in Brazil.
Mark C. Pigott: Well I mean, we're going to be -- we'll only offer the PACCAR engine. I think that may be one part of your question. We're buying the major components, the heads, the blocks in Brazil.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay, great.
Mark C. Pigott: And that's the big elements, and those are certainly the big cost drivers for an engine.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer from Vertical Research.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Just one quick question. I know it's kind of basic, but I wonder if you could just walk through pricing and how and the timing of when it flows through. My impression is you took us from a big hit on the components on the engine with the '10 and that you've been slowly recouping that. And I wondered especially this year whether you get the list price increase benefit in 1Q, 2Q, 3Q time frame. And you described the pricing as being sort of smooth throughout the year, so I just wanted to understand how that flows through.
Mark C. Pigott: I think you actually described it pretty well. You absorb these large cost increments and then you work with suppliers and try to keep refining it. The customers who are the -- they're the final judge on what they're going to purchase, work through. They see the benefits of buying the new componentry. They are perhaps a little more willing to pay a little bit more because they can see the benefit will come to their bottom line. And in terms of this year, I think suppliers are in good shape. We've got the vast majority of our agreements or multiple year long-term agreements with our suppliers. So I think it should really be -- I think it should be very smooth in terms of supplier cost increases affecting us. And as a result, I think the pricing will be stable. Because I think you also have to incorporate what's going to be happening to the general economy, and that's more than just trucking.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Your list price increases though, when would that sort of benefit your revenue for the current model year?
Mark C. Pigott: It's very similar to the rest of the industry. You either have 1 or 2 list price increases during the year. So at the beginning of the year and the middle of the year is pretty typical. And so that's the timing. And you hope that it'll have some impact. That's really all I can offer on that.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: That's fine. And then if I can ask you -- you kind of addressed this, Mark, just a second ago, but the market share look for throughout the year -- the build -- your share has been phenomenal. The build rate in the first quarter were a little bit strange with one of your larger competitors having sort of a lower build rate. And I just wondered if you could address whether your market share and build is similar to your market share in the order book. In other words, whether you would've built more of our backlog down or whether just the build is a true reflection of the share you've gained in the order book as well.
Mark C. Pigott: I think our share, I think -- I just want to jump in. We build the highest-quality product in the industry. That's what we provide to our customers. And we've been very fortunate and we thank our customers for buying them. And that's what has driven the share. I think our production, our dealers are in very good shape. Their inventory is in good shape. So when we build it, it gets to our customers and they register it and that's what reflects the shares, so it's a pretty straightforward process.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Uhlman from Cleveland Research.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: I was wondering if you could give us a little bit more color on what your order trends have been like in the U.S. and in Europe. I'm trying to put the build reduction in the second quarter of 2% to 3% in perspective so we can understand why the builds are going down.
Mark C. Pigott: Sure, you bet.
Michael T. Barkley: Our order intake in the first quarter was similar to the fourth quarter of 2011, if that's what your question was.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, and we had some adjustments, and you're aware of those. In Europe, it's pretty stable. We took the adjustments essentially in the fourth quarter, a little bit in January. And in North America, the orders have seen some decline on the industry for the industry. And we'll also see -- I think Ann asked the question, are we sort of in a pause mode. So we reflect that also as our competitors do. So we're saying second quarter might be 2% to 3% down and first quarter we got some improvement in other markets. Mexico and Australia and South America's going well. So that's kind of where we are.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Okay, great. And then congrats on the success with the Peterbilt awards.
Mark C. Pigott: Appreciate it. Thank you very much.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: I'm wondering, going back to the discussion about vocational. If you're able to size what the construction market could be for PACCAR. It sounds like it's meaningful just so we think about the upside opportunity as the market starts to come back.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, why don't we take that off-line, because that's a pretty complicated answer.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Most asked and answered, but appreciate you sticking around.
Mark C. Pigott: We're always happy to talk.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just to tag along -- it's a couple of tag-along questions. If I can maybe try and approach that last question in a different way. Can you frame how much the vocational business has declined for you from peak to where it is today?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, it's -- why don't we take that off -- let's not make something that it's not. We'd love to have house building strong again. That would be wonderful because it's timber, it's concrete, it's glass, it's carpets, it's refrigerators. It's a whole host of products that obviously many, many industries are involved with. And the good news, our share has gone up. The Kenworth, Peterbilt, DAF have done a fantastic job of growing on-highway business. We're into many, many more medium and large customers. So I think that's really the focus. But we're selling to customers who are out there. That's pretty basic.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Maybe just switching over back to the engine side then, can you give us I guess your build rate? And I think last quarter, you had talked about targeting 130 units, 130 a day, where we are in the ramp to that number and kind of your capacity utilization?
Mark C. Pigott: You bet. We've got plenty of capacity. That's the good news. 130 is not an accurate number, but we're increasing it. And over the course of the next 12 month, we're looking to double the engine production, and that's kind of why we're on schedule.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Nolan from Deutsche Bank.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered. I've just got a couple of quick follow-ups. Just on the Parts business, you had said the top line was up basically in line with the profit growth, so margins are kind of similar as they were last year. Is that what...
Michael T. Barkley: That's correct.
Mark C. Pigott: Correct.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. That's what I thought. And I assume volumes in the quarter were pretty much down slightly in line with the guidance, correct?
Michael T. Barkley: Yes.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes.
Michael T. Barkley: Compared to the fourth quarter?
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, compared to the fourth quarter, yes.
Michael T. Barkley: That's correct, down about 2% or 3%.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, you bet.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And, Mark, I just wanted to follow up on the earlier question about build versus sales. You clearly have made strong progress in both the U.S. and Canada taking market share. But it did look like the production was a little bit higher at least with the public data that we have than the sales rate. That's just kind of timing of orders. Could you could help...
Mark C. Pigott: Very simple. Yes, just timing.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So kind of going forward, build and sales kind of equal to each other. That's how we should think about it?
Mark C. Pigott: That's typically the way we look at it. You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Basili Alukos from Morningstar.
Basili Alukos - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: It seems like my questions -- but I'll come and get it at a different perspective. When you thought about building the engine facility, kind of going back to when you started, what did you expect or what were your goal for production rates to be so that the engines would ultimately be accretive to gross margins? At least the way I think about it because you're at a lower production rates -- or penetration rate on your engines, you're having that fixed cost or holding down gross margins. So I'm just trying to get a sense...
Mark C. Pigott: No, it's a good question, but I don't think it's quite -- reflects what's actually going on. We're right on target. It's accretive and it's been excellent for our customers obviously benefiting for our dealers because it gets them into the engine powertrain business which is also good on, let's call it, the aftermarket support. So no, it gives us additional global volume which is a real benefit when we're talking with suppliers. And it also increases our expertise in engines, which as we look at doing things like Brazil, just enhances our opportunities to deal with customers around the world. So it's been a real win, a real win.
Basili Alukos - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. That helps. And then I just want to follow back, you'd said kind of first time 13-liter engines are selling slightly ahead of 15. Do you think that the pie is shifting as more people are going more towards 13, or is it because maybe rail is becoming more efficient, you're seeing those 15-liter engine customers transferring their load to rails and so the pie is shrinking and as a result...
Mark C. Pigott: That's a great theoretical question. I think people enjoy the benefits of the 13-liter. I think we'll just leave it at that.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of line of Brian Rayle from Northcoast Research.
Brian Michael Rayle - Northcoast Research: Again, most questions have been answered. Just if we could look into Europe, I mean, I know you have the long-term target for 20% market share, obviously...
Mark C. Pigott: And we're at 15.5%.
Brian Michael Rayle - Northcoast Research: Right. 15.5% was the end of the first quarter?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, it was.
Brian Michael Rayle - Northcoast Research: Okay. Obviously, your market share targets in North America have been lower. And you've kind of blown past those. Is 20% where you really think the ceiling is or something that's achievable here in the near term...
Mark C. Pigott: 20% for Europe?
Brian Michael Rayle - Northcoast Research: Yes. You could throw it out as a medium-term goal.
Mark C. Pigott: I know. It is a medium-term goal. It continues to be the medium-term goal, and it's a wonderful goal. Why don't we talk when we achieve it, and then we can take a look at that?
Brian Michael Rayle - Northcoast Research: All right. So next quarter is...
Mark C. Pigott: I like your optimism. I like your optimism.
Operator: Mr. Easton, there are no further questions. [Operator Instructions]
Robin E. Easton: All right. Thank you, operator. I think we -- time is up now.
Operator: Thank you. There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Robin E. Easton: I'd just like to thank everyone for their excellent questions, and thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-31 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Robin E. Easton - Treasurer Mark C. Pigott - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Michael T. Barkley - Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President and Controller Ronald E. Armstrong - President and Principal Financial Officer Robin Easton - 
Analysts: Andrew Obin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Joel G. Tiss - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Brian Michael Rayle - Northcoast Research Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Salvatore Vitale - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Michael Regan
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded and if anyone has an objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Robin Easton, PACCAR's Treasurer. Mr. Easton, please go ahead.
Robin E. Easton: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Robin Easton, Treasurer of PACCAR. And joining me this morning are Mark Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ron Armstrong, President; and Michael Barkley, Vice President, Controller. As with prior conference calls, if there are members of the media participating, we request that they participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Mark Pigott.
Mark C. Pigott: Good morning. PACCAR reported record quarterly revenues and strong net income for the fourth quarter of 2011. PACCAR's fourth quarter sales and Financial Services revenue were $4.85 billion compared to $3 billion in the fourth quarter a year ago, a 58% increase. Quarterly net income increased to $328 million, a 92% increase versus the $170 million earned a year ago. I am pleased to report that this was the best quarterly profit since the first quarter of 2007, 5 years ago. Earnings per share were $0.91 in the fourth quarter, nearly double the $0.46 earned in the fourth quarter of 2010. PACCAR's 2011 yearly net income of $1.04 billion was the fourth highest profit in company history and marked the company's 73rd consecutive year of earning a net profit. Quite a record. I'm very proud of our 23,400 employees who have delivered industry-leading products and services to our customers worldwide. Increased truck deliveries, higher aftermarket sales and growing Financial Services business worldwide contributed to PACCAR's increased profits. Our customers in North America are benefiting from increased freight tonnage and higher freight rates, which is generating good profitability for their business and enabling them to replace their aging fleets. In the U.S. and Canada, Peterbilt and Kenworth achieved a record Class 8 market share of 28.1%. Kenworth Mexicana achieved a record Class 8 market share of 45% in Mexico. Europe's 2011 industry registrations were up 33% compared to 2010, and DAF achieved a record 15.5% share in the above 15-tonne market. You all read the newspapers or do it electronically, and you can see that economic uncertainties in recent months in the Eurozone have resulted in lower industry truck orders. As result, DAF has reduced build rates by a total of 20%, similar to many, in fact most of its competitors, since last November. The good news is that freight tonne miles in Germany, which is the largest market in Europe, is the highest in 5 years, which we hope will translate into increased truck orders as the year progresses. PACCAR delivered 41,000 trucks during the fourth quarter, 69% more than the same period last year. Market pricing has improved, and coupled with increased plant utilization has generated higher quarterly truck gross margins of 9.3% in the fourth quarter compared to 6.7% a year ago. PACCAR does expect to deliver slightly fewer trucks in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter due to the lower production rates at DAF. U.S. and Canadian industry retail truck sales were 197,000 units last year, in line with our estimates, and we are estimating that they will improve to a range of 210,000 to 240,000 units this year, assuming ongoing replacement of the aging truck fleet and some economic growth. In Europe, the greater than 15-tonne market was 244,000 units in 2011, and it's anticipated the European industry truck sales this year will be in the range of 210,000 to 240,000 units. While we welcome improved markets in the U.S. and Canada, it's still a far cry from the 360,000 units which were the record about 5 years ago. The company generated over $1.5 billion in cash from operations in 2011. And we're very proud to say that we returned over $800 million to stockholders in dividends and share repurchases. Capital additions totaled $538 million. PACCAR plans to continue to make significant investments in its business this year. Capital spending is estimated to be $450 million to $550 million, and research and development will be in the $275 million to $325 million range. More good news, PACCAR's SG&A percent of 2.6% was a quarterly record, reflecting excellent productivity and cost controls throughout the company and I thank all our wonderful employees for their hard work. PACCAR is increasing its investments to expand its geographical footprint and build on its technology and productivity leadership. I think many of you saw the press release of the groundbreaking for the construction of the new DAF assembly facility in Ponta Grossa, Brazil, and we have begun construction of the factory and look forward to building trucks in Brazil in the middle of 2013. PACCAR did deliver a record number of Kenworth and DAF trucks in 2011 in the Andean region of South America, where we've been present for 40 to 50 years.  Switching continents, following the establishment of the PACCAR Technical Center in Pune, India, DAF participated in the Delhi Auto Expo, India's largest commercial vehicle show. That was about 3 weeks ago. And many of you have visited the European and North American truck shows. I would just tell you that if you go to the show in Delhi, over 1.8 million visitors attend that show over a 2-week period. In fact, they limit attendance to 100,000 per day. China continues to be the largest truck market in the world. However, industry heavy truck sales in China last year were down about 13% due to lower government incentives. PACCAR did expand its Shanghai purchasing office last year and increased the level of component purchases from Chinese suppliers. Finally, PACCAR established a new sales office in Moscow, Russia last year and in December, we opened a new parts distribution center in Moscow. These actions are facilitating DAF's continued growth in the expanding Russian and CIS truck market as well as Eastern Europe. PACCAR Financial Services revenues were $266 million in the fourth quarter compared to $244 million a year ago. PACCAR Financials' fourth quarter pretax income improved to $67 million compared to $50 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. This was the highest quarterly pretax income since the fourth quarter of 2007, and was achieved due to better finance margins and portfolio growth. Past dues were at a low level of 1.5%. So in conclusion, I'm pleased to say that PACCAR is well positioned to deliver the highest-quality products and services to our customers as we grow in traditional and new markets. Thank you and I look forward to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Obin from Bank of America.
Andrew Obin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a question in terms of how we should be thinking about operating leverage at PACCAR going forward. Just looking at this quarter, I would've expected that we got more bang for the buck, given the improvement in Denton in Chillicothe, but operating leverage was similar to the third quarter. So is that the new run rate for operating leverage at PACCAR, or there are some period costs that are going to go away going to next year?
Mark C. Pigott: I think the leverage is very good at our facilities. Obviously, there were -- we pride ourselves being the most productive manufacturer in our industry. And so I say going forward, or I don't know what you mean by that, but maybe this year, probably be in the same range.
Andrew Obin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Well, but my only question is that historically, coming out of the bottom of the cycle, even adjusting, and I understand that there was a mix adjustment there was a lot of stuff going on, operating leverage at PACCAR was sort of at high teens, low 20s, and this is not to say that the results you have are bad...
Mark C. Pigott: No, they're excellent, as a matter of fact.
Andrew Obin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's what I thought you were going to say. And having said that, in the past you sort of -- there was more oomph, so to say, coming out of the cycle and this time around is just -- you have said there, earnings pickup.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, well I'm not sure that the industry is coming out of the cycle as has been talked about. We're essentially at a market now of 200,000 units and if you go back 5 or 6 years, you'll see market's 250,000, 280,000 300,000, 340,000, 360,000. Those are not quite double, but 50%, 60%, 70% higher. And those are -- so it continues to be a great market. We enjoy it, but it's surely not to the heyday that it was 5, 6, 7 years ago.
Andrew Obin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And just a short question, are there any period costs associated with the start-up of the Brazilian plant at this point?
Mark C. Pigott: Not significant, no.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andy Kaplowitz from Barclays Capital.
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Mark, your guidance for truck sales in U.S. and Canada is right smack in the middle. It's at replacement demand. But when you talk to your customers, is there any evidence that they are going to start expanding their fleets? What I'm trying to figure out is if there's really any upside here, given that the last few months have been a little stronger than some people would've expected in the U.S.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, good question. Well we were just with a large group, sort of a cross-industry mix, if you will, last week and I'll just share a few thoughts. First of all, the customers that are operating today have survived a number of severe recessions over the last 10, 12 years. So they're very good operators. They know their business, they're flexible, they're adaptable. So our customers now are making good profitability. A number of them that are involved in the oil and gas boom are doing very well. And what's interesting, we find a number of customers that typically have not been in that business are, I'd say, gravitating to that or is at least allocating a portion of their resources to explore being in that business. You're now seeing a little bit of improvement in home remodeling, which has been pretty dormant for the last few years. And you can track that through some of the big-box retailers that focus on home remodeling. That can be good for the Trucking business. The technology side, the engine side, we got EPA 13 coming up in about 11 months. We expect that the engines that we will provide, because of things like common rail, will generate a improved fuel economy of a couple percent. I think that will get people interested in upgrading their fleets. And then finally, the age of the part is still 6, 7, 8 years old. And depending on which statistic you look at, but it's certainly one of the oldest in the last 20, 30 years. So customers are doing well, some are doing very well. Certain segments that have been quiet in terms of hauling are starting to improve. Products are coming out of the marketplace that will generate better fuel economy and whether it's more aerodynamics or better engines. And you still got old fleet. So I think the customers are feeling better than they did a few years ago.
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Mark, that's good color. And then, maybe just a follow-up on Andrew's question. Around -- and really the mix over the next year or in 2012 between the U.S. and Europe, Europe is obviously coming down a little bit and the U.S. is improving. When we look at the margins of those 2 regions, how does that affect 2012 margins in general? Europe may be a little higher margin, or am I mistaken in that?
Mark C. Pigott: Well typically, I think when you look at our industry, as markets go down, I'm talking about the -- less trucks are ordered, margins go down because OEMs are scrambling for the business. So as you look at Europe and you see the press as much as we do -- Europe is a complicated, multi-country coalition. You hear in the press today that unemployment is -- just hit a 10.4%, which is the highest in a number of years whereas in Germany, unemployment is the lowest in over 10 years. So there's a whole lot of things going on. But I think as the market is lower in Europe, that's going to have probably the effect of having some lower margins. As market in the U.S. and Canada improves, maybe margins will slightly improve. But I think overall, it will be about the same as we saw last year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan from JPMorgan.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just to step back, talk about your own particular integrated engine. You're still settling 79%, 76% of your trucks are going out with Cummins Engine. Can you just talk a little bit about how the introduction of your own engines is going? Have there been any warranty issues? And then some perspective on where we might be by this time next year.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, we were selling about 25%, sometimes 30% depending on the month of our own engine. That's in North America. Of course in Europe, it's a much higher percent of our own engines there. It's going well. We're now a little past a year in production, and we're having customers that are ordering their second tranche of engines because of the good fuel economy and reliability and quietness. I think it's been a good start-up, and we continue to invest in the factory and putting in more machining capability. And I think it'll be great to have you come down later in this year, maybe in the fall to sort of see the progress that's being made. I'll be down there in 2 days, and I think it's been very, very good. So all in all, excellent strategic move for PACCAR and Cummins continues to be an excellent partner with us around the world.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then as a follow-up, just in Europe, I mean in the U.S., I appreciate that PACCAR -- both Kenworth and Peterbilt are pretty strong in the oil and gas sectors. In Europe, the short gains by DAF, is that more because the geographies that DAF is leveraged to are stronger, or are there specific segments where DAF is particularly valued?
Mark C. Pigott: That is one of the best questions you've asked, Ann.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Finally. After 10 years.
Mark C. Pigott: DAF is the tractor leader in Europe. So that is the on-highway segment. And it's been a wonderful 15 years since we acquired DAF and I mean, they're just part of the family. So really what happened, as we grew the company and we've got wonderful dealers, DAF dealers throughout the continent, the initial focus was to sell tractors on-highway. Those are the people that you would see more typically. And so they've grown that very strongly and have 19% share of the tractor market throughout all of Europe. And now that's -- so that's been really the driver for the overall share growth. Now, of course we've always had great product, but we're focusing additionally on the vocational segment. Now some of the vocational segment is good, some of it's a little bit slower, but that's a big focus, particularly on our -- what we call our CF models. And so I see some real exciting opportunities as the years progress because we'll have a very strong base on the tractor side and continue to strengthen our vocational side. And then we also have, call it the urban vehicle, the LF, which is growing. And we're market share leaders, particularly in the U.K. and a few other countries. But that's got a lot of runway ahead of it. So I think DAF's done a great job. We're just picking the segments, designing the product, giving the support, getting leadership and then building on that into the next segment. Excellent question.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And I presume you'll offer the complete DAF range in Brazil.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, we do. And we're hoping to invite everybody there and give us about a year or so to get everything going, but we'll have the complete range for the LF, the CF and the XF.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Mark, can you talk about your business in Europe? You picked up market share over the course of 2011, and I'm wondering if you can touch on whether you expect a tailwind to your sales numbers versus the overall industry because you're exiting the year at a higher market share rate. And I'm wondering if you could share with us how many dealer locations your partners have added over the past 12 months in the region.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, we have -- DAF has about 1,000 dealer locations throughout all of Europe, which is working very, very well. And I think you kind of touched on an interesting point, and that is one of the real strengths of our brand is the strength of the independent dealer network. 99% of our dealer are independent, and I think that has been an area that probably doesn't get enough press and that is these dealers are really focused on working in their home territories. They live there, they work there, their families work there and I think that's been somewhat of a contributor to the growth of DAF over the years. In terms of the tailwind coming from 2011, we don't really forecast market share. We continue to grow and produce the best products, and that has generated increased share as our customers benefit from our products and services. So we look to steady, steady growth. But some years are better than others, but we've been very fortunate and have grown pretty steadily over the last 15 years.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And Mark, can you comment how far out your backlog extends in the European business at this point versus where it was maybe a quarter ago?
Mark C. Pigott: Versus a quarter ago? Well, I think it's comparable. Obviously, we've had to adjust the build rates to maintain, let's call it, the weeks of visibility for the production side. And that's kind of how we manage it.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And on your Parts business, obviously, we're hitting a transition point for the overall market. Can you talk about what kind of order rates and demand you're seeing in Europe on the parts side? Is it similar to what we're seeing on the new truck demand?
Mark C. Pigott: The Parts business is very steady, if that's what you're kind of asking. Parts, once again, all of the European truck parts, the overall market is not as old as the U.S. and Canada. It is aging somewhat, and we have many new innovative programs whether it's all-makes branding, just more technology involved to make it easier to order parts. We continue to expand our production capability within our parts distribution centers. So Parts business is pretty steady, and good freight's still going on. As I mentioned, the mouth statistics in Germany, so customers -- as we say, if you don't read the paper or you don't read your electronic mail, business is pretty good for many of our customers. Yes, there's -- some Southern Europe is more challenging, but a lot of our customers are doing well. They're just cautious about ordering right now because there are some macroeconomic and political issues that frankly I don't think any of us know how that's going to get resolved. So the customers that are driving and hauling freight every day are saying, "Love the product, would like to order more. I'm going to order some." Just because something unusual happens. I want to be in good shape as their own independent company. So Parts are good business.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And lastly, can we talk about the margin structure for '12 versus '11, and the level of operating leverage we should be looking for? Obviously, you're going to get some nice productivity gains out of your freshly added U.S. workforce but on the flip side, with lower production rates in Europe. Do you still expect to deliver similar level of gross margin leverage that you did this year or in '11?
Mark C. Pigott: I think you summed it up very accurately. There's some slight upside potential in North America, but that's countered or muted by what's going on in Europe. So I think it's going to be comparable, maybe a little bit down this year compared to last year. Just -- we will have to see how Europe shakes out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Henry Kirn from UBS.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: On the mix in revenues, the fourth quarter revenues were a lot stronger than we expected. Was there anything in the geographic or product mix that influenced the quarter? Or did pricing step up more severely than maybe I expected in the quarter?
Mark C. Pigott: I think across-the-board we had good orders, good productivity coming out of our factories. There was some element of improved pricing. I think we touched on that in the earlier question in North America. It was just a very good quarter all the way around. Parts are good, finance was good, I think everything contributed to a very good quarter.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then as we go into '12 for Europe, not to kill the topic, but is it possible to get a little more granularity around expectations by region within Europe? And then maybe the cadence of demand, as we go in 2012, as we sit here now.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I think -- we're -- of course we're in Europe in a big way. We're in every single country, and it's a complicated subject in terms of what's going to happen for the market. That's why we gave a range of $2.10 to $2.40, which is down from the $2.44 a year ago. But I mean, you see the news every day, every week, every month, there's a slightly different or modified approach to dealing with some of the more troubled countries. I think in terms of our specific industry, there's a lot of freight out there. There's a lot of people who have -- once again comparable in North America, who have survived the last 10 years are in good position. They've got good, solid operations. There's very, very few cancellations. So people are just cautious about what's going to be happening. But they're ordering trucks, they like the trucks, they would like to order more. We've got big -- a couple of big truck shows going on this year in Europe. It will be I think exciting to see how those progress. But there's just the overhanging points about the general macroeconomic and political structure, how that's going to shake out. You talk with the customers, they're loving our trucks, they would like to buy more. I think once things clear up, they will buy more.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Casey from Wells Fargo.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Mark, a few questions. The first is kind of a detailed one on the quarter, and then the others are kind of looking forward. On Q4, can you give us the revenue and gross profit split between truck and parts, please?
Mark C. Pigott: The gross profit for the margin percentages?
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: No, no. If you could give -- and I know you gave it typically in the 10-Q and will in the 10-K. I'm just wondering what the revenue contribution and gross profit contribution, if you could give it just for parts, that would be very helpful.
Mark C. Pigott: We can. We don't have it right on hand. Can we take it off-line?
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: You bet. And then near term, within that slight decrease that's discussed for Q1 volumes and appreciating the relative share gain that you've had against strengthening in the aftermarket, could you help us understand PACCAR's latitude to increase production? Specifically what I'm looking at is, given the average monthly production in Q4 appears to be about 3% below the average monthly production that you achieved in 2006, and I know there's been a change...
Mark C. Pigott: 2006?
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I'm going back to the peak year.
Mark C. Pigott: That's fun.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes. I'm wondering, can you maintain your current share if the volume goes back to that 2006 level over the next 2 years?
Mark C. Pigott: Now that is an excellent question. And I think that's an important point that PACCAR is and has been for 106 and 107 years focused on being the best quality, productivity, innovation technology. That is our focus. And if we had this conversation 25 years ago, our market share would've been, let's call it, 10% to 12% instead of 28%. And what I think has happened, gradually over time, is that the benefits of excellent productivity and services in terms of the products and services that we offer, more and more customers are saying, "You know, there really is an advantage to purchasing Peterbilt, DAF, PACCAR Parts, PacLease, PACCAR Financial. Whatever it is, there are some advantages in terms of helping me as a customer perform better." So as the market goes up, our goal is to continue to provide those outstanding services and sort of the share takes care of itself. As I say, this is a record share. It's not something that we've said over years and years of conference calls that this is our goal that we want to get. It's happened because our customers said, "We love your products." So if we go back to a 360,000-unit market, which I don't see, maybe you do, we'll produce as much as we can, but the more important criteria is always at the highest quality.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, this is a bit of a longer-term question and it's kind of been out there in discussions in investor circles, could you kind of weigh in on your view as to whether the EU could potentially have a U.S.-style prebuy in front of the Euro 6? I mean, typically the region doesn't really react that way.
Mark C. Pigott: No, that's a good question, obviously something that we spent a bunch of time reviewing. And I think as you've indicated, typically they don't have that much of a prebuy. I would say that sometimes there is vocation-specific prebuys. Well a couple of things are going on. First of all, and I think this will be an advantage for -- certainly for PACCAR, is that you're now getting to a point in 2013 and sort of after that where the engine technology and the emission standards will be very closely aligned. And I think that will be good for almost all manufacturers and certainly for us rather than working to an EPA standard into a Euro standard, so that'll be good. In some countries in Europe offer a, let's call it, environmental incentive to try to persuade customers to purchase earlier because the engine will be more environmentally friendly. Some countries just don't do that. A lot of times, the new environmental regulations come with a cost, and we've talked about that over the last year or 2. And so that sometimes stimulates a prebuy. Typically in North America, it's more of a laissez faire capitalistic approach. There's no incentive. So there is a prebuy because people say, "I don't think I want to pay 8,000, 10,000, 12,000. Euro 6 is going to have an increase of -- you've seen the press, probably EUR 10,000 to EUR 15,000 and so that might -- it might have some people saying, "I'll do a bit of a prebuy." But right now, very few countries -- I think Switzerland, but very few countries have weighed in saying, "Here's an incentive to get a Euro 6 early." So I probably won't expect too much going in Europe. And by the way, it's January 1, 2014 is the new date for the mission change in Europe. So you're still 2 years away.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Tiss from Buckingham Research.
Joel G. Tiss - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: I want to ask a really bad question because all the good questions aren't really getting answered.
Mark C. Pigott: Joel, we're counting on you.
Joel G. Tiss - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: All right. Well at least, I got to be consistent. Can you give us what the geographic mix of the Other segment is, a little more color on that?
Mark C. Pigott: For Other, as in Australia and countries around the world? Is that really what you're asking?
Joel G. Tiss - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Yes, and even if you want to do sort of fuss it up so we don't really get any information to like Asia, Latin America, rest of the world or whatever you may do.
Michael T. Barkley: Sure. You could primarily see the Mexico, Australia and the Andean region of South America, which would be countries like Colombia, Ecuador and so forth.
Joel G. Tiss - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: So would Latin America be more than half of it?
Michael T. Barkley: No, I don't think it would be more than half of it, but it would be 1/3 of it maybe.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, yes. So -- and we -- as I mentioned, that includes Mexico and Australia where -- we've been there for 50 years, a long time. We are seeing some good growth in the Andean region, particularly in Colombia, where we have about 50% market share. That's going very, very well. We've added a distribution center in Santiago, Chile. So that market is growing. And typically, those products are -- a lot of them are made in our Mexican factory. And then out of Australia, you might sell some -- well, we sell some to New Zealand. We sell some to, say, Papua New Guinea. We don't really -- so those would be the primary markets in Other.
Joel G. Tiss - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And then what about the goal for 3 to 5 years? Where do you think your global mix, and now you can include the U.S. and Europe?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I think the biggest investment going on right now is obviously in Brazil. And we've indicated openly that we want to initially get to 10% share. And if you've got a market of 125,000 units for Brazil, that's 12,500 trucks right there. And we'd like to grow it further, but it's early days for us. We're just starting to put our dealer network in position. We're just literally beginning the preliminary construction of the factory. So that will take time, but that will be a good-size market. Then there's sort of the large market of China, which we are continuing to add people to and we're selling engines and we're selling trucks primarily into the vocational natural resource segment. That's still the biggest market in the world this year, probably about 800,000 units, which is pretty large. It's lower than 1.1 million, but it's still an excellent market. And I think the challenge there and kind of what's interesting is how the commercial truck industry will respond to a market that's down 10% to 15%. Will there be consolidation? The government owns all the truck makers. Is it going to be a natural consolidation, or will it be government-directed? There's still no profit being generated in the commercial vehicle manufacturing segment. So it's a -- if you pick the wrong partner and the government decides that partner should be consolidated, you might have picked the wrong one. So it'll be interesting to see what happens over the next 3 to 5 years in China.
Joel G. Tiss - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And last one, how much do you expect to spend on your global expansion initiatives in 2012 roughly?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, probably less than $50 million. And a big chunk of that will be building a factory in Brazil.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Volkmann from Jefferies & Company.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Most are asked and answered, so let me just -- a couple of details. We had talked in some previous quarters about some issues with your supply chain kind of struggling to keep up. Can you just update us on that?
Mark C. Pigott: Sure. That's a good question, Steve. I would say that most of the suppliers have responded in a positive fashion. They've seen -- I'm talking particularly in North America right now, but they've seen pretty steady orders and demand from us and other OEMs. In fact, obviously increasing. So they've been able to feel a little more confident about hiring people back, maybe taking on a second shift, investing in some capacity, whatever their particular need is. And I'm just feeling a little bit better as they go into '12 with the, let's call it the U.S. economy or GDP growing at, let's call it 2% plus. Even the car business is now starting to bounce back a little bit. I think suppliers are positive, and so I think the challenge is probably last summer and early fall where many suppliers were just still not convinced that this market was going to continue. They've now probably mostly come to the realization that market looks to be pretty good.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So in other words, they're kind of catching up and delivering on time and on schedule?
Mark C. Pigott: That is correct.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Excellent. So second question is maybe a little longer. I know you've seen 1 or 2 cycles under your belt and...
Mark C. Pigott: In the last 5 years.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Exactly. And it seems like you have some pretty positive outlook on sort of the fundamentals here but predictably, some investors are starting to question whether 2012 or '13 could be the peak of the current cycle. And I just wondered if you might have a view on the longevity potential here.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I think these cycles tend to run in about sort of 5-year intervals. I think there was an earlier question about some leverage and how we're doing. I mean, I think to generate over $1 billion in net income our fourth best year in a market that is about half of the record levels is really a remarkable result. I think we've got definitely some ways to run. There's a lot of segments of the economy that are still at the pretty low levels. We talked about housing is at, what, 50 year lows. That's a big driver for so many industries, and a lot of those industries are dependent on trucks. Cars production, which is another big driver for a lot of industries and you're talking rubber, electronics, steel, aluminum, glass, et cetera. They hit a high of $17 million and then dropped down about $10 million and now they're thinking about $13 million. So they're, let's call it, 3 quarters of the way back to record levels. So I think in some of these things, there's a little more confidence and we get some positive, pro-business, government outlook that the whole economy in North America could be pretty good for a number of years. But it's a cyclical business. Not every top of the cycle will be a record. I know it's nice to have that in the economist's world but unfortunately in the real world, it's just not that way. But replacement demand, which we have not seen for 5 years, we're certainly hoping to get to it this year. Let's call it 225,000 units. But when you get the economy operating positively in all cylinders, it would be very exciting for the truck industry. We're ready for it. Our factories are the most efficient and productive they've ever been. Our dealers are the strongest. We've got more new products. We're in more segments than ever before. So we're looking forward to it.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Sounds good. And I guess if that were to happen in the past, you've gotten very, very close to about a 15% gross margin. Is there any reason not to think that could happen again?
Mark C. Pigott: I think we would -- we're basically at 13% right now and the market's half what it was, so absolutely.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook from Crédit Suisse.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Two quick questions. One, longer term, Mark, can you just elaborate on your strategy to build out the distribution network in Brazil with regards to your DAF dealers and the potential investment required? And then just a shorter-term question, just to reconfirm, so basically in response to Jerry's question, you're saying incremental margins and gross margins could be flat to down for the full year relative to 2011. I just want to make sure I heard you correctly.
Mark C. Pigott: That -- yes, I'll take the second one first. That is correct, depending on what's going on in Europe, Jamie.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. All right. And then just -- sorry, second longer-term question?
Mark C. Pigott: Okay. Yes, on the Brazil distribution, that's an exciting process, kind of spring boarding off an earlier answer. One of the real advantages that we bring and is sort of reiterated by many of our dealers is that with an independent dealer network, there's a lot more profit potential for an entrepreneur to be a dealer of ours versus our competitors. And I think you can see that not just in our industry, but just any industry. So we have obviously -- have the groundbreaking. You've got the press release. We're investing the money, we bought the land and for the last year or so, I've been working very avidly on getting the distribution framework in place. We now have the framework, and we're getting excellent response and that is -- there are every state from Amazonia down to the south of Brazil has trucks. We want to cover every state from early days of production, which is mid-2013. We've laid out the criteria in terms of what we're looking for and to have a dealership, it's a $5 million type of investment because you need a number of acres of land. You need a facility, you've got to hire the people. But in exchange for that, you've got a good, wide geographic territory that you will control. We bring in what we consider some great products and services, distribution centers, financing the parts back up. And we're getting a great response from some competitor dealers who are finding they have very limited opportunity to generate profit, from industrial dealers who are used to equipment sales, from agricultural dealers who obviously are used to tractors, trailers and construction and ag equipment. So it's a wide range. And even some automotive dealers who may be in the heavier range of the automotive sector. What's interesting, and you probably appreciate this, Jamie, I know you've traveled a lot, is that a number of these dealers have come -- potential dealers have come to North America and come to Europe and talked to our existing dealers and saying, "What's really going on?" And they've come to our factories to see the quality and the innovation we put in, and the response has been very, very positive. And they then go back to Brazil and sort of spread the word that, "Wow, I've talked with a Kenworth, a Peterbilt, a DAF dealer. Yes there's an investment required, but the profitability over the medium and long term is excellent." So it's exciting.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Uhlman from Cleveland Research.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Just a couple of cleanup questions here. I guess first in Europe, could you speak to what dealer inventory levels look like and what the company's own truck inventory levels look like today?
Mark C. Pigott: Sure. In terms of our own inventory, we basically don't have any inventory. We build to demand so that is not -- so there's nothing really much to talk about there. Dealer inventory is still in very good shape. And we've adjusted our build rates, our production rates, as you know. But the dealers are moving the inventory through their pipeline in a very normal process. The customers have got very good access to credit. There's still a lot of freight being hauled. So the people ordering trucks want those trucks and are putting them into service in a very normal fashion.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. And do you believe your competitors' dealer inventory levels are also in good condition?
Mark C. Pigott: I don't really know. I drive by many of my competitors, and sometimes they seem to have a lot of inventory. But I don't think that's a very scientific approach, but we focus on what our dealers are doing.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. And then what were the past dues for the quarter? And then also, was there any impact from currency to sales or earnings?
Mark C. Pigott: Okay. On the past dues, we were at 1.5% and currency, let me turn that over to Michael.
Michael T. Barkley: Yes, the currency impacts were pretty small. There was $8 million for the quarter on revenues and about $500,000 for pretax income.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Mark, just going back to your last answer to the last question, the credit availability in Europe, is that in the industry? Is it available across the industry, or is PACCAR just becoming more aggressive with their own portfolio?
Mark C. Pigott: Well first of all, I think I would say that we probably have the best portfolio of anybody in the industry. So aggressive is not typically a term that I would apply to our portfolio. In fact, I'd say very conservative. And that's why we've generated very low past dues. So I think the credit is pretty much available. When we go to shows at industry, whether we're selling people our trucks or they're buying a competitors', credit is out there. It's available, yes.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just kind of going back to Europe, when you tempered your outlook for Europe for next year, I mean, can you just talk about what you saw through the cadence through the fourth quarter and maybe what you've seen here in January and kind of when you decided to make a change to your outlook?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I think we adjusted our production rate in November. So we were seeing that going into October because it takes a while to adjust the production rates. And I think we've seen that gradual slowing of orders through the end of the year. Obviously, the end of the year, particularly with all the conflicting news coming out about the economic, political activities in Europe, it's very -- there's a lot going on. And now that we're essentially through January, I think we're seeing that more stabilize, but at a lower level. And that's why we've made this adjustment to our production rate. As Scania has, I understand that people like Mercedes and others, they were shut down for close to a month which we haven't done that approach. But it's a whole industry just trying to work through what the ongoing demand. And so in terms of the range of $2.10 to $2.40, that's why we start out the year with a broader range because there's just so much going on. I'd love to see how it shakes out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Rayle from Northcoast Research.
Brian Michael Rayle - Northcoast Research: Most of my questions have been answered. On the financing side, great, great quarter in terms of profitability. Was there anything that we should think about from loans issued, say, 2, 3, 4 years ago in terms of tightening the standards, or is it just truly the better profitability of your customers?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well I think primarily, it's the better profitability of our customers. Their cash flow has improved. It's strong. And so they're able to make their truck payments, and we continue to refine our credit underwriting from -- continually, just like we're doing in our factories. There's always room to improve. We're continually refining our credit underwriting standards, and so we're pleased with our performance portfolio position and where it will progress as we go forward.
Mark C. Pigott: I think I'd just add onto that. I think Ron summed it up very well. We've also continued to invest and strive to be a leader on the technology side of the finance so that we are able to analyze the credit worthiness of our customers, give that to them in a very timely fashion, allow them to access their own accounts electronically, make the payments, look at the scheduling over the next 1, 2, 3 years, how that affects their particular business. So you're actually bringing a valuable add-on benefit. It's not just about who has a rate, but it's who has a service that allows the customers. They could be hauling wheat, they could be hauling electronics. They're all different cycles, and who has a program such as PACCAR Financial or PacLease in a slightly different way that works with the customers' needs. So I think our information technology group, I want to give them a plug right now, PACCAR's #1 Information Technology Company in the country, according to the InformationWeek magazine. I think that's been a real benefit throughout our company.
Brian Michael Rayle - Northcoast Research: Yes, absolutely. Have you seen any difference between the sort of purchaser versus the lease customer, or they have both trended up at the same rate?
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think they both are doing well. I mean I think that, again, the whole freight environment, there's plenty of freight. The rates are good. And so we've seen all of our customers have better cash flow performance in their businesses as we came out of the recession.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Nolan from Deutsche Bank.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I just had a couple of quick follow-ups on the Financial Services business. For the full year this year, can you tell us, either for full year or the fourth quarter, what your provisioning versus charge-offs were?
Mark C. Pigott: For most part, our charge-offs are probably comparable to our level of provision. We've seen some provision benefits as our past dues have come out, but our portfolio is growing as well. So all those things sort of worked to offset each other.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So when you look at it on a full year basis this year, there's no reason to think that there's any anomaly as far as low provisioning as you reduce your allowance that wouldn't reoccur next year?
Mark C. Pigott: No, no, I don't think so at all.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And just one other thing I noticed. I noticed the Financial Services assets stepped up pretty substantially from Q3 to Q4, even more so than you saw your revenue increase in the truck side of the business. Was there a big tick up in your share of your sales that were running through PACCAR Finance?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes, for the year, we ended the year at 31% finance market share compared to 28% last year, so in a good quarter. A lot of customers in servicing units lease units in the fourth quarter because of the tax benefits that are available to those customers. So we had the benefits in our retail lease portfolio, and so it was a good quarter for the finance company.
Mark C. Pigott: I think another point, Patrick, on that is you've been covering the market for a while and you sort of got that ebb and flow in cyclicality of the business that PACCAR Financial and PacLease, we're there every day for the customer. And a few years ago, when we had the calls, some of the focus from the analysts were who's the part of the industry. And there were some fairly big names, some names that only have 1 or 2 letters in their names. They departed the industry and customers, they don't forget that. So I think some of that shared improvement as people have been saying, "You know what, PACCAR or maybe it was Mr. Kenworth or Peterbilt or DAF, you were there for me during the tough times. Things are improving. I want to continue and even grow that business with you." And that -- once again, I think that's a real strength of PACCAR, something that we don't probably get enough play on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Kauffman from Sterne Agee.
Salvatore Vitale - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: This as Sal Vitale on for Jeff. Just a quick question. With financing becoming more available, are you seeing more activity in the owner operating market?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, the owner-operator market is a little bit of a misnomer nowadays. And maybe this will be the last quarter that we really talk about it. There are still some entrepreneurs, some companies that will have a handful of trucks. But that's probably 10% of the total market and typically they have aligned themselves with either an end customer or a major freight company because there's just a lot of benefit whether it's cheaper fuel, insurance, healthcare, the availability of freight to haul. So I think we continue to supply everybody that wants our products but it's more and more -- it's called the small, medium and large trucking companies.
Salvatore Vitale - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then just a follow-up question on your pricing comment earlier. I think you said that you're seeing some good pricing in North America in the fourth quarter. Is that like low single-digit, mid single-digit? Can you provide any additional clarity on that? And then additionally, is that pure price that you're referring to or are there additional components? Is it price per truck going up? Is it pure or is it just additional componentry?
Mark C. Pigott: Good question. I think we're seeing some of the pricing going up and some of that's being driven by the continued strong used truck market. We're now rebounded on used trucks to a level that we saw a number of years ago. So as the used truck values go up, more and more truck companies, operators are saying, "You know, it may be a good time to trade in. A new truck isn't that much more expensive." I mean, it's still -- there's still an increment but with the new truck, I can get better fuel economy, lower operating costs, I don't have to do as much maintenance on it, et cetera, et cetera. So that tends to push up the actual price of the new truck. I don't think that componentry -- we've already kind of worked the componentry in, particularly the after treatment and new emissions. I mean that's -- and we've talked about that for a long time, so let's move off of that. Now it's just people saying, "Hey, I'd like to get a new truck because there are benefits to it." So I think it's -- I don't know what you mean by pure, but the margins we're getting are because people are willing to pay a little higher price for a new truck.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer from Vertical Research Partners.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Two quick questions. One was on just the improved pricing you just -- actually on 2 topics you just touched on, price and mix. On pricing, is it better realization on past increases? Is it mixed between the larger fleets and the medium fleets, or is it a new price increase? And can you mention the last time you took a new actually list increase?
Mark C. Pigott: We typically have a list increase twice a year. Whether all of that list increase generates or translates into more dollars, it depends on the market. But we're always working with our major suppliers who, some of them you carry who seem to like to increase their prices. So we increased our pricing. The more vehicles you buy, it's kind of like anything. If you buy more, you're going to be looking for some better price. And that's very true of the industry in which we compete every day. So typically, if you're buying a couple hundred, pricing will be one element. If you're buying 5 trucks, the pricing is something else. But what we want to make sure is that every customer gets the best product in the industry and delivers them the benefits they need.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Okay. And I guess just to be clear then, you probably did see some improved price realization on past increases in 4Q and would probably presumably roll on another list price increase in 1Q?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, that is correct.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Okay, perfect. And then just more broadly on industry mix, I'm curious and I understand quite well the owner-operator just being sort of a marginal part of the fleet at this point. There's still this large and medium, or medium and medium-large fleet. Have you seen any shift where the more medium-sized people are starting to come in and especially in the quoting and backlog activity?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, I don't see more. I think it's been pretty consistent over the last year. And we do track, as everybody else tracks of what's the size of the customers, but you can also break it down by segment. We mentioned earlier the oil and gas boom, and you're seeing that in a lot of different areas of North America, whether it's Alberta or North Dakota or Texas or Pennsylvania. I mean there's -- it's sort of been a bit of our resurgence going on, which has been great for a lot of our customers. And some of those are small customers, some of those are larger customers. But I think that our people want the product, they see the advantage of the product and there's just a little more confidence in the general population now as the general economy is improving that they're willing to pay a little bit more because they feel that they can charge their end customers a little bit more. So it's sort of a pass-through along the logistics chain.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Denoyer from Wolfe Research.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Quick question on the -- I wanted to follow up on the MX market to your question. In the U.S. and Canada, I think you had said something like, was it 25% to 30%?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, that is correct.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. I've seen some data that looks more like 21% for the year for North America, or are you just looking at...
Mark C. Pigott: That's what we delivered, but we've got obviously lots of engines we're building for customers, so yes.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. And did you specify a target for 2012?
Mark C. Pigott: No, no. We're continuing to invest, and we look forward to that growing over time.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. And then a different question on your comments in the press release on sourcing more components from Asia. Can you give us any sense of maybe what percentage of your material spend is coming from Asia at this point and how that's been changing and what types of components?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, that's a great question. We have increased our purchases, but of course we've also increased -- and from Asia, we also increased our purchases from other parts of the country or other parts of the world as the general markets have improved over the last few years. So I think in dollar terms, we're buying more from Asia. In percent terms, it's probably hasn't changed all that much. But certainly in dollar terms, it has.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. And then one last one on the natural gas -- the oil and gas segment in general, can you give us a rough sense of what percentage of your U.S. and Canada deliveries were to that segment of the market this year and what that has been historically?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes. It's just a few percent of our total production. I mean, let's call it 1% to 2%.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. 1% to 2% even in 2011, which was a very good year?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, I'd say maybe it's sort of the 1% range, and some months it might actually be lower than that. You're talking about for an LNG, CNG-type of vehicle, right?
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. I was going to ask that as well. I was actually talking about 2 customers like the 2 customers that are doing.
Mark C. Pigott: I don't think I have that number off the top of my head, but that's gone up because they're great companies, Halliburton and Schlumberger and different groups. They are definitely increasing their purchase. I don't have that exact number. LNG, CNG is probably not still less than 1%.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: That actually have a natural gas engine.
Mark C. Pigott: That is correct. I mean it's increased, but it's still a very small number.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: And are those the -- is that the Cummins Westport engine? Is that 9 liter essentially, or is there another engine that you offer?
Mark C. Pigott: I'm not sure on that one. That's -- Westport has carved out a good niche in that marketplace.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. Is there a bigger engine, or is just 9 liter that you offer?
Mark C. Pigott: Well there's a 9 liter -- I have to get back to you on that one.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Regan from Levin Capital.
Michael Regan: Quick question. You guys are one of the few companies that truly understand return of capital to shareholders, either in the form of dividends or timely repurchases of shares, has had a huge impact on your total return to shareholders and obviously...
Mark C. Pigott: We appreciate that, Michael. Thank you very much.
Michael Regan: Well, I the question that comes out of that, Mark, is that despite a stepped-up dividend and being more aggressive with the share repurchase, net cash on the balance sheet ended at its highest level perhaps ever in PACCAR's history. And even looking at it as a percent of the total market capital of the company, the highest in 5 years and I'm wondering is there a message in building so much net cash on the balance sheet in terms of concern about where the economy is? Or why, despite again nice moves on the dividends, I actually thought it could have much higher given your cash and the buyback with the shares trading where they are, why not even more aggressive? Why is cash continuing to build by another 22% this year?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, we've got a lot of opportunities but first of all, let me take it on the positive side with the special dividend, with the increase in the quarterly dividend with the repurchases. We believe and many, many shareholders are giving us very positive feedback to keep doing what we're doing. It is a cyclical business. We're not trying to send any message, but we do understand the business very, very well. And you've just seen in Europe within a matter of 3 months a 20% decline. There aren't a whole lot of industries that see moves that quickly to that magnitude. We got some great opportunities. We're going to be investing several hundred million or more down in Brazil. We're still investigating opportunities in Asia. We got a lot of new products. Like many others, we continue to work on. And we want to make sure that we're typically at about 45% to 55% payout rate to our shareholders of our net income. And it seems to be well received by the vast majority of our shareholders, so we keep working it. But I appreciate your points.
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Robin Easton: I'd like to thank everyone for their excellent questions and thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-25 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Robin Easton - CFO Michael T. Barkley - Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President and Controller Mark C. Pigott - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Ben Elias - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Joseph D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Andrew Obin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Joel G. Tiss - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Brian Michael Rayle - Northcoast Research Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded. And if anyone has an objection, you should disconnect at this time.  I would now like to introduce Mr. Robin Easton, PACCAR's Treasurer. Mr. Easton, please go ahead.
Robin Easton: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Robin Easton, Treasurer of PACCAR, and joining me this morning are Mark Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ron Armstrong, President; and Michael Barkley, Vice President, Controller. As with prior conference calls, if there are members of the media participating, we request that they participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results.  I would now like to introduce Mark Pigott.
Mark C. Pigott: Good morning. PACCAR reported record quarterly revenues and strong net income for the third quarter of 2011. PACCAR's third quarter sales and financial services revenue were $4.26 billion compared to $2.54 billion in the third quarter of 2010, a 68% increase.  Quarterly net income increased to $282 million, more than double the $120 million earned a year ago and our best quarterly profit since the third quarter of 2008. The lower tax rate in the third quarter reflects the benefits of the recently enacted research and innovation tax incentives in the Netherlands. I'm very proud of our 23,000 employees who have delivered industry-leading products and services to our customers worldwide.  Increased truck deliveries, higher aftermarket sales and a growing financial services business worldwide contributed to PACCAR's increased profits. Our customers in North America are benefiting from increased freight tonnage and higher freight rates, which is generating good profitability for their companies and enabling them to replace their aging fleets.  Through the first 9 months of this year, Peterbilt and Kenworth have achieved a record Class 8 market share of 27.7%. The performance of our suppliers improved significantly in the third quarter as they invested in production capacity to meet increased market demand. Turning to Europe. Economic uncertainties in recent months in the Eurozone have resulted in lower industry truck orders. You may have read, I'm sure you have, that a number of our competitors have taken actions to reduce their build rates. DAF is taking similar action and will reduce build rates 5% to 10% in December. The good news is that Europe's 2011 industry registrations are up 30% compared to last year, and DAF has achieved a year-to-date 15.2% share of the above 15-tonne market.  All of PACCAR's factory production worldwide slots are full for the year. PACCAR delivered over 35,000 trucks during the third quarter, 82% more than the same period last year. I'm really proud of our production, engineering and material purchasing teams.  We've improved market pricing and productivity, which has generated higher quarterly truck gross margins of 8.4% in the third quarter compared to 5.4% a year ago, and we've also improved return on revenue percentages. Looking ahead, PACCAR estimates delivering approximately 5% to 10% more trucks in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter. As we discussed in our July call, U.S. and Canadian industry retail truck sales are estimated to improve this year to a range of 185,000 to 200,000 units versus 126,000 last year. Industry retail truck sales for the U.S. and Canada for 2012 are estimated at 205,000 to 230,000 units, assuming ongoing replacement of the aging truck fleet and some economic growth. We estimate that Europe's greater than 15-tonne truck market will be between 235,000 and 245,000 units this year versus 183,000 last year. It's anticipated that the European industry truck sales in 2012 will be in the range of 225,000 to 250,000 units. As we highlighted in our press release, PACCAR continues to make significant investments to expand our geographical footprint and build on our technology and production efficiency leadership. PACCAR's innovative application of information technology earned the company the #1 technology position in InformationWeek magazine's 2011 Top 500 company listing. Leyland was also awarded the prestigious Shingo Bronze Medallion, which recognizes world-class organizations for creating a culture of continuous improvement. It really sums up PACCAR's approach to our business.  PACCAR's global business initiatives are progressing well. We expect to begin construction on the new DAF assembly facility in Ponta Grossa, Brazil in the next month or so and plan on building trucks in Brazil in 2013. This is an exciting week. DAF is participating in Brazil's largest commercial vehicle show in Sao Paulo, and we're exhibiting a full line of DAF products and services. That show's going on right now. Speaking of South America, PACCAR will deliver record truck sales this year in the Andean region of South America, with its Kenworth and DAF brands.  Moving around the world. PACCAR's pleased to announce it has established a new technical center in Pune, India. This center will focus on engineering, information technology and component sourcing for production and aftermarket operations. PACCAR's partner, KPIT, is a leader in providing world-class information technology and product development, particularly in the Automotive segment. China continues to be the largest truck market in the world. However, industry heavy truck sales this year are expected to be down 15% to 20% from last year's record levels due to lower government incentives. PACCAR expanded its Shanghai office this year to increase component purchases, and we continue to evaluate potential joint venture opportunities. Switching to our finance business. PACCAR Financial Services revenues were $264 million in the third quarter compared to $238 million a year ago. PACCAR Financial's third quarter pretax income improved to $62 million compared to $42 million earned last year. This was due to better finance margins and a reduction in the provision for credit losses. The credit loss provision for the third quarter of 2011 was $10.7 million compared to $12.9 million a year ago. And past dues fell to 2.1%.  Overall, the third quarter results were excellent with several new records achieved. The company plans to continue to make significant investments in 2012. Capital spending is estimated to be $450 million to $550 million with research and development at $275 million to $325 million. PACCAR is well positioned to deliver the highest quality products and services to our customers through all phases of the business cycle.  Thank you. Look forward to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Andy Kaplowitz of Barclays Capital.
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Mark, so I recognize there's economic uncertainty globally, but if I look at the North American market, it's been constrained to somewhat by suppliers in 2011. You gave us a 2012 forecast. Do you think maybe you have above-average visibility or at least good visibility into that forecast given we still have this replacement demand and we haven't been able to make as many trucks this year as we wanted?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I think the industry estimates that replacement demand is approximately 225,000 units a year. And you're right. For the last 3 or 4 years, we certainly have not been at that level. You know, talking to a lot of the customers at the recent ATA meetings that's held in the last week, I think there's a good balance between the number of trucks and the freight they can provide and the demand for freight. And as a result, you're seeing improvement in freight rates, and also freight utilization, as measured within the company's own fleets. So that's good for our customers. They're making good money. It's kind of up-and-down decade for many of them. But those that have survived are well positioned. They're, for the most part, continuing on a steady program of replacing their trucks, and we kind of missed a cycle in the, let's call it, 8, 9 and 10. So they're going to lower the average age of the trucks in their fleet. I think only a few of them are really talking about expanding their fleets. And some may buy out a competitor. So until there's more fleets looking to the expand, which means more GDP growth, which, as you know as well as I do, has been pretty limited in the United States anyway, I think the forecast we have shows some improvement, which is good, but still trying to get to that replacement level.
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's fair, Mark. And then just shifting gears, how much unusual inefficiency you think -- unusual inefficiency you think is still being created in your business? As you said, 5% to 10% growth in production this quarter over last quarter. As you train your people, you add more people, when do you see that maybe stabilizing a bit so that, that can help margins going forward?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, the good thing about PACCAR employees, and that's all I can really comment on, is that we have well over 80%, 90% of our employees who, unfortunately, they did had to be let go during the difficult times, come back. They love working at PACCAR, and we love having them there. So the training, although there certainly is training anytime you bring an employee in, I don't think, has really been that much of a factor in our ramp-up. Obviously, it does take time and you've seen production increase significantly over the last year or 2. So I think we're in good shape. People are making great quality products. The suppliers situation has improved quite a bit. A lot of that is because we're out working with suppliers. We're continuing to invest in some of their machinery. We're training them in Six Sigma and 5S. We're helping them on the material analysis, which benefits the whole industry, by the way. So I think we continue to be efficient, and our goal is to improve efficiency 5% to 7% every year. And typically, we achieve that. So I think we're in pretty good shape in terms of production efficiency.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan of JPMorgan.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Mark, could you talk a little bit about Europe and what you're seeing over there? It's the question that gets asked over and over again, the lack or the potential for the lack of financing. Are you finding that your financial services business has to step up a little bit more? Or have you seen any change in the kind of deals? More leasing rather than buying? Could you just talk us through what you're seeing from that perspective in Europe?
Mark C. Pigott: Sure. A couple of points on the PACCAR financing. We're seeing good interest. Many of the markets we're in are actually achieving record levels of financing percent in terms of the people that use our financing versus another source. So that's good news. We continued to add people to our financing teams. In terms of leasing, and I'll talk about leasing as we might note in North America, our PacLease organization is as strong in Germany and continues to add dealers and service points. So we're very pleased with that and looking at how we can grow that over time. I think generally, the financing aspect has not been -- it's been good for our customers, whether they finance with us or through an independent source. We don't see that as too much of an issue.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So you're not seeing any fall-down in potential sales because customers cannot get access to financing?
Mark C. Pigott: No, we're not seeing that. I'm not sure what the competitors are seeing. But we get a lot of great customers, obviously, and most of them, hopefully, qualify for using PACCAR Financial, and as you know, our finance company is in very strong position, so sounds like an opportunity for PACCAR.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Well, yes, and it wasn't really a competitor saying it. It's just given the financial difficulty, the banks have or may have going forward and your financing may be more difficult to come by across many industries. And I think people were just looking at it.
Mark C. Pigott: I think you're probably right. Obviously, we all read the headlines. And of course, we're there every day, living it. And certainly, banks are working through different challenges. But as far as the truck industry specifically, seems to be in good position.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And sticking with the European theme, could you talk a little bit about -- and I know that the range you gave for next year is probably pretty broad at this point in terms of by country, but could you talk a little bit at least about Western Europe versus Eastern Europe or DAF more bullish on 1 or the other? Or just a little bit of what the DAF team is seeing over there just by region or by country would be great.
Mark C. Pigott: Sure. And I would say -- let me just say, on a macrolevel, because we have a team that's been in place for a long time, measured in decades many times, I find that our forecasts are typically closer to reality than maybe some others. So I know you guys sometimes think we're a little conservative. But usually, as time goes on, we seem to be pretty much in line. So looking at the market, certainly there's been discussion about, let's call it, Central Europe perhaps being a little bit weaker. We do very well there. DAF is a market share leader in Poland and the Czech Republic and Hungary. Those -- the customers there really enjoy the product. I think those general economies might be a little bit more challenged than Western Europe. Certainly, there's been a lot of discussion about North, South, and the southern countries in Europe, and I don't think we need to talk too much more about it. It's in the press every day. The good news for us is that we're gaining some share in the South, and retaining or growing our share in the North. And I'll just say in terms of DAF's approach to Europe, we're either #1 or #2 in every country in Western or Central Europe, with the exception of Germany. We're #3, behind 2 local manufacturers. So DAF's in good position. It really sees all of Europe. There's a lot of uncertainty out there, certainly as we and others have adjusted build rates. We're just not sure, I'm not sure anybody on this call, I'm not sure who knows what's going to happen. But we obviously track it as closely as anybody. And the customers, we're seeing a little bit of improvement in amount, which tracks German mileage on their highway systems. So that's good. We're seeing good financial services reports. The customers we have are in good shape. So it's just the overall macroeconomics are very unsettled, and obviously, that is having impact for customers saying, "Should I buy? When should I buy? How much should I buy?" And I think that's going to take a while to work our way through. And it's much more than just the trucking industry.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, that's for sure. And it was good color. I appreciate it. Just a real quick follow-up just on your comments about build rates being up 5% to 10% in Q4 versus Q3. I just wanted to clarify that, that was both U.S., Canada, as well as Europe, that it was [indiscernible].
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, that's correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Uhlman of Cleveland Research.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Mark, could you expand a little bit on what's happening down in Brazil as we get ready to build a new plant down there? Maybe talk a little bit about signing up new dealers to handle the product?
Mark C. Pigott: Sure. Well, as I mentioned just in the prepared comments, the largest truck show in South America is going on right now at Sao Paulo, and we've got a wonderful stand. So that's putting, let's call it, a face with a name since we made the announcement in the last month or 2 about building a factory in the state of Paraná. And now we've got our products there. And we have our senior leadership team there. And we have a number of the sales team there. So we got a lot of customers and potential candidates for our dealer groups who are now coming by and meeting with our teams. I think one of the real strengths of PACCAR and one that probably doesn't get talked about enough is our dealer network, our independent dealer network. And many of our competitors have different approaches to their dealer network, and I'll let them talk about that. But what we do is we try to partner with the strongest groups in each region and allow them to do well financially and invest in their business and really provide wonderful support for our customers. So as we go into Brazil, the reputation of our Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF dealers around the world, and we have 1,900 service points, is outstanding. So what we found very pleasantly is that there's a number of groups, whether they're in the Automotive sector, whether they're in the truck sector, whether they're in the agricultural or industrial machinery sectors, we're saying, "Wow, how do we get involved with PACCAR, and specifically DAF, in Brazil because we know that we're going to get the greatest technology, we'll be able to make a good return on our investment, and we're going to deal with a company that's been around for a long time?" So we are actively sitting down and working with different groups, and we'll start announcing, let's call it, dealer partnerships probably next year, obviously. But this truck show has had a wonderful time. And there's a lot of excitement about 'how do I get to sell DAF trucks? Because if I do, I know I'm going to have a very good business.' So it's exciting for us.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. Got it. And then an unrelated question, but with the Europe builds in the fourth quarter just coming down a little bit and North America coming up a little bit, how should we think about the margin trends in the fourth quarter relative to what we saw in the third quarter with that mix shift?
Mark C. Pigott: Great question. I think the margins will be in line with third quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Mark, can you update us on how you're thinking about capital deployment? Has stock buyback moved up higher on your list? And on the joint venture side, are there any other areas that are in the works? Just directionally, can you give us an update broadly?
Mark C. Pigott: Sure. Well, I think we always have a balanced approach to capital deployment. Certainly in the last several months, there seems to be an opportunity on the share buyback, which we have taken advantage of. And we still have some opportunity to do additional buyback, and then the other buyback is obviously at a Board level. So we've done that. And Of course, PACCAR's balance sheet is in excellent position. We also generate good cash flow. Joint ventures, I think we were just talking about that. We had our Investor Conference with many of you a year or so ago, and I think it was a good one out here in Bellevue. And I know a lot of you wanted to become professional truck drivers after our tour in the technical center. But all the areas that we discussed in detail for you, we've actually accomplished or in the process of accomplishing in the succeeding 12 months. So India, we're pleased with direction that's taking. Obviously, China, we continued to do some sourcing from China on quality products. We know all the Chinese truck manufacturers. They know us. So we continue to evaluate opportunities. We're moving ahead in a strong way in Brazil. We're having record share in Europe, record share in North America, record number of trucks sold in, let's call it, the western half of South America. So we're in a good position to continue to work on a variety of fronts, and stock buyback, investment in our existing factory, growing our engine business, building a new factory in Brazil. I think it's all -- it's pretty balanced right now. And it continues to be.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And Mark, can you talk about your vision for the TATRA business specifically? Did you anticipate at some point owning a bigger piece of the company? I guess what's the extent of the opportunity here?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, full points to you for asking that question. TATRA, of course, we've known TATRA for a long time. They've been around, well, for over a century. And right now, our focus with TATRA, and I just came back from Europe recently and drove an 8x8 TATRA through our most rigorous off-road course and it handles beautifully, is really to sell that product through our DAF dealer network in addition to TATRA's own network. And I think you've seen a picture. There's been a couple of articles in the commercial truck press. I know there's a good one in Commercial Motor magazine in the U.K. in the last couple of weeks. So that's going to be the focus. Initially, we'll be in Europe. And it's an adjunct product. This is not a mainstream product. It's focused off highway. But there's good demand for it. And then over time, we'll take a look at other opportunities to use that product around the world. Initial focus is certainly in Europe.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And lastly, Mark, can you comment on whether you're seeing pricing discipline in Europe holding up? It's great to see the uniform production kind of announcements. Are you optimistic that industry will be disciplined? Or do you see any risk based on, I guess, recent market data points?
Mark C. Pigott: That is what makes our industry so exciting. We certainly have a approach to pricing that is consistent decade in, decade out. You all know that. What our competitors do sort of depends on who's at the helm of the ship with our competitors. It's a great question. I think the answer is each company has its own approach to the marketplace. And we're going to continue to provide outstanding quality service and great products for our customers and our dealers. And we certainly hope that our competitors do the same. But we'll have to see how that shapes out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of J. B. Groh of D.A. Davidson.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Could you give us an update on your North American engine penetration and maybe some updates on the engine business?
Mark C. Pigott: Sure. It continues to do very well. And I know a number of you, I'm not sure, J.B., if you were in the group, went down and toured our Mississippi factory. Robin has taken a number of people there, and we'll continue to do that on a regular basis. If you haven't, we invite you to go around that factory. I think you'll be impressed by the technology and efficiency that we have there. The PACCAR engine continued to perform well, as we expect it will for a long, long time. It's 25% to 30% share of our Kenworth and Peterbilt product. So that's good, and it's certainly in line with what we expect. We're also having a lot of success with the PACCAR engine around the world. You may have noted, we won in China for the fifth year in a row the Bus Engine of the Year award. And of course, in Europe, it's just a normal part of doing business. I think over time, even though there's a lot of excitement and a lot of discussion now, I think the engine business will just be part of what we do in our business. And probably won't -- it would just be like when you buy a car. Whatever you -- when you put the hood up, the name of the car is probably on the engine also. So I think it's going well. We continue to invest with more machining lines being installed currently, adding people. And it's going well. Good question.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Should I read into that, your goal for penetration is 100%?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, that's probably a goal we have for many things. I think what you should read into it, that we're pleased with the steady process we're making. We've been in the engine business for 50 years or longer, and we certainly will be in it for a long, long time. So it will just be part of what we do. And it is part of what we do.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Good. Looks like that increased. I see. Did you guys -- I may have missed this, did you give currency impacts for revenue and...
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, just a sec.
Michael T. Barkley: We have the benefit from currencies on revenues for the quarter. It was $159 million. And pretax income was about $8 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Henry Kirn of UBS.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Could you talk a little bit about price cost as we go through the balance of this year and what you're thinking as far as tailwind and headwind as we enter into the next?
Mark C. Pigott: Sounds like a good question, but help me understand it. Tell me a little bit more about what you're asking.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: In terms of are you expecting raw materials and your component cost to be a tailwind or headwind as we go into next year. And is pricing able to offset any headwinds that you might be seeing on the cost side?
Mark C. Pigott: Okay. Well, the raw materials -- first, if you track the price of a barrel of oil and you try to estimate, I guess there are some people making money on that, but I bet it's not as many as there used to be. Raw materials saw a big increase, and then some of them have fallen off. As we talked earlier about China, reducing their production in the truck side. Car side, I think, is doing pretty well. And India, perhaps slowing down a little bit, still having really great GDP compared to North America and Europe. So there may be a little bit less pressure on some of the raw materials. I think in terms of our pricing versus the cost, I think we're going to try to be a little bit more in line now. We're not seeing quite as much pricing pressure. There's good demand out there for our products. The costs aren't going up as much as they were in the last 6 to 18 months. So I think the balance is probably a little bit better right now.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And Mark, has the pullback in China influenced your thoughts on the time frame for entering that market?
Mark C. Pigott: No, no. I mean, when we say pullback, we're talking about pulling back to 900,000 trucks a year, which I don't expect you to know all the numbers, but it's basically more trucks than the rest of the world combined. And it's a big market. It's a market very similar to what we've seen in, let's call it, North America and Europe a number of decades ago, meaning that there's lots of competitors and there's always discussion about will there be a shakeout or will that be government-led because all of the Chinese truck manufacturers have a ownership structure in which the government is involved. And if there is a shakeout, then who are the winners and who gets consolidated. But no. As far as we're concerned, we know all the players. There's been a lot of investment in the infrastructure in China. We just had our senior team. I was just there about a couple of weeks ago. And we're actually adding to our employee base in Shanghai. We're finding a lot of interest for our products, trucks and engines. And we're waiting to see what makes sense for the right joint venture. And when we decide that, I'm sure we'll let the world know. But right now, we're just evaluating.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: If the right joint venture popped up tomorrow, could you enter China at the same time you entered Brazil, fighting 2 wars at once?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, as you've seen from a number of joint ventures in China on the commercial truck side, there is a time period in terms of the necessary approvals that many levels within the government, and let's say 18 to 24 months is probably a good average for processing a major joint venture.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Casey of Wells Fargo Securities.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A few questions. A lot have been asked and answered. On the supply chain improvement in North America, I'm just wondering how we should view the transition period, meaning is the Q4 production ramp still a little bit constrained?
Mark C. Pigott: No, I don't -- no, I don't think so. I mean, in any manufacturing channel, it doesn't have to be trucks, it could be anything, it can be electronic equipment, there's always an ongoing discussion, whether you're going up and build rate or flat or down with suppliers, because it's part of what you're doing. But no, I think it's pretty much business as usual right now. And as I say we've worked with many of our suppliers, and they've made some investments and we've made some investments and everybody's working hard because it's in everybody's best interest to be able to meet the customers' demand. So I think suppliers in the fourth quarter is just be normal business.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then looking over in Europe, do you think the industry inventory levels today are in good shape, and I'm not talking about PACCAR, I mean just industry, in the event of a production, a more prolonged production decline than what is being talked about in Q4?
Mark C. Pigott: Are you talking about finished inventory or inventory in factories?
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Finished inventory.
Mark C. Pigott: So trucks, built trucks?
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes.
Mark C. Pigott: I would say right now, probably the industry is in pretty good shape. A number of competitors have had a couple-of-week shutdowns to balance inventory. Some of them have more ownership of their distribution network, and we don't. We're focused on independence. So sometimes, what we might consider a finished vehicle is a little hard to tell how they measure it since they own their dealerships. We're in great shape. Our dealers are in excellent shape. I don't think this slowdown is not as severe as it was in '08. We all lived through that. So I think many in the industry is probably in pretty good shape.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Great. And then briefly on the industry credit trends, you talked about decreased provisions and past dues for your credit business. Are you seeing the same sort of trends in Europe, meaning are the provisions being decreased over there as well?
Michael T. Barkley: Yes, we've seen continued improvement in performance of the portfolio with reductions in past dues, both globally and in each of our markets. So we're seeing good performance in all of our finance companies.
Mark C. Pigott: And you're talking about also our competitors?
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: No, just yours.
Mark C. Pigott: Oh, yes, we're in very good shape.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And I guess a hypothetical question. I'm kind of curious as to your view on what the replacement demand would be in Europe.
Mark C. Pigott: You mean the number?
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes, yes, similar to the 225,000 you talked about for U.S. and Canada.
Mark C. Pigott: I think it would be probably in that same range. If you go back over 10 years, obviously, the North America and Europe sometimes are higher, sometimes are lower. They kind of -- the trucks in Europe tend to be newer right now, and that's a little longer discussion. But essentially, the recession was sharper but shorter in Europe versus North America. So you didn't skip a buying cycle. And that's what we found in North America in the, let's call it, 8, 9 and 10, with a production so low. So I think you're probably -- you've taken a number of different economic factors. I think the replacement is probably 225, 235, probably in that range.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Tiss of Buckingham Research.
Joel G. Tiss - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: I wonder if you can just talk about any signs of financing getting tougher in Eastern Europe. There's been some talk about that, but I don't know if you're seeing it or not.
Mark C. Pigott: We're not seeing that. I know what you're talking about. But for our customers and -- seem to be in good position. But I mean, you can read the press about financing in general, and I don't think that's specifically truck-related in Central Europe, is perhaps a little bit more constrained. But as for our industry, our customers, we're in good shape.
Joel G. Tiss - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And then are there any signs in North America that the financing is getting easier enough for the owner-operators and some of the smaller fleets to come back into the market? I'm sure that can't be helping the mix with those guys absent recently.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I think there's always good-quality customers in all categories. And we're willing to finance. I think others are willing to finance. We have not seen the lack of financing as an issue with customers being able to buy trucks in this particular market.
Joel G. Tiss - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And then just -- I think someone else asked you the question about cost increases. But we've been hearing more about supplier price increases and you talked a lot about raw material cost increases not being a big deal for 2012. But what about supplier price increases? Are you going to be able to pass that through as we move into 2012?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, we have about 75% of our supplier partners we have on long-term agreements. So we have mechanisms to moderate these, let's call it, price increases and material fluctuations. But certainly, our goal -- and we're kind of the end of the stream, the OEM, and that is where the rubber meets the road. It's certainly more difficult to pass along price increases to our end customer than it seems to be for our suppliers to try to pass along their increases to the OEMs. So that's the ongoing creative tension in the supply chain ladder.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Volkmann of Jefferies & Company.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of quick follow-ups and fill-ins to your -- unfortunately, I got a little static, right, when you said what you were doing with DAF in the fourth quarter. Could just repeat that?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, let's see. With DAF, we're going to be building more trucks, but we're taking the build rate down 5% to 10% in December.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So overall, build will be up for the quarter, and then you'll just take [indiscernible].
Mark C. Pigott: Correct.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Got it. Great. And then the shares outstanding at quarter end, Robin?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, we have that, even the number of PACCAR shares.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes, please.
Robin Easton: $358 million.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: 358. And tax rate in the fourth quarter?
Michael T. Barkley: We expect the tax rate to be around 31%.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: 31%, 4Q. Great. And then, Mark, if I could, more conceptually, you called out that you have a fair amount of cash on your balance sheet and you seem to be generating it faster than you can figure out how to spend it internally. I'm wondering...
Mark C. Pigott: I'm not sure if that's correct, but keep going.
Stephen E. Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Well, I'm wondering -- please feel to disagree, but I'm wondering if it's time to start looking for some external ways to spend that money.
Mark C. Pigott: We certainly are and have been. We certainly made some excellent investments in our engine factory, in our current products, in a new factory in Brazil, and we talked a little bit about China opportunities, and of course, repurchasing shares. And you know, even though you may not look at it, some of the credit rating agencies seem to like us to have cash in the balance sheet. So there's always a good discussion about that. So I think we're in very good shape. And we're glad we are where we are right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered. Just one question. As you sit here today and you look at your industry outlook for both U.S. and Europe I guess, how should we -- I mean, do you feel like -- you said pricing probably is going to be a little more favorable. We've walked rather right on this Whether it's the type of truck or geography or absorption rate, I mean, a whole bunch of things. But how do you think about incremental margins in 2012 relative to 2011? Should we expect an improvement overall?
Mark C. Pigott: There's a lot of ways to measure that. I think we indicated our margin for the fourth quarter is going to be comparable to the third quarter. And next year, we don't see anything dramatically changing. But I think when we look at how we're performing with the improvement of return on sale, return on revenue, we're improving. We're getting good leverage that way in our truck margins and seeing some improvement even in the aftermarket margin. So I know that's a particular area that you focus on, and we appreciate that. So we're continuing to look at, let's call it, the operating margin, how we can improve on that. I would just say that sometimes people look at '06, which is the high watermark for margins in our industry. And I think in some people's minds, they've tried to normalize that, saying that's the goal. I was around in '06. I was around in '96. And '06 was a remarkable confluence of economic indicators and factors that, are we going to see that again? Well, I certainly hope so. But as one of our leaders in the economic world said, the sort of irrational exuberance was at its heyday in '06, and that's certainly a trickle down to the truck industry. So I think we're doing very well. We've got strong margins, good returns of shareholders, outstanding products. So we continue to work it, and we appreciate your thoughts.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weber of RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Mostly asked and answered. But just going back to an earlier question, can you maybe give us a little more color on what you're seeing with the owner operators versus the fleets, I mean, how you see that kind of progressing over the next -- into the first part of next year maybe here in North America?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, when I started almost 35 years ago, there really was a segment called owner-operators. I am not sure that segment -- it's certainly not as populated as it used to be, and most of the people with, let's call it, less than 5 trucks, and there's still a group out there, but it's a pretty small group. And most of them have aligned with medium and large fleets, whether it's for improved healthcare or better routing or more access to end-use customers. So I think the owner-operator segment is sort of -- it's important in a smaller way. It's just the -- I don't know what an owner-operator is. We build a truck one at a time, but even the people that have only a few trucks are about as sophisticated as the large companies. They've got all the electronic tracking, and we're helping them with a lot of that. So we just look at it as sort of fleet sizes now.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Understood. So it's not a significant delta to the outlook one way or the other at this point?
Mark C. Pigott: No, it's not. It's not. It's a great group, been a wonderful little history. But like many industries, there's been a real evolution in the customer profile.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Sure. Understood. And I guess just quickly, is there a number that we can -- you can give us for parts revenue?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes.
Michael T. Barkley: Parts revenue was $655 million in the third quarter.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I'm sorry, I didn't catch that.
Michael T. Barkley: $655 million in the third quarter.
Robin Easton: That's up about 18%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Obin of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Andrew Obin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, most of my questions have been answered. I just wanted to confirm...
Mark C. Pigott: Andrew, I need to complement you.
Andrew Obin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: What have I done?
Mark C. Pigott: You wrote a very good analysis of the Brazil truck market. It's been widely disseminated amongst the industry, and I think it captured a lot of the key points. And surely, one of the main drivers within our industry, I would say more our competitors, is how important the Brazil market has been to their profitability and margin performance. And I think as you rightly pointed out, it's probably the highest margin market in the world, and so it was a good write-up. So hats off to you.
Andrew Obin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a question just to confirm, on sequential improvement in North America, just want to make sure that where are we in terms of hours per truck, asset terms versus your internal targets as we are exiting the month of October? Are we finally hitting the internal targets at Denton and Chillicothe? Without disclosing the target, but are we finally hitting the internal targets?
Mark C. Pigott: We have achieved many of our targets every month of this year. So I'm not sure exactly what you're talking about. But I think you've had a chance to tour those facilities. And certainly, as the supplier bottleneck, if you will, of the summer has cleared up, they're performing well. And of course, our teams in all of our factories worldwide are very dedicated. And the good news is every truck we deliver is the highest quality. So I think we're making -- we're doing well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Denoyer of Wolfe Trahan.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: If I could ask a question about Europe in a little bit of a different context, obviously it's tough to know how bad things might get near term. But as you look at the second half of the year and given the wide range in your guidance, are you expecting any sort of a prebuy to start ahead of the 2014 switch to Euro 6 standards?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, a good question. I think in terms of the guidance, of course, I think that's pretty normal guidance, still being a couple months away from actually being in the year. I think if we go back through the last 10 to 20 years, I think probably that same range is pretty typical. So I think that's normal. In terms of prebuy, there might be some in the second half.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. And what would you be expecting in terms of 2013? Obviously, that's a long ways away, but with the addition of EGR, certainly it seems like a good precedent to that would be the prebuy that we saw in North America, although obviously it's going to be a very much different economy.
Mark C. Pigott: That is something that a lot of us discussed. In some ways, the European economic model tends to smooth out the, let's call it, prebuy. There may be incentives by country to adopt technology faster. We certainly have seen that over the last 10 years. And it's not by every country. It's certainly usually by selected countries. And as a result, there's not this great prebuy swell. It tends to be more modulated. And I would say that probably that's what we're going to see again. So it's not sort of pushed into 1 or 2 quarters. It's more over the course of 4 quarters, as a year. So looking back in history, it's not so dramatic as you see in North America, which is oftentimes more of a cliff.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Yes. And are you seeing any increase in those country-specific incentives? I mean, I know Germany has some pretty significant tolls where the incentives are driving newer trucks. I think Denmark was talking about it. Have you heard anything more in that front recently?
Mark C. Pigott: I think there are some country initiatives to come up with some incentives, but the incentives that we've seen so far have been pretty modest and sort of few and far between. So probably more will happen in the coming months and years.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. And then just one last one, if you don't mind. Going back to North America in terms of its near-term order trends, it seems like your guidance is more like 5% to maybe 15%, 20% growth next year for retail sales for Class 8. I've certainly heard a lot of expectations more in the 20%-plus kind of range. Is there -- can you give us a sense of how October orders are trending?
Mark C. Pigott: It seems to be reasonable. When you're looking out for the guidance, 12%, 15%, 18%, 20%, it's all pretty fluid because there's lots of moving parts on that. So I think it's -- right now, orders are pretty good.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Nolan of Deutsche Bank.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered, so I just got 2 quick follow-ups. Just on the finance business, can you tell us what the charge-offs were in the quarter?
Michael T. Barkley: They were very comparable to the provision number, just slightly different but very comparable to the provision.
Mark C. Pigott: Why don't we get back to you on that with the number. We have it.
Michael T. Barkley: Yes. There were $9.9 million for the quarter.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Got it. So I mean, charge-offs seem to be coming down. That's pretty consistent with your previous comments. So going into next year, are you pretty happy with where your allowance is? Or should we think about provisions tracking along with charge-offs next year?
Michael T. Barkley: Well, I think it will depend a little bit on the portfolio and how it grows. And so the provision will typically track the portfolio size and the trends and portfolio quality. So those 2 things will drive our provisions in our reserving approach.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Got it. And just -- you gave the revenue for the parts business. Can you also give us the margin as well?
Mark C. Pigott: Okay.
Michael T. Barkley: The margin was $227 million for parts in the third quarter.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And Mark, I just wanted to follow up on your comments about the suppliers. Basically, you think things are pretty much back to normal in the fourth quarter...
Mark C. Pigott: I think they've improved.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. I mean, do you think most of these constraints are going to be worked through as we get into Q1 for next year?
Mark C. Pigott: It's certainly our plan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian of Rayle of Northcoast Research.
Brian Michael Rayle - Northcoast Research: Most of the questions have been answered. I guess if I look at your market share goals, North America, Europe and Brazil, you said 18% roughly was parts and service here in the quarter. If you hit those market share goals, does that get to a 20%, 22% revenue number as you vertically integrate or even higher than that? Just your thoughts on where that position is.
Mark C. Pigott: I don't think we've actually shared any market share goals. We always -- our goal is, as you know, to provide the best quality product to our customers and our dealers. And the good news is as we do that, the share seems to improve. So that's probably a broader discussion, but I'm not sure we've actually detailed that out for, let's call it, the industry in general.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Right. But I mean, if you have that 20% target for Europe and North America and if you take that and then layer over the fact, they are becoming obviously more vertically integrated in North America. Your market share goal was there. You're 18% in the current quarter. The math kind of comes out to be kind of low 20%.
Mark C. Pigott: These are -- those...
Brian Michael Rayle - Northcoast Research: For parts and service, not for percentage of revenue that were driven by parts and services, not those actual market share goals.
Mark C. Pigott: Right. We don't have that.
Michael T. Barkley: There's no 18% share of parts and services.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, there's no share. I think there may be a little bit of confusion here.
Michael T. Barkley: There's been a little bit of an increased number that was not [indiscernible].
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, yes, that's an increase. And in terms of the shares for Brazil, Europe, those are medium term. So those are looked at in years, not quarters.
Brian Michael Rayle - Northcoast Research: Oh, yes. And I'm not trying to get a quarterly number. I guess what I'm trying to get at is if you hit sort of your even midterm goals on market share for the actual truck sales, what percentage of revenue do you think will be driven by parts and service? Might be a more direct way to ask.
Mark C. Pigott: Let's take that one offline. It's a good thing, but it's a much broader discussion. It's something that we don't really delve into that way. Good question though. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Leiker of Robert W. Baird.
Joseph D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: This is Joe on the line for David actually. Most of my questions have been answered, just more on maybe strategic or a long-term one. I think Daimler was out in the news recently, or a Freightliner, about their Detroit brand and maybe increasing their own vertical integration. I know you're probably in the 3 or 4 with complete engine strategy here in North America. But is that something you would maybe consider in the next 5 years to take another piece of the powertrain and maybe vertically integrate?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, we pretty much have our engines PACCAR branded. And looking out at other components, that would be gearboxes and axles and other smaller components, we have got very good supplier partners who appreciate the high-quality customer we are, and we'll just have to see how that unfolds.
Joseph D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: You happen to have your, let's say, axle, gearbox and transmission suppliers under the 75% that have long-term agreements with you?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, we do. Yes, we do. Good question. Yes, that would be Sadoff and Eaton and Dana, other good companies out there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Elias of Sterne Agee.
Ben Elias - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Anyway, I have a question about your outlook for Europe. You're talking about expectations of European sales of about $225 million to $250 million next year. And I just wanted to understand what you're thinking in terms of present inventory levels. Is there still some inventory in the channel? Is that pretty lean? Or is production really going to match what you look at in terms of industry sales?
Mark C. Pigott: Yes. Well, the inventory is very lean. It's at a 3- to 4-year low. So the dealers are in great shape. So as we look at whatever happens in 2012, I think those numbers will be pretty much represented by production levels.
Ben Elias - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. So you're not going to have to take any restructuring actions or any structural adjustments with footprint or anything else of that sort. You're pretty much well matched. Is that what you're saying?
Mark C. Pigott: Ben, this is a PACCAR call, so I'm not -- we don't even think about that. We're in great shape. I'm not sure what you're driving at here.
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Robin Easton: I'd like to thank everyone for their excellent questions, and thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-26 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Robin Easton - CFO Mark Pigott - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee R. Armstrong - President
Analysts: Michael Regan - Janus Capital Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co Michael Levin - Deutsche Bank AG David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc. J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co. Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company Ben Elias - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc. Barry Haimes - Sage Asset Management Andrew Obin - BofA Merrill Lynch Jamie Cook - Crédit Suisse AG Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Timothy Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Timothy Thein - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded, and if anyone has an objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Robin Easton, PACCAR's Treasurer. Mr. Easton, please go ahead.
Robin Easton: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Robin Easton, Treasurer of PACCAR, and joining me this morning are Mark Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ron Armstrong, President; and Michael Barkley, Vice President, Controller. As with prior conference calls, if there are members of the media participating, we request that they participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Mark Pigott.
Mark Pigott: Good morning. PACCAR reported excellent revenues and net income for the second quarter of 2011. PACCAR's second quarter sales and Financial Services revenues were $3.9 billion compared to $2.4 billion in the second quarter of 2010. Quarterly net income increased to $240 million, more than double the $100 million earned a year ago. I'm very proud of our 22,000 employees who have delivered excellent performance to our shareholders and customers. PACCAR's results reflect the benefits of higher truck deliveries in North America and Europe and continued improvement in aftermarket part sales and Financial Services worldwide. As a result of the improving business conditions, PACCAR's board recently approved a 50%, 5-0%, increase in the regular quarterly dividend to $0.18 from $0.12 per share, in line with the amount paid prior to the recession. And we want to especially thank our shareholders for their support. In the U.S. and Canada, the truck industry orders in the second quarter of 2011 increased to 68,000 units compared to 65,000 during the first quarter. U.S. and Canadian retail truck sales are estimated to improve in 2011 to a range of 180,000 to 220,000 units from 126,000 units last year. That's a 50% increase from last year and also reflects the industry retail sales of about 84,000 units for the first 6 months of this year. We have lowered our industry retail sales forecast range in North America due to the uneven economic conditions and supplier capacity constraints, specifically tires and chassis components. The European truck registrations for the second quarter were 63,000 units, a slight increase on the first quarter registrations of 59,000. We estimate that Europe's greater than 15-tonne truck market will be between 230,000 to 250,000 units this year versus 183,000 units last year. That's a 30% increase year-on-year. Looking at the 2 markets, there may be some questions about the health of the suppliers, and I would just remind you that in North America, our 2 largest car manufacturers, General Motors and Chrysler, went bankrupt during the recession, and as a result, the entire supplier industry suffered, whereas in Europe, although they had slower car sales because of actions by various governments, employment was able to be retained. There was no housing bubble, and as a result, suppliers are in much better shape in Europe. The improving global economy is benefiting the truck market but is also increasing the material cost from suppliers. Aftertreatment, cooling, electrical, filtration, precious metals, such as platinum and palladium and overall emission-related costs of approximately $15,000 in North America in the last 5 years have impacted our entire industry's margins as the transportation industry is not able to fully absorb these additional costs. That's the price of doing business in our industry. PACCAR's truck sales increased 26% from the first quarter and part sales increased by 4%. These 2 positive results generated increased net income but did reduce the overall gross margins due to the higher proportion of truck sales compared to parts.  Continuing with good news, PACCAR has increased truck production of all truck plants in North America and Europe to meet higher levels of demand. The improved market pricing and factory productivity generated higher quarterly truck gross margins of 8.1% in the second quarter compared to 5% a year ago. And looking ahead, PACCAR estimates that we'll deliver 5% to 10% more trucks in the third quarter compared to the second quarter, subject to suppliers’ ability to meet industry demand. PACCAR's strong balance sheet and excellent operating cash flow have allowed the company to accelerate its investments to enhance operating efficiency and develop innovative new products, such as PACCAR's MX diesel engine, and I know a number of you were able to read the latest Forbes Magazine article that had highlighted PACCAR as one of the top 50 innovative companies of today and tomorrow, a nice reflection on what we've done for 105 years. We’ve received over 18,000 orders for our MX engine in North America, and the engine is being installed in about 25% of Kenworth and Peterbilt heavy-duty trucks. Feedback continues to be excellent from our customers. PACCAR Financial services revenues were $258 million in the second quarter compared to $239 million a year ago. PACCAR Financial's second quarter pretax income improved to $57 million compared to $34 million earned a year ago. This was due to better finance margins and a reduction in the provision for credit losses. The credit loss provision for the second quarter of 2011 were $11 million compared to $17.4 million a year ago. Another piece of good news, past dues fell to 2.2%, their lowest level since the first quarter of 2008, over 3 years ago. And finally, during the quarter, PACCAR made good progress in its search for a DAF factory site in Brazil. I note that many of our competitors continue to highlight Brazil as being their most profitable industry area. We look forward to joining them, and our goal is for DAF to achieve a 10% share of the Brazilian truck market in the medium term. Thank you, and I look forward to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Adam Uhlman of Cleveland Research.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Can we start by talking about the margin trends in the quarter and with the gross margin in particular, and could you talk about how the margin unfolded in Europe versus North America and then, overall, your expectations for the third quarter given the 5% to 10% increase in builds that you are talking about?
Mark Pigott: Sure. Well, I think, looking forward, as our industry, and I stress the industry, achieves more of a logistical equilibrium as suppliers are able to ramp up and invest in their companies and smooth out the delivery of many components, it should benefit the entire industry, including our customers, of course. There may be a slight improvement in margins. Obviously, PACCAR continues to invest in making our plants the most efficient in the industry. So overall, I know there's been a few questions about the margins, but I think as I indicated in the first prepared comments, our sales in trucks and parts and finance are improving, and as we get a higher proportion of truck sales and truck margins, they tend to reduce the overall margin because of the proportional weight.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Was there a material impact to margin from customer mix in the quarter from larger fleet sales? I noticed that your market share was up quite a bit.
Mark Pigott: Over the last, certainly, 10 years, as the industry has evolved away from the, let's call it, owner/operator smaller fleets to more medium and larger fleets, so has PACCAR's customer mix. I think it's very much in line with any of our competitors, and our market share is close to record levels in North America and certainly in Europe, which is, I think, reflecting more our customers’ demand for higher quality products. But I don't think there's really a mix issue in terms of any margin, no. Good question, though.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Seth Weber of RBC.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: I guess just on North America, the tempered outlook for the sales number. I mean, do you think that just gets pushed out to 2012? Or how should we think about that?
Mark Pigott: Well, we look at the number of retail sales, and there's a lot of things that you've got to look at in terms of moving parts: orders, build and retail sales, obviously the 3 major components. Backlogs are increasing certainly throughout the industry at Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF, which is good. I think there might be an element of push out. You're talking about a market that is up 50% from a year ago. Now, would we like it to be higher? Would you like it to be higher? Certainly, but that's kind of the world we're living in. The economy once again, even though we all read the headlines and people are having record results here, there and everywhere, if you peel back that onion a little bit, a lot of the companies, even some that reported today, a pretty considerable mixture of their benefits are Asia, China, India, Brazil, whether they're an industrial company or even on a consumer side. And that usually doesn't get reflected in the headline. So we have limited exposure to South America and to Asia. We have some but limited. So I think our results really reflect what's going on in North America and Europe. So next year, we hope things will be good. You got housing at a 50-year low, which impacts I'd say most basic materials and industries. You take a look at excellent companies like a Wal-Mart, a Lowe's, a Home Depot, people aren't putting a lot of money into fixing up their houses. So that impacts glass, brick, wood, concrete, TVs, refrigerators, carpets. All those things get moved by trucks. So I say as we indicated in our press release, the recovery is uneven, and then you overlay a 9% or 9.5% unemployment rate, and I think people are rightfully just -- they're cautious about what's going to happen.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Sure. And I guess just reading the press release, I mean, it sounds almost like -- are you increasing your investments with the supply chain at this point to help them along or is that…
Mark Pigott: Yes we are. And I'm glad you brought that up. I think we took an initiative, oh gosh, probably 15 years ago, where we would actually invest in capital equipment for our suppliers. We would retain ownership, and let's say you're running a $50 million company, which is a good-sized supplier. And you need to get a piece of equipment that might be $0.5 million. Well, that's a pretty substantial investment. If it makes sense, we'll go in, we'll purchase that. You, as a supplier, will run it. Hopefully, you'll be able to improve your quality, reduce your cost, reduce the amount of overtime and actually use it to supply other customers besides us. So it's kind of a win-win. So we are doing -- have done a lot of that and continue to do it and, in some cases, have probably accelerated that. So we want these suppliers to make money. We want our dealers to make money. We want our customers to make money, so we're going to see what we can do to help them.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And would you put that at kind of tens of millions of dollars this year?
Mark Pigott: I would say it's probably $5 million to $10 million range. It varies on the timing. Some of the pieces of equipment may take a year to build.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ann Duignan of JPMorgan.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Mark, can you just expand on the chassis component shortages? Can you just elaborate on what specific component are you talking about? Is it the whole bunch of little things or is it axles or is it one supplier or many suppliers? If you can just expand on that, it would be very helpful.
Mark Pigott: Absolutely. I think it's a host of suppliers. As you know, Ann, 1, 2 components, you need them all to make a truck to be able to deliver to a customer, and I think -- let me start on sort of the macro level. Certainly, a number of our competitors, and some that I'm sure you cover, have had week-long shutdowns. In fact, I think 1 or 2 have shutdowns right now because of supplier issue. And we're seeing this more in North America, but we've also seen it in Europe. So it's affecting the whole industry. When we sort of go on a more focused micro level, it can be anything to do with the rear suspension area. It can be an axle-related type of component. It could be components inside the cab that we might be purchasing. So I'd say every week, probably there may be a new supplier that's popping up. It may be that these suppliers are running 24/7. And God bless them for doing that. Everybody's working very, very hard. We've got a lot of people in different suppliers, facilities, assisting them whether it's investment as I talked about on the previous question, helping them lay out new lines, but there are suppliers in the automotive supply base in North America was really impacted seriously, much more than maybe people understand. I've seen the term hollowed out in different articles. When you've got a major contraction in the car industry, and a lot of these suppliers supply car and truck, and people talking about double dip, suppliers are rightfully very cautious. Should they add new facilities? Should they hire more people? Should they expand their facility? What if the economy, whether it's because we don't have a debt ceiling agreement or unemployment continues, what if there's a double dip? They don't want to get caught again. There's a lot of people that are rightfully cautious and conservative, and we're working with them to meet our needs, but it's not just all rosy out there.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. And I appreciate that, and that kind of leads me into my second question, and that’s your outlook for North America and taking it down. I presume, just correct me if I'm wrong, that's your outlook for retail sales given the economic...
Mark Pigott: That is correct. That is retail sales, and it reflects exactly what the industry is seeing, and that is 83,000 classic trucks have been retailed for the first 6 months, which means if we're going to get to 180,000 or 200,000 for the year, you're going to need a 25% to 40% increase in the second half. That's just the math.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I appreciate that, but can you talk about your outlook for build versus retail? I mean, if I look at the backlogs, backlog build...
Mark Pigott: The build is sort of running in line with retail sales. I mean, I can't -- I don't really know what the competitors are doing in terms of dealers, but our dealers, they're -- let's call it new truck inventory, so that would be trucks that are on the lot when you go see them, is at a 5-year low. So what that really means is when we build the truck, the customer gets the truck. So build becomes retail sales very quickly. There's not a 3, 4, 5, 6 month delay. The customers who are -- the customers have reported their earnings, and a number of them are up 5%, 10%, 20%, which is encouraging. That's good. They want the trucks. They're not going to wait around for them. So we see some improvement. Suppliers are getting healthier. There is a growing backlog which is healthy, and everybody in the industry is pushing to increase their build, but you can't build if you can't get components from your suppliers.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And supposing you were able to free up all the capacity you need in your supply base, would you accelerate your build for a while to exceed retail just to get those dealer inventories back to...
Mark Pigott: The way we run it, we have orders, we build for the customer. So if we're able to increase, and as I indicated in my comments, we're planning to have a 5% to 10% increase in the third quarter compared to the second quarter, we'll increase the build to meet our customers’ demand, in line with what we can get from suppliers. So I think it's getting better. And I think that's the important message is it's getting better. The orders have been relatively consistent. There have been 1 or 2 high months, but you can kind of level those out, and suppliers are making investments. We're making investments in suppliers. And I don't think we can look away. A 50% increase year-on-year, that's pretty strong, particularly in the automotive industry. You don't see that on the car side. I don't think they could handle a 50%. I mean that would be amazing. So I think we have to give credit to the truck people to be able to get a 50% increase.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I'm wondering if you can talk about what was the impact of higher material costs in the quarter roughly and what was the impact, if any, of higher expedited freight costs due to the spike in trends?
Mark Pigott: Well, they certainly had some impact, but we don't really break that out. As part of doing business, sometimes, the supplier picks up the cost. Sometimes we do, but all I can say is, if you've ever been in the plant, you don't want to get too many things being brought in by airplane. It tends to gets expensive, but we don't really break that out. I mean it's just the cost of doing business that way.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: In terms of the industry pricing environment, Mark, can you comment on by market what's the range of price increases you're hearing about or contemplating in the bids that are going out today versus the bids that maybe went out 3 to 6 months ago?
Mark Pigott: I'd say there is some improved pricing in the marketplace. As I noted earlier, a number of our customers, in fact, quite a few of our customers are seeing improved profitability. Obviously fuel, they have to watch what's going on with fuel. But the customers and the very good customers who are here and have survived really 3 major economic shocks in the last 10 years, they're very well-run companies. They understand that to meet the different emission levels, of course, the latest one being 2010, costs are going up, and obviously as a manufacturer, what we need to bring to the party is improved fuel economy whether it's through better engine performance or just more streamlined vehicles. So you're talking about a couple of percent increase out to the customers, which then they have to turn around and pass on to their end customers. So you're seeing that. So that's positive. And just how to see how the general economy is doing, some areas are doing well, but others are obviously slow. And I think that is reflected in the type of customers. If you're in the building products type of industry, it's pretty slow. If you're maybe doing a few things to the retail mall or consumer, it might be pretty good. I think it's gradually improving.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And lastly, excellent market share in the quarter. Given the supply chain challenges you've highlighted, do you expect to maintain the share gains you delivered this quarter? I obviously appreciate you look at market share over longer time periods but would love your sense on how do you feel about your ability to maintain where you got to in the second quarter?
Mark Pigott: Well, let's look at it in 2 segments, if you will. Europe, DAF has just been an amazing success story. And obviously, we have the attention of all of our major competitors, and as we continue to reiterate, we'd like to get to that 20% level. We're a little over 15%. We kind of go between 15% and 16%, which is a great improvement from the 7% to 8% it was 10 years ago. So that's had a good benefit. And DAF probably has the best dealer network in Europe, one of the few independent dealer networks, so these dealers are really working hard to break into new customers, new accounts. So we look for steady improvement, but recognize that we are now in the sights of all of our competitors in Europe. In North America, 26.7% is certainly one of the highest shares we've had in many years. I think because we've worked with suppliers, we've been able to deliver maybe a few more vehicles than some of our competitors. Some of our competitors might have had longer shutdowns or had shutdowns. We haven't really had to do any of that. But in that range, we always like to be there, but the main thing is continue to deliver great results to our shareholders. That's the key.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of J. B. Groh of D.A. Davidson.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Most of my questions have been answered, but I was kind of curious what your thoughts on this CSA and potential driver shortage here in the next 24 months. What do you think that means for the industry overall and PACCAR in particular?
Mark Pigott: Well, I think it's probably, overall, although there'll be some short-term pain probably at a few different customers, I think it's overall good to have a standard. This is an industry that we love. We live in it every day, and we're very proud of what it's done for certainly North America and Europe in having a very attractive transportation sector. I think in terms of drivers, just 5, 6 years ago, if you had said housing was down, you would have said, well, that would have resulted in a lot more drivers because there is a real correlation between people driving or building homes. Because of CSA and the different regulations, that correlation is probably still intact, but it's reduced in intensity or correlation. I know some of our customers are finding it a challenge to find good drivers. What that usually results in is higher pay for the drivers, and usually, our customers are pretty good at balancing that because they've got customers that they have to deliver to. They've got trucks -- they don't want trucks standing still as the economy gradually improves. So I think overall, it's a capitalistic system, works as pay goes up, you'll get more people that at one time, say, well I'm not interested, saying that is attractive for me. It is a good company, let me get into that. So if the pay goes up, more people will get interested and good people, that's the key. Good professional drivers.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Well, I think you mentioned in the past sort of premium trucks as kind of a driver retention tool, so I'm just trying to balance that with the fact that their cost might be going up a little bit and...
Mark Pigott: Absolutely. No, I mean it's a very good point. It's sort of a given in our strategy and also in the strategy of many of our customers to have a good-looking Kenworth, Peterbilt or DAF truck out there and use that to pull people in, and that continues to be an element of the recruiting. But you also have to have the overall compensation package, which I think many of our excellent customers continue to review on a regular basis. So you put the package out there. It's attractive. You're going to have more people interested in taking the job.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co.: And then just one clarification, I think you've given sort of some guidance numbers on R&D for 2012 or -- I mean, 2011, of $275 million to $300 million. Are we looking at the sort of same, sort of percentage of sales going out a year for 2012?
Mark Pigott: Well, we probably won't see the percent of sales, but I think the dollars should certainly be in that range because of the strength of PACCAR and an excellent balance sheet, which I know you've noted, and we appreciate that. We're trying to accelerate new products, new processes, new systems and stay at the forefront, and as I mentioned, it was a nice recognition by Forbes Magazine on being one of the world's top 50 innovative companies. You've got to keep innovating. So I think the dollars are probably in line.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Henry Kirn of UBS.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: Wondering if there was any way you could parse out the difference in your North American industry forecast between the supplier constraint and just the general macroeconomic uneven recovery?
Mark Pigott: Probably that would be a much longer conversation. I'm not sure that either of us would be completely happy with the outcome of that. It's all bundled in, and it's just what our team works with every day. Yes, I know the question, but it's very complicated.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: So from your standpoint more of a tweaking based on being 3 months further into the year?
Mark Pigott: Yes, exactly right. You've followed us and the industry long enough to -- in every 3 months, we get a little bit smarter on where the industry is going to go, and of course, we've also seen dramatic changes, not these last 3 months but in previous years. A lot of things can happen in 3 months. So I think Ann or some of your other colleagues mentioned, we'd love to get to 180,000, 200,000. That's our estimate but for the first half, it was 83,000 retail sales.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: Makes sense. And then as you manage the business, as we go through this transition phase of the cycle, what do you see as the margin puts and takes that are in your hands to manage in the second half of the year?
Mark Pigott: Well, obviously, how we run the company, the efficiency of productivity is completely in our control, and I'm very proud of the team. They've done an outstanding job forever. And we'll continue to do that. The working with suppliers, I think, as a number of them get on firmer footing, which all of them want to be, and as we're able to help them out, whether it's to say making a capital investment or just helping them lay out factories or work with their Tier 2 or Tier 3, there may be some benefit in a long-term arrangement. And I think, the biggest thing that's probably out of our hands is the general economy, and I know a lot of the analysts who've covered the industry, particularly through the heydays of '06, '07 and '08. And I think we need to recognize that a lot of the margins being generated then, the whole economy was just really doing well. I'm not talking about trucking. I'm talking about just the general economy. It was buoyant, there was a lot of confidence, housing was, gosh, probably 1.8 million housing starts in that timeframe. We're now at about 500,000 to 600,000, so it's down 60%, 70%. Car sales were bumping 15 million, 16 million, 17 million. There was a lot going on, and so margins for every industry were pretty good. Customers were able to pass along costs as they came in. And now we're in a different economic cycle. So if you guys can tell me when we're going to get back to '07, '08 general economic buoyancy, that will be great.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: We'll keep waiting for it.
Mark Pigott: We're working on it. We've got great results and great teams and a lot of products that we're very proud of and great customers, so say, $240 million this quarter versus $100 million a year ago, I think a nice reflection for everybody's hard work.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Andy Casey of Wells Fargo.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Couple of questions. First, around Europe, and then I was wondering about your broader view, given all the government uncertainty, but on the European outlook, suggest the second half's up somewhere in the neighborhood of 10% to 20% from the first half. Is in your opinion, does that on an industry basis kind of follow normal quarterly seasonality, or is it more of a uniform strengthening? Kind of the basis behind that is we've heard some industry chatter about potential looseness in the industry backlog later this year.
Mark Pigott: Yes, I've seen 1 or 2 of my competitors commenting. I think what we're seeing, and obviously we can't mention too much about that, but what we're seeing at DAF in Europe is some increased share. And increased share in a bigger market than a year ago, so that translates for us more units. And growing in central Europe, probably [ph] Southern Europe on a general economic platform, has got some challenges, which we know all about. But DAF, I think it's got some upward potential and the overall industry, 10% to 20% I think that's in line. We're comfortable with that.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. And then the broader question, I'm wondering if you've seen any short-term customer capital investment deferral related to all the government uncertainty in either Europe or the U.S., understanding U.S. is more -- right now more of a replacement demand.
Mark Pigott: Yes. I think in Europe, and this is something that you would know as well as any of us, the Portugal, Spain, Italy, the usual group, Greece not so much because it's not such a big truck market, but people are thinking about what they're going to do. We do reasonably well. We typically, we're #2 in market share in those markets, but those markets are not big. So the benefit for us is the strong economic performance of Germany. We do well in the U.K. We have for decades, France, good market, we're now #2 in France behind one of our competitors. And Central Europe and some into Russia, so that's good. And then selling some components, whether it’s a cab or an engine into Asia. People really enjoy and appreciate the DAF quality and attention to detail. So it's smaller numbers, but that's improving. And you say in North America, we're still in the replacement side and depending on what replacement cycle number you look at, and for a number of years, we said it's about 220,000, 225,000, and we're not really to that level yet. We're probably still a little below replacement, which if that holds true and the general economy improves, bodes well for our industry.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Joel Tiss of Buckingham Research.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: The production ramp-up costs in the quarter and probably in the first half of the year, it's probably taken a little bit out of the margins. Is that likely to persist, or you think that's going to be a little more front-end loaded?
Mark Pigott: Well, I don't think it has that much impact. Obviously, we're very used to going up in production and probably going down in production because we've been doing it for a long time. PACCAR is very efficient. I think if anything, you can say it's front-end loaded, but I don't think it's really much to talk about. Our factories are at strong build levels, and we'll probably have 50% more in-house capacity in terms of the efficiency just over the last 6, 7, 8 years. And we have long-term employees working there, great engineering, great materials people. So going up, they were ready to go up and build, right? And they're ready to do more if the market demands it.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And one of your esteemed Italian competitors yesterday was talking about European incentives starting to hurt the market a little bit there and didn't exactly say but were hinting that demand is weakening a little bit. Can you just give us a little bit more of a focus on what's going on under the -- behind the scenes in Europe?
Mark Pigott: I'm not sure what European incentives. We don't get any, so maybe somebody is getting something that we don't. I am not sure who you might be talking about, but if I connect the dots, so to speak, we’re selling at the premium end and some others may not be at that end. So I'm not sure what you mean by incentives.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Yes, they were talking about financing. The dealers are getting aggressive on financing and giving attractive terms to try to move products.
Mark Pigott: Well, of course, you know PACCAR financially. You know what we do on that. We've had good results, and we're having improved results as we shared in the press release. Now I don't know. I mean, our dealers are independent. But they use PACCAR Financial, and so I'm not sure what they're talking about. We're doing well. Our share is good. Quality is great, and we keep working on it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Volkmann of Jefferies.
Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Trying to think about conceptually I guess the difference between some near term, it sounds like supplier kind of issues, and I think you're kind of saying that you expect those to be kind of working their way through the system and maybe behind us as we get toward the end of the year...
Mark Pigott: Yes, let's say through the rest of the year. We don't want to get too ambitious here.
Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay, fair enough. But that fades over the next couple of quarters I guess. But I guess I'm thinking more longer term. You guys have always done a pretty good job through various cycles of offsetting whatever the market throws at you with productivity increases and still delivering a pretty reliable kind of margin through a cycle. And I guess I'm trying to figure out if you think that, that's actually changed now. Has the supplier -- have your suppliers just -- has the balance of powers tipped enough so that you're not going to be able to do that anymore? Or is it...
Mark Pigott: Well, it's a very good question. I would say that probably PACCAR has the best relationship with suppliers. So that is the same excellent relationship we've had for decades. I think what the industry, and it's for the whole industry and everybody being affected is the increasingly expensive cost associated with meeting the different EPA regulations. It's all been in the press, and this is nothing new. But essentially, every 3 years, '02, '04, '07, '10, '13, there are significant technology enhancements that need to be developed. And the customers benefit ultimately. Certainly the world benefits as we have a wonderfully low emission vehicle. But the last -- we've been in a recession for 4 years in our industry, since '07. Nobody likes to talk about it, but that's the facts. And so for 4 years, which really covers 2 major cost milestones, if you will, '07 and '10 where customers are saying, we know you have $15,000 worth of costs, but I can't pass that long. And as a consumer, I can appreciate that. So that's, I think, if you pull that out, our margins are excellent. I'm very proud of the team. We've got great margins considering the environment we're in. And we're working hard through new products, new markets, aka Brazil, new developments in all elements to, first of all, increase our net income because that's really what our goals are. And that should result in some margin enhancement. But that's the macro view of the world we live in.
Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay, that's helpful. And any comments about Eastern Europe, what's going on over there these days?
Mark Pigott: As far as the truck market, we've had good success, and they tend to be still some low-cost manufacturers. We have some customers that are either adding additional distribution centers or actually relocating from traditional Western Europe markets, but Europe is a complicated scenario right now as you can see from some of your studies, particularly on the financial and political side. So we're in all the major markets and continue to add dealers and the trucks do very, very well. So whatever happens, I think DAF is well positioned.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Thein of Citibank.
Timothy Thein - Citigroup Inc: I just wanted to come back on the truck gross margin. And you highlighted earlier, you saw a nice -- I think you're up to 8.1% in the second quarter. But still well as you look back since you started disclosing this back, and again, I know there's a lot of differences between '08, but you're at double digits there on a similar level of delivery. And again, as you pointed out, you've got -- presumably mix isn't as favorable as it was then, and you've got the new products and investments and all these other headwinds. But if we work through this kind of near-term supplier issues, do you think by 2012, given continued improvement in the overall market, do you think you can realistically get to a double-digit level there on the truck side?
Mark Pigott: We really can't forecast that. And the, as I shared previously, a lot of the cost, it's not supplier. It's regulatory. That's the impact. Those are not going away. In fact, they will continue to increase because although 2013 will be not as expensive, there will be costs associated with it. And so that's the difference.
Timothy Thein - Citigroup Inc: And presumably, there's a bit of a hit on the percentage margin relative to the dollar margin, I understand as well.
Mark Pigott: Yes, that is correct.
Timothy Thein - Citigroup Inc: Okay. And switching gears, just in terms of the overall company cash generation by our math, anyway, PACCAR had the second quarter of negative free cash flow due to higher finance receivables, as well as build an industrial working capital. Do you expect as you look in the back half of the year, do you think this reverses or just is higher level of growth going to necessitate a higher level of overall working capital?
Mark Pigott: What major are you using to calculate your figure?
Timothy Thein - Citigroup Inc: We're just using total operating cash flows less CapEx, and that includes equipment on operating lease, which is was negative $310 million in the second quarter, negative $465 million in the first.
Mark Pigott: We had positive operating cash flow of $792 million, and we would expect, as many of our customers use the leasing product, that we will continue to invest in operating leases going forward. So the trend in that metric will probably be similar as we look into the second half.
R. Armstrong: Yes, the operating leases are funded by debt -- a lot of those funded by debt in our finance operations and finance leasing operations. So that's just the way you approach that free cash flow calculation.
Timothy Thein - Citigroup Inc: Yes, fair enough. Okay.
Mark Pigott: We think it's positive. Obviously, we need to talk to you about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook of Crédit Suisse.
Jamie Cook - Crédit Suisse AG: Just 2 quick follow-up questions. One, Mark, unless I've missed this, last quarter during Q&A you sort of alluded to where gross margins would trend out for the year. And I think you said it’d be somewhat flat for the year and average flat with Q1 levels. Can you just give us your updated thoughts on that? And then just second question, can you just give us an update on sort of utilization trends that we're seeing at the Columbus, Mississippi, engine plant?
Mark Pigott: Gross margins?
Jamie Cook - Crédit Suisse AG: Yes, gross margins first for the year.
Mark Pigott: Gross margin figures for the quarter or the first half?
Jamie Cook - Crédit Suisse AG: Well, no, for the year. I mean, last quarter in Q&A, Mark answered, someone asked a question about where gross margin should trend for the year, and he sort of said probably comparable to Q1 levels. I think people were, unless I misinterpreted, were expecting a 13.5% operating -- I'm sorry, gross margin for the year.
Mark Pigott: We would expect our gross margins for the year to be -- combined between truck and parts to be probably trending more towards the June 30 level.
Jamie Cook - Crédit Suisse AG: Okay, so down. And then just, last, can you just give us an update on the Mississippi?
Mark Pigott: On Mississippi? Yes, it's going well. I'd say we have about 25% year-to-date market share in the Kenworth and Peterbilt. We're starting to have customers on some repeat purchases, and so in terms of utilization, we still have -- or capacity utilization, we have a lot of capacity left, and certainly, we can bring in additional machines if we feel that we need additional capacity. So we're in very good shape.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Denoyer of Wolfe Research.
Timothy Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: A question on the timeframe of some of these supply constraints easing. With your investments in suppliers, do you have a sense of -- I think you said at one point earlier in the call perhaps year end we'll start seeing a lot of these easing?
Mark Pigott: I think that's a fair comment, I think, from an overall perspective, and that's for the whole industry. Obviously, everybody making something in the automotive sector is having some impact. So we think it should be improved. Next year, we'll probably bring a different group of suppliers that will maybe have some challenges, but that's what we do. And I think depending on how the general economy unfolds, which will be interesting, over the next week, to see how the United States of America deals with a few issues, it should be reasonable.
Timothy Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. And then switching to Brazil quickly, can you talk about your long-term outlook for that market? And given the rates it's producing today, it seems like there's a few things supporting that market in terms of an emissions change coming up and some tax incentives. Do you expect -- would you be surprised with a significant drop in that market next year, and where do you see that going longer term?
Mark Pigott: Yes. Well, longer term, we see it going up. And whether it's 5%, 8%, 10% per year, which we certainly have seen over the last decade or so. Brazil is a large country. 200 million people in an area the size of Continental United States. They've got some major infrastructure programs that are well underway. Olympics, World Cup are 2 major ones but just a general improvement in their highway system. You've got some very positive government policies that are allowing quite a few millions of Brazilians to move up the social scale to middle-class. And as a result of that, you've got increased demand for housing and all the goods that go along with housing. Now balancing that, there are challenges, as you would find for any rapidly growing country, whether it's interest rate, inflation, currency versus other currencies, and that's something that I'm sure the government is working on very hard. So will it have some ups and downs in the truck market? Certainly. We've seen it in every other market, and just as an aside, the Chinese market, which continues to be the largest truck market in the world, greater than 15 tonnes, so let's call it the medium- and heavy-duty trucks, it could be down 10% this year. And we've been going to China, and gosh, for decades, if you would talk with any of the Chinese manufacturers even a year ago and said that you think things are going to go down, you would have probably been -- there would have been a long silence because everybody there is geared at 7%, 8%, 9%, 10% growth, but the market will be down in China 10%. And let's put that in perspective. That's over 100,000 trucks down, which is more than 1/2 of the U.S. and Canadian market. So those are significant changes, but that's the way the world is. It doesn't always go up, and we've been doing this for a long time, so Brazil may have a lower truck market, but I think overall, it looks very good. They don't have much of a rail system, a very limited rail system. You've got a growing population, a population moving towards more middle class and still very exciting, very attractive marketplace for trucks.
Timothy Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. And then just going at the margin question from a different perspective, I certainly appreciate that the emissions costs are the main driver here, but is there any impact from product mix as truckers maybe shift towards the aerodynamic trucks as well?
Mark Pigott: No. No, no, the aerodynamic trucks, which I would call the -- that's the new traditional. You can quote me on that. Everybody understands that fuel, diesel is at $4, $4.50, most likely it could go higher. We're certainly the lowest fuel cost of major markets. And no, I think the margins, there's really not a mix impact in terms of margins.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Andrew Obin of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Andrew Obin - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just going to question back on the margin question, and I know you look at your set of peers a certain way, but if you look at companies that you don't necessarily consider your peers, like Caterpillar or Deere or even C & H, if you look, they are able to earn same or higher margin on same volumes. And in your case, if I go to 3Q '08, 1Q '07, 1Q '06, we had manufacturing revenue of 37 and earnings quite a bit higher, and those companies are also facing supply constraints, massive production ramp ups and actually, they are putting in a lot of money into engine technology. In fact, they're more vertically integrated than you are. So what is happening here?
Mark Pigott: Well, first of all, they have a completely different supply base. Their industry, while it certainly has ups and downs, to be fair, didn't have major bankruptcies in the industry. And if you peel it away, and they're excellent companies, excellent companies you've mentioned.
Andrew Obin - BofA Merrill Lynch: I'll throw Volvo in the mix, too.
Mark Pigott: A bigger percent of their business is coming from outside of North America. So we can't really -- we're not in this to compare how we're doing. This is how we're doing. PACCAR is doing very, very well, and we'll continue to do well and proud of the team.
Andrew Obin - BofA Merrill Lynch: Let me just ask a modeling question then. I think you said your production rates entering 3Q will go up 5%, 10% on a sequential basis?
Mark Pigott: That is correct.
Andrew Obin - BofA Merrill Lynch: Does this include a production on a sequential basis that one of these months will be down relative to where we exited in July or August could be down relative to May, June when your production in North America because if I do the math, that's what it seems to imply.
Mark Pigott: Well, we have a 2-week schedule summer shutdown at DAF in Europe. So that obviously has an impact.
Andrew Obin - BofA Merrill Lynch: And North America?
Mark Pigott: No. Steady as she goes.
Andrew Obin - BofA Merrill Lynch: So no production declines in North America in July?
Mark Pigott: Well, I can't say. We're still in July and working with suppliers, but we're looking for overall increase in production for the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kristine Kubacki of Avondale Partners.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC: I was just thinking that given the backlog over the overall industry and the supply constraints, that pricing would be moving up a little bit more aggressively, I guess, across the industry, and I understand that the fleets being the big buyers right now are driving a hard bargain, but are you seeing anything in your competition that is maybe utilizing pricing out there more than you'd like them to be?
Mark Pigott: Kristine, I've been doing this for 32 years, and PACCAR has always been the premium priced, premium quality supplier to the industry, and that's what we focus on. What our competitors do with their pricing is always just something we live with.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC: I thought I'd try. Then I guess my final question is are your build slots for North America are full for the full year, especially in the fourth quarter or do you have any room there if the supply chain can handle it?
Mark Pigott: We have some openings in the fourth quarter.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC: How about the third quarter?
Mark Pigott: In the third quarter, we're pretty much filled up, yes, but if you want that truck, we can get it to you in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ben Elias of Sterne Agee.
Ben Elias - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: I just wanted to follow up on your comments about your European forecast, you took that up. I was wondering where you're seeing strength or weakness geographically and what's really driving that?
Mark Pigott: Well, I think that's a good question. It's fairly straightforward obviously. Northern Europe is going to be stronger than Southern Europe. And I think that's -- Central Europe is pretty good. I was just in Central Europe a few weeks ago, and the economies are in reasonable shape. DAF, you may not know this, but DAF is number one in share in Hungary, Poland and the Czech Republic. And those economies are pretty good, so that's really sort of the short answer.
Ben Elias - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Okay, but is the growth in those new economies sort of outpacing the recovery or replacement in the old economies? Or are you seeing better replacement of lead replenishment in the more Western and Northern countries?
Mark Pigott: Well, I think typically you've seen a little bit faster GDP growth in Central Europe. With the unevenness and the challenges facing the Eurozone right now, a lot of these are starting to vary, but the markets where we're strong, and of course, we're quite strong in all the markets. We're gaining share even in a down market. I'd say the good thing about DAF is we're in all those major markets and able to benefit. Obviously, Germany is the big economic engine for all of Europe and perhaps U.K. has a good economy although having some challenges now.
Ben Elias - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: And you're not facing the same supply chain issues in Europe?
Mark Pigott: That is correct. That's a very good point.
Ben Elias - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Okay. Second question, it's been a while since you introduced disc brakes as standard equipment on I think the Peterbilt line. Have you been able to...
Mark Pigott: This year. It was this year.
Ben Elias - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: This year. Okay. Well, have you noticed any change in customer purchasing when it comes to these products on the Peterbilt side or...
Mark Pigott: I think customers are very happy with them. Obviously, they're standard in Europe. And so the recognizable benefits of the shorter stopping distance is better achieved by the disc brakes. And I think over time, the North American industry will be moving more towards disc brakes.
Ben Elias - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Okay. But you're not sort of putting them on the Kenworth trucks, are you?
Mark Pigott: They're selectively as an option if that's what you'd like.
Ben Elias - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Okay. And what's the adoption rate there?
Mark Pigott: I don't have that exact number for you. But if you’d like to order one, I can get it for you.
Ben Elias - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: The information? Or the brakes?
Mark Pigott: No, the actual truck.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David Leiker of Baird.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Just 2 last items here on margins, I want to come out at a little bit different. If we look at the ability to recover the price of the emission changes, is that something that you think is unable to be recouped at all in the cycle, or do we just need to get volumes back up to 275, 300, 325 and you're able to recoup that? What's your thought on that?
Mark Pigott: Well, as we've mentioned a number of times, as the general economy improves, and if that drives a market to 300, which would be very significant increase, I would say that probably reflects a much stronger general economy, which we have seen in the past, usually allows higher margins in a whole host of industries, and that would be a good thing.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Okay. And then the second item that's related to that, then given how difficult the downturn was on the supply chain, in an environment where we would see volumes march up like that, do these supply chains issues become a constant issue over 2- or 3-year period as we get a recovery? Or are these things that can get fixed and then things are okay?
Mark Pigott: Well, even in boom times, and we certainly have seen many of those, each company has its own cycle, if you will. And in boom times, we've seen companies go out of business. We've seen acquisition of supplier companies. But those are boom times that gets exacerbated obviously with slowdown. And remember, our industry went down 70%, 7-0 from the peak to the trough. That is pretty tough. So I think companies that have made it through on the supply side would love to have higher volumes and but each company makes its own decision, so when we say the supplier industry, we're sort of generously lumping everybody together but within that 800 or 1,000 different suppliers, each one has its own story. If there's a lot more volume for an extended period of time, I think it's fair to say the general supplier industry will do better. But that doesn't mean there aren't 1,000 different stories.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And then on the margin side, are you seeing any margin impacts from either efficiency issues, productivity issues, launching the MX engine, anything along those lines that are drags on margins as well?
Mark Pigott: No. In fact, quite the opposite. The efficiency, PACCAR being a leader on Six Sigma and 5S is actually making a positive contribution to the truck margin, which I've said has gone from 5% to 8.1%. So I give the plants and our teams there a lot of credit for their contribution.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Okay. And then lastly, with bringing the MX engine over here and the new plant, is that a drag on margin now in terms of where your manufacturing levels are and...
Mark Pigott: No.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Importing products from Europe to make that engine, does that have any negative impact?
Mark Pigott: Not really. No, it's a benefit. It's a benefit to have our own engine. Our customers love it. We love it, and we're looking for very exciting ongoing development.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: If you're running at the penetration rate that you are, wouldn't you have some manufacturing inefficiencies or not?
Mark Pigott: No. Because if you were -- toured the factory, I can't remember have you toured our Mississippi factory?
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: I have not been through it yet.
Mark Pigott: Okay. Well, when you do, I'm sure you'll love it. But we purposely designed it so that we could bring in by component at different production levels the machinery we needed. So you have different thresholds of production. So we anticipated that we'd be at approximately these levels. We have machinery to support it. As the market increases, we certainly have the room inside the factory to bring in the next threshold amount of equipment. So it's all aligned.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Barry Haimes of Sage.
Barry Haimes - Sage Asset Management: My question has been answered.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Sponheimer of Gabelli.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Two quick questions. Just would you say that the supply chain issues got better as the quarter progressed?
Mark Pigott: As the quarter progressed, generally, probably a good statement I guess.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay. And just looking at -- we've spent plenty of time on the supply chain during the call, and I appreciate the clarity there, but you've talked about economic uncertainty, but you also talked about basically having your build slots filled for the balance of the year.
Mark Pigott: I said the third quarter.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay. So there's the -- if I'm thinking about the 20,000 unit drop in the range for the balance of the year, you're thinking that the fourth quarter is really where you may see some order cancellation and the potential to have some drag on volumes?
Mark Pigott: No. It's a good question, but not quite right. What we're saying is the industry won't build in retail as many as we thought 6 months ago. So we're not talking about cancellations. We're just talking about fewer trucks will be built and retailed.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay. I think we're thinking about the same thing, but...
Mark Pigott: There's no cancellations.
R. Armstrong: So the retails were 83,000 in the first half, and to get to our range, they have to be roughly 110,000.
Mark Pigott: So they have to go up 30%. So it's completely the inverse of your question.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay. So the lead time right now is less than 3 months as far as if I wanted to purchase a truck.
Mark Pigott: Let's call it 3 months.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay. All right. Clearly, we’ll have more clarity on this by September?
Mark Pigott: Absolutely.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Regan of Levin Capital.
Michael Regan - Janus Capital: Well, first, I’ll start with a comment. Part of the confusion around free cash flow is while you've made some great steps in terms of the income statement and balance sheet in terms of breaking out the manufacturing from the finance business, it would really help if you did the same on the cash flow statement, and then you wouldn't get those questions.
Mark Pigott: We like the questions, but thank you for your insight. We appreciate it.
Michael Regan - Janus Capital: Okay. And more importantly, I think you’ve made it very clear that and you said it that the issue around gross margins has more to do with regulatory costs than it does with supplier. To me, that means, and quite frankly, Mark, I've never seen a machining business, heavy machining, heavy machinery that has better gross margins than an assembly business. So to me, what's different is as you ramp up the engine production in Mississippi, while your customers love it and all those things are good, on a gross margin level, it's got to be lower, maybe not significantly, but it's got to be lower than the traditional assembly businesses. And that might change over time when spare parts and parts become a bigger part of the business. But at least for right now, it's more of a secular issue as that mix shifts than it is cyclical relative to where we are in production or where we are with suppliers.
Mark Pigott: In the numbers we're talking about, it's just not that big an impact.
Michael Regan - Janus Capital: Okay. But again, the only thing that's different about PACCAR today versus PACCAR of the '08, '09, '10 where other people wanted to compare like-for-like volumes or revenues to today and competition that's had close to peak margins versus you guys, the only thing that's different is, today, you're a bigger manufacturer, heavy manufacturing where you always used to be -- the beauty of the PACCAR business model was assembly. And to me, that's the only thing I can see. So that's why I believe it's more of this secular shift towards making your own engines.
Mark Pigott: Well, actually, in '08 '09, of course, DAF was also a part of PACCAR, an important part of PACCAR. And they're vertically integrated. So that really hasn't shifted. What's changed is in '07, '08, it's a very strong economic environment, a lot of people making a lot of money. Margins were high. And you didn't have the overlay of these large costs. So if we get back to a GDP of 3%, 4% growth here and the market is as one of your fellow analysts said at 300,000, I would expect there will be some improvement in the margins.
Michael Regan - Janus Capital: But to your point about the overlay of large costs, there are larger costs associated with engine regulation, engine changes that are needed to have to be invested in than there are with the overall truck, and I think that supports my thesis around gross margins for the engine business versus assembly.
Mark Pigott: Well, I think we don't agree, but I appreciate your viewpoint.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Nolan of Deutsche Bank.
Michael Levin - Deutsche Bank AG: It's actually Mike Levin filling in for Pat this morning. Just had a minor follow-up. I just wanted to know if your comment around chassis components, the shortage there was specifically relating to you guys or just the industry in general?
Mark Pigott: I'd say almost all of these supplier components relate to the industry.
Michael Levin - Deutsche Bank AG: And it's also a factor for you as well, would you say…
Mark Pigott: Yes, sure. We're part of the industry.
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Robin Easton: I’d just like to thank everyone for their excellent questions, and thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-04-21 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Robin Easton - CFO Mark Pigott - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Thomas Plimpton - Vice Chairman and Principal Financial Officer
Analysts: Tim Denoyer - Wolf Trahan Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Basili Alukos - Morningstar J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co. Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley Ben Elias - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc. Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Andrew Obin - BofA Merrill Lynch Jamie Cook - Crédit Suisse AG
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Mr. Robin Easton, PACCAR's Treasurer. Mr. Easton, please go ahead.
Robin Easton: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Robin Easton, Treasurer of PACCAR. And joining me this morning are Mark Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Plimpton, Vice Chairman; and Michael Barkley, Vice President, Controller. As with prior conference calls, if there are members of the media participating, we request that they participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Mark Pigott.
Mark Pigott: Good morning. PACCAR reported improved revenues in net income for the fourth quarter of 2010. PACCAR's fourth quarter sales and financial services revenue were $3 billion compared to $2.2 billion in the fourth quarter of 2009. Quarterly net income increased to $170 million compared to $46 million a year ago, a 370% improvement. PACCAR's 2010 yearly net income of $458 million is the company's 72nd consecutive year of net profit, quite an achievement. I'm very proud of our 17,700 employees who have delivered outstanding performance to our shareholders and customers in a global economy which is beginning to emerge from recession.  PACCAR's results reflect the benefits of higher truck deliveries, particularly in Europe and Mexico, and a continued improvement in aftermarket part sales and financial services worldwide.  In the U.S. and Canada, industry orders in the fourth quarter of 2010 increased by 100% compared to the third quarter. U.S. and Canadian retail truck sales are estimated to improve in 2011 to a range of 180,000 to 200,000 units, an increase from the 126,000 units last year. This is still below replacement demand of 225,000 vehicles. European truck registrations for the fourth quarter improved by 19% compared to the third quarter. As a result, we expect the greater than 15-ton truck market to be between 220,000 to 240,000 units this year, up from 183,000 units last year.  The improving global economy is benefiting the truck market, no doubt about it. PACCAR delivered 20% more trucks in the fourth quarter than the third quarter of 2010, and truck production is expected to increase this year.  However, recent commodity price increases, particularly steel, aluminum and copper, and the added cost of installing engine emission equipment over the last three years, particularly the 2007 to 2010 EPA cycles, added costs of about $15,000, which will likely impact PACCAR's operating margins as compared to prior cycles. On recent calls, I've talked about the three-step process that the truck industry progresses through as it recovers from a recession. First is an improvement in parts and service, second is an increase in used truck prices, and third is new truck orders improving.  Well, the good news is that PACCAR parts delivered record quarterly revenues due to the highest average age in recent history in the U.S. truck fleet. Used truck prices in North America are up 10% to 15% from their lows and used truck prices in Europe are up 20% from their lows. And finally, year-on-year, quarterly industry truck orders in the U.S. and Canada increased by 63% and in Europe by 86%. Our customers are benefiting from improved freight volumes which were up 4% from a year ago, and higher freight rates which were up approximately 5%. They continue to increase the utilization of their fleets which is, in turn, driving increased aftermarket parts and service business for our dealers.  PACCAR's strong balance sheet and positive operating cash flow of $1.5 billion last year that allowed the company to accelerate its investment in the business, enhance operating efficiency and develop innovative new products, such as the PACCAR MX diesel engine. We have now received over 10,000 orders for the MX engine. The engine is being installed in 25% of Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks, and the feedback from our customers has been excellent. PACCAR Financial Services revenue were $244 million in the fourth quarter compared to $255 million a year ago. PACCAR Financial's fourth quarter pretax income improved to $50 million compared to $36 million earned in Q4 2009. This was due to better finance margins and reduction in the provision for credit losses. The credit loss provision for the fourth quarter 2010 were $12.6 million compared to $23.7 million a year ago. 2010, in many ways, was an excellent year for new PACCAR product introductions. The success of the Kenworth T700 and the Peterbilt Model 587 and the complete line of DAF vocational vehicles enhances our quality leadership, as well as delivering low cost of ownership for our customers.  In 2011, PACCAR will more than double capital expenditures. The company will focus on new vehicle development, customer service initiatives, meeting the Euro 6 and EPA 2013 emission requirements and global business opportunities. One of the primary areas we will focus this year is initiating construction of our DAF factory in Brazil. Our long-term goal is DAF achieving a 20% share of the Brazilian medium and heavy-duty truck market. A lot of exciting opportunities. PACCAR will incur some increased expenses due to these business initiatives. But as we all know, that's normal, considering the benefits of growing in the global markets.  Looks like a good year. I look forward to your questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Robert Wertheimer of Morgan Stanley.
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: A couple of questions on the awards data that just came out, and then I know the monthly stuff is highly variable, but your vertical integration it slipped just a bit. I wanted to see what the 15-liter, 13-liter was trending like? And whether you feel like that's going to continue to move your way?
Mark Pigott: Well, it's hard to talk about the whole industry, but I can tell you the customers and the dealers certainly love the MX engine. And we're getting anywhere from 25% to 30% order intake on that. And right now, we have about 25% production. So it looks very good. 13 liters, the most popular configuration in the rest of the world, 15-liter, with our great partner, Cummins Engine, continues to be a strong player. But I think over time, you'll see a little bit more 13-liter activity.
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: And then the second question is this, on the margin front, with the '10 trucks, I understand the increased cost commissions but there's also pricing that went up. Has pricing become more of an issue? Can you quantify how much of a margin headwind is, splitting up commodities for a second, just the emission side of this?
Mark Pigott: Well, the commodities and obviously in the paper and many industries are running in and out. And obviously, PACCAR prides itself from being the most efficient and low-cost manufacturer in every market in which we participate. And so you work with your suppliers and try to minimize the impact of commodities. And over time, hopefully, you're able to do that. But in recent three to six months, has had an impact to some amount. I think more important is the impact on the emission requirements. And once again, that's a regulatory requirement, which we all need in the industry. In '07 and '10 added about $15,000 of cost, and I think you'll find any OEM saying about that same figure. The market happened to be in a recession in the last few years, so it's very difficult to pass that through. I think on the supplier side, they've had a little more success passing through to the OEM, but when we deal with the end customer, who has some difficult times whether because their business is down or freight rates are down, it's just much more difficult to pass that $15,000 through.
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: Do you think that the pass-through could get easier throughout the year if the economy continue to recover and you see an upswing, continued upswing, let's say in orders? Or you think you're kind of waiting, you're done in pricing for the year?
Mark Pigott: Well, never say never. And we obviously look forward to improved economy in many markets. But that's quite a bit to try to pass through. I think it's going to take time, and that could be several years.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ann Duignan of JPMorgan.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I just wanted to touch on the emissions cost up also, but more thinking about the upcoming cost for Euro 6. Could you comment a little bit, you mentioned the cost will be going up to contend with that? Can you talk about kind of the expense cost, the R&D cost, the CapEx cost, just the different kind of costs, the elements that we're going to see to meet Euro 6?
Mark Pigott: Well, Euro 6, we've been working on that, obviously, for a couple of years, and that's coming in, in a few years. We are increasing our R&D and the CapEx to meet some of the requirements to meet Euro 6, as well as EPA 2013. A little tough to quantify. I think in Europe, we have a little more flexibility in terms of some price movement, which tends to cover a little bit more of those cost increases. But in the U.S., with a little bit more rapid introduction cycles, it's been just a little harder to pass through those costs.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then on the Brazil strategy, can you talk a little bit about what your strategy is for distribution? We think about building manufacturing plants, great, but it's all about distribution. What's your plan for distribution in Brazil?
Mark Pigott: Right. Well, we've gotten public with the announcement that we're going to be putting in a factory . And I tend to agree with you that people can build factories pretty straightforward. We pride ourselves at building great factories. The distribution is a several-pronged approach. First of all, we've had quite a few independent inquiries from different groups, whether they're currently representing a competitor of ours in the marketplace or they're in a related field, say agricultural; or maybe new entrants from other parts of South America, Mexico, and even Europe, who said we recognize the advantages of having a DAF franchise. It's a very profitable franchise. We make a lot of investments for our dealers, which benefit our dealers. So we're finding a much more broad-based support from different constituents in helping us put distribution into place in Brazil. It's very encouraging.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And so the key takeaway, I think, what you're saying is that your long-term market your target of 20% is long term?
Mark Pigott: Yes, long term. Like we've talked about in Europe, and now we're up to 15.2%, so that's the goal.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Yes, but did acquire some of that share in Europe as opposed to...
Mark Pigott: Probably about 6% of it.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: You mentioned how customers and dealers love the new MX engines. Can you talk about any feedback you're getting on fuel efficiency versus the '07?
Mark Pigott: I think the fuel efficiency in anywhere from 3% to 5% on the '07. So it's positive. And of course, we also have the benefit of great reliability. Very quiet, as I think you've found when you drove it a few months ago at our tech center.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Indeed.
Mark Pigott: Easy to operate. So it's really going well.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Easy to operate will be the...
Mark Pigott: That's your main takeaway.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Mark, you highlighted rising material costs in your prepared remarks, but can you touch on the pricing landscape. I guess, considering how much used equipment values have recovered in both North America and Europe, I would think the pricing discussion should be relatively easy for you relative to your customers. Can you give us an update on what kind of pricing actions you're seeing in the marketplace out of your competitors? And are you optimistic that you can push the recent raw material inflation through on the pricing side?
Mark Pigott: Good question. I think you summed it up, actually, pretty well. That we're seeing some price improvement, I say generally, although on any particular deal there's always a lot of to-ing and fro-ing. Over the course of the year, we hope to be able to recover material price increases, whether it's through efficiency in our factory, we've got a lot of Six Sigma projects going on; or through general improvement in pricing, which I think every competitor would like to see some improvement.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And as you ramp up production in the Mississippi plant, as we think about the cost savings on the content, should we just think of the, call it, 5% to 8% logistics cost savings as the biggest opportunity there? Or are there any absorption benefits that we'd be losing in Europe that we should be thinking about as we try to quantify the margin rate for that business going forward?
Mark Pigott: Yes, I think, of course, Europe continues to be a supplier to Mississippi, although that is, over time, will diminish. So I don't think there's no negative impact in terms of the absorption in Europe. Yes, it's getting more efficient in Mississippi. We'd love to show you around, if you get a chance to get down there. And of course the real benefit is reduced cost of installing the engine. You've got more of an integrated powertrain, that helps our manufacturing efficiency. You also have the back end, with the parts and service, so that helps our dealers and our Parts business. And also, maybe even gets a little bit of a finer point when we're out unleashing deals, in terms of residual values and the value of operating the vehicles. I think that's the real benefit. There's some logistics benefit, but I think that's just one of many.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And lastly, can you give us an update on your backlog in Europe at the end of the quarter? And also, you picked up some share over the course of 2010, so should we look for Europe build rates for DAF to be higher than your guidance for the industry in 2011?
Mark Pigott: Well, of course, the build rate at DAF over the last year is up, gosh, almost 100%. So that's a pretty significant increase. Obviously, the market is stronger. The share has increased, and we're looking to have some steady share increase during this year. In a rising market, everybody is out grabbing share as fast as they can. But we continue to have strong dealers, appoint a few more dealers. And I think DAF will, obviously, grow a lot more trucks this year than it did last year. But maybe some moderate share increase at DAF is the plan.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of J.B. Groh of D.A. Davidson.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co.: You talked about commodity prices and touched on that a little bit. Is there any way to kind of defend yourself? Or what sort of hedging mechanisms do you have in place to kind of stem the rise in some of these oil-based products?
Mark Pigott: Yes, that's a great question. I mean, I think like most companies, you take a look at what you can hedge. We tend to focus more on having over 70% of our suppliers on long-term agreements, so that there's some hedging built into those agreements in terms of cost sharing and efficiency. And I think as I've mentioned over the last number of years, we actually go out and work with our suppliers on trying to help make them more efficient, whether it's installing capital equipment, which we retain ownership of in their factories; doing Six Sigma programs with them. And they're trying to offset some of the costs that even our suppliers are unable to control. So it's a teamwork approach. And I think, over time, it's worked very, very well.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co.: So there's nothing explicit in place. It's more of a PSA, "pain-sharing agreement?"
Mark Pigott: I've not heard that particular term. We look at it as a "productivity-sharing agreement."
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co.: And then on a lot of talk on the CSA 2010 and hours-of-service agreements and those sort of things. What are your customers saying about that? And sort of thoughts on how that impacts their buying patterns and, eventually, your business?
Mark Pigott: Yes, I mean it's a good long-term question. I'm not sure it's having any impact right now in terms of more regulations impacting drivers, type of drivers, the background of the drivers. I think, overall, it's going to be positive for the industry. There's, once again, some fleets or some areas may have a little bit more up and down than others, but it's a great industry. Sometimes it's difficult to be on the road a long time, that's why we want to make a great product. I think we're working with ATA and other groups in making sure that they're fair, thoughtful industry changes to the regulations. And I think it'll all turn out okay.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co.: In the past, you kind of mentioned your premium brand is a driver-retention tool, and I'm just thinking of driver shortages and that sort of impact...
Mark Pigott: I think that's a good point. And of course, with all the new products that we introduced in the last year, including our own engine, we are seeing, I guess, a renewed driver-retention tool. And people love our products and are very supportive with the products. But I think for the whole industry, in general, we'll get to an equilibrium because you've got to move the freight. Either we'll have to pay the drivers more, or maybe people have to buy more PACCAR product to entice the drivers to come back into the industry. But either way, we'll work through it.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Henry Kirn of UBS.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: Since you called out some headwinds from emission costs over the next cycle compared with last cycle, how should we be thinking about achievable margins this time around?
Mark Pigott: Excellent question, Henry. Well, I think just looking at this year 2011 in terms of margins, I think there'll be probably comparable to fourth quarter of 2010, give or take. Obviously, we work hard to keep trying to improve the margins, over time we do. But as we've talked to some of the earlier questions, these are real cost impacts. We're still not just a booming economy, particularly in North America. And customers are thinking about how can we get even better value and how can we keep the pricing down when we purchase new equipment. I mean they love our equipment, but they can't pass that through to their end customers. So it's just a little bit slower process. We're probably not in a recession, but you've got 9.4%, 9.6% unemployment and housing at a 50-year low, and cars improving but still at a 20-year low. There's some challenges out there for many industries.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: And as far as parts, what do you expect in your Parts business for 2011?
Mark Pigott: We are looking to grow our Parts business around the world. I think there was a nice picture in the press release of our new facility we have in Santiago, Chile. And so that's providing our customers and dealers even better service. I think our Parts business should have some improvement. We've got the highest field population of PACCAR trucks in our history. We've got great dealers who are profitable and investing in new stores, in new technologies. So I don't have a specific number, but I think that's some improvement.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: And one final housekeeping one, if I may. How should we think about the tax rate as we go into 2011?
Thomas Plimpton: You should anticipate the tax rate to be in the 31%, 32% range for the year.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Andy Casey of Wells Fargo Securities.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: I guess it kind of dovetails with Henry's question on the margins. You gave granularity on R&D. Can you talk about any incremental administrative expense related to the global growth initiatives vis-a-vis the past cycles? And is that material at all during 2011?
Mark Pigott: I'd say not so much in terms of -- I mean, we'll add some expenses. we're going to be hiring people because we have these different globally initiatives, SG&A. And we're also ramping up. We have a lot of exciting new projects we're working on so that takes some more people, whether they're new people or hiring people back that we had to let go in the last few years. It has some impact, but I won't read too much into that.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And then on the incremental cost related to installing the internally produced engines, is that primarily warranty accrual expense? And if so, does that go down as a percent total revenue during the year, not volume-adjusted, but kind of flattish?
Mark Pigott: I'm not sure I understood that. But if I didn't understand it, the cost to install our engine is -- it's less expensive to install our engine than a third-party engine.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: I understood, in the release, you called out some incremental costs associated with that related to moderate -- moderation on the overall margins. I'm just wondering where that is coming from.
Mark Pigott: Yes, that was related to, primarily, the cost to purchase the componentry to meet the emission regulations. So the DAFs and the bracketry and just the myriad of equipment that needs to go on to the engine to meet the EPA regulations. Yes, there's a little bit of additional cost to install it, but the vast majority is the equipment, itself, the after-treatment, things like that.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Adam Uhlman of Cleveland Research.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: Mark, just a clarification on Henry's question earlier about margins in 2011. Were you speaking to gross margins or operating margin or incremental margin being similar to the fourth quarter? Which one?
Mark Pigott: Yes, I think we're talking about the gross margin line to be comparable to the fourth quarter.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: And then could you also talk about -- with builds expected to ramp up pretty materially here in North America in 2011, are you seeing any indications from your suppliers that we might have problems meeting that increased demand?
Mark Pigott: We're looking at 2011 production. It's 5%, 10% improvement in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter. And we stay very close to our suppliers. We have about 800 total global suppliers. I'd say, generally, they're reading the tea leaves as well as we are. And they're hiring people and increasing their capacity, or maybe getting their capacity back onstream, which they might have reduced during the recession. Every day there's something that keeps our production people busy in terms of suppliers. But generally, great suppliers, and everybody recognizes an opportunity to improve business, so they're making the investment to do that. Right now, I think it's steady as she goes.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Volkmann of Jefferies & Company.
Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Wondering if we can talk just for a minute about the Finance business, which was better than what I was expecting on the quarter. You mentioned margins were a little better. Is there a change happening there that we should think about that as a better business going forward, or is there something temporary there?
Mark Pigott: I think the Finance business has always been a very steady business for PACCAR. Obviously, as our customers see improved business conditions, they're getting a little bit more margin. A number of our customers are obviously publicly traded transport companies, and you can see that their margins are improving, their profits are improving. Perhaps not to the record levels that any of us saw three, four years ago, but steady business. The general economy, GDP growth, 2%, 3%. That's good for them. So I think in terms of any of the downside of the Finance business, obviously, there will always be some customers that might get into difficulty. But our reserves are good, and I think we're just seeing some improvements overall. More business. In fact, the assets are growing in the Finance business.
Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Would you expect margins in that business to be better in 2011 than they were in 2010?
Mark Pigott: Let's say they're going to be comparable, maybe slightly better. But yes. I think the big improvement is, obviously, less losses, credit issues and growing business. As the economy is improving during the recession, we saw a number of competitors in the finance world exit. Some of them are now dipping their toe back in, and you've got more competitors. Some of them come in at some lower rates, so that's always a challenge. But of course, another benefit is we've seen good improvement in used trucks. In fact, speaking of that, it wasn't in our press release, but we are building our third used truck center in Salt Lake, working through the snow. But that's gong to be very good. And I think PACCAR has been a real technology innovator in terms of the used truck programs online, and that's really added to the breadth of what our dealers can offer to our end customers. And that's very exciting. So Finance business, very good business. Lease business, very good. We're even seeing good improvement in Europe for our Lease and Finance business.
Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And it seems like you still probably have more cash on your balance sheet than you need to run the business. Any evolution in your thinking about what you'll ultimately do with that?
Mark Pigott: Well, that question didn't come up the last two years and people didn't have any cash. We've got just the right amount. Obviously, we have a program of steadily increasing our dividends, which you've seen. And we've got a lot of new product-development programs. We're doubling the CapEx. We're going into Brazil. And if there's an opportunity on the M&A side, we'll always take a look at it. So I think we're well positioned.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook - Crédit Suisse AG: Believe it or not, another question on margins, but it's longer term. I appreciate the margin headwinds in the short term. But as you historically, PACCAR's been a company that's always improved their margins peak-to-peak. As you look at the headwinds, the cycle, when we think about the material costs, when we think about emissions, and then the costs that you're going to have to grow globally and you offset that with efficiencies in the engine and higher service aftermarket. I mean, do you think that -- I mean, you'll still be able to surpass prior peak margins like we've done every other cycle? Or is there something different this cycle that would suggest that, that's not achievable anymore?
Mark Pigott: Our goal is obviously to set records. And certainly, our goal is to achieve higher margins. And we are putting many elements of business in place to do that. I think you accurately summarized that there will be some additional costs, but there'll also be some additional business profit and margin opportunities. So certainly, our goal is to continue to improve, and we have achieved that for 105 years, and we're going to keep doing that going forward. Just on a simple note, and I think we talked about this a few months ago, Brazil, which is a good market, and obviously we know South America, although we don't have a presence as such in Brazil is typically regarded as the highest margins in the world for the truck business. And as you follow a number of our competitors, you'll see that called out, or you can deduce that very clearly that, that's where they get the majority of the profit. In some cases, the only place they get their profit, so I think that will have some benefit.
Jamie Cook - Crédit Suisse AG: Next question, what do you assume your adoption rate for the MX engine is next year? How should we think about that relative to this year?
Mark Pigott: Well, we've got, as I indicated earlier, we're getting 25% to 35% share. It varies by month depending on fleets we get. But we're looking over time to get that up towards 50%. It's going to take a year or two or three, but that's certainly the goal. And we're way ahead of our schedule. As I said, the customers and the dealers love it.
Jamie Cook - Crédit Suisse AG: So the high end of the 25% to 35% probably is an unreasonable in 2011?
Mark Pigott: Well, I mean, we've only been in the business out of Mississippi since last summer.
Jamie Cook - Crédit Suisse AG: But you guys are PACCAR, you can do anything.
Mark Pigott: But it's going to take us six months of history and try to overlay it. But certainly, 25% to 30% is a reasonable expectation.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Patrick Nolan of Deutsche Bank.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG: Just a couple of quick ones. I apologize if I missed this first one, but can you give us the regional change in production in the fourth quarter?
Mark Pigott: The regional, okay. Well let's see.North America, you're talking about fourth quarter to third quarter?
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Whatever you guys have. I can figure it out.
Mark Pigott: Well, I'd say fourth quarter to third quarter for North America was flattish. And in Europe, it was up by about 30%, 40%. That's fourth to third.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG: And also, I mean, it's been really helpful that you guys have been giving detail how the Parts business have been tracking when you break down the margins. What was the Parts business margin in the quarter? And what was the year-over-year change in revenue?
Mark Pigott: Let's get back to you off-line on that. We'll give you the numbers on that, okay?
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG: My last question is more of the longer-term question. When you think about -- I mean, you guys have historically been able to price your products arguably better than your competitors. And you've had a price agreement because of that.
Mark Pigott: Because we've delivered better products.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG: Yes, absolutely. But I mean, when you think about your comment that margins may not exceed the previous peak, or may not even reach that level...
Mark Pigott: I didn't say that. I said that we're hoping they will.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG: So you mean, is your assumption that your pricing premium will hold?
Mark Pigott: I think our pricing premium will improve. Because we now have our own engine, which is a big contributor. Also we have a broader range of products. We're coming out with new products, faster than our competitors.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG: And when you think about the incremental margin in the fourth quarter, it came off -- it's a little bit lower than it was in the third. Is that mainly because the raw material hit -- started hitting you and there's more of the EPO '10 costs coming through in the fourth quarter, as you're completely '10 engines by that point?
Mark Pigott: Yes, there might be an element of that.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tim Denoyer of Wolfe Trahan.
Tim Denoyer - Wolf Trahan: Question on the Parts. I'm kind of following up, I was wondering, do you want to give the revenue offline? Or is that -- can you give us the fourth quarter revenue?
Mark Pigott: Fourth quarter revenue, $597 million, fourth quarter 2010.
Tim Denoyer - Wolf Trahan: And in terms of the gross margin?
Mark Pigott: A little over 34%.
Tim Denoyer - Wolf Trahan: And within Parts, how does it break down geographically? Is it similar to the Truck business mix, or is there more in one region of the world? I'm wondering what's growing faster and if there's any impact, potentially, from CSA 2010, which seems to be driving some maintenance?
Mark Pigott: Well, it's reflective of the amount of product we have out there. It's a complicated question. We have the benefit in Europe of having perhaps higher margins because they've had more of a vertically integrated approach. We have the PACCAR engine and the PACCAR axle, so there's a benefit there. On the other side, you got probably more Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks around, it's an older fleet in North America, so there's a benefit there. I'd say -- so both are strong markets for us.
Tim Denoyer - Wolf Trahan: In proportion to the truck revenue, would you say that there's more parts revenue in U.S. and Canada just because that's a more established market?
Mark Pigott: Yes, definitely. There's more trucks running around, too.
Tim Denoyer - Wolf Trahan: One more question just in terms of the sequential production, it seems like Europe ramped up in the quarter a lot more than North America. Do you expect that to kind of reverse going into the first quarter and North America to pick up, I think, maybe you said 5% pick up?
Mark Pigott: Yes, about 5% to 10%. I think North America on a percentage term, probably may pick up a little bit more than Europe, but we see Europe improving also. There'll be some interesting stories written about the recovery comparing Europe to North America in many industries, because they obviously both got hit by a pretty difficult recession. But we've just seen a lot faster ramp-up in the truck industry in Europe than in North America. Part of it didn't have the housing bubble. Part of it was different governments had incentive programs to sort of keep their economies going. So Europe's had a little faster recovery than North America.
Operator: Your next question is from Andrew Obin of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Andrew Obin - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just a question on your comment regarding gross margin throughout 2011 being similar to Q4. Assuming that we are going to start raising North American production sometime in the spring, why would gross margin not benefit from improved absorption? And to that also, you guys cut a ton of cost during the downturn, you shut down a big facility. You're vertically integrated in North America, so you're definitely getting benefit from capacity absorption in Europe. How does it work that margins will be flat throughout the year? I'm just not exactly sure how the math works?
Thomas Plimpton: Well, one thing to keep in mind is that the incremental margin on truck sales is lower than that of part sales, and the growth is going to be on the truck sales side. And so you're going to have a waiting effect because of the relative margins between truck and parts, so that comes into play. So while truck margins are going to be going go up, as a percentage of the total, the overall margin is going to be on the flat side as a percentage. Margin dollars will grow, of course, as sales go up.
Mark Pigott: And I think also, all the other point you indicated, obviously, we are the low cost. We are getting the benefits of integrated. There are more, maybe we'll get some pricing improvement as the economy improves across a wide range of industries. So I mean, hey, our goal is to keep improving margins. But we're just trying to share with you what's going on.
Andrew Obin - BofA Merrill Lynch: And would you quantify just for Q4? I know you didn't, but revenue went up by $500 million and profitability only went up by $50 million. Can we assume that between $50 million to $100 million of raw materials drag in the quarter?
Mark Pigott: No, no. It didn't have that much of an impact. I mean, it had a slight impact but...
Andrew Obin - BofA Merrill Lynch: So why was there no operating leverage in the quarter, then, if it wasn't raw material prices?
Mark Pigott: Well, we had an excellent quarter. I'm not quite sure of the question, because we had a great quarter-on-quarter, year-on-year improvement in income.
Andrew Obin - BofA Merrill Lynch: No, I understand. But if go and I look at the second quarter and if I look at third quarter, now there's a metric we use and I understand that's not how you run the company, but we had incremental margins of 22% and 27%, showing very strong operating leverage as volumes kept improving. And I'm not saying that there's anything wrong with this quarter, but it's also where our expectations are. I'm just trying to understand, given that your penetration of your truck engine has improved, why -- and you're now saying that there wasn't that much of raw material drag, why wasn't there sort of more bang for the buck, speaking, about it, on the volume increases in Europe in particular. That was the question.
Thomas Plimpton: I think what you're seeing is the impact of pricing in the market. I mean, it's taking a while for pricing to roll through the market and as orders get placed and delivered, it takes a while for them, the improved pricing, to run through the bottom line.
Mark Pigott: Yes, we had great improvement and excellent leverage. So just because the market goes up doesn't mean you're going to get more money for your vehicles either. It takes some time. We're still in a very tough marketplace, but we thought we did very well. Good leverage.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Basili Alukos of MorningStar.
Basili Alukos - Morningstar: Just two. The first one, anecdotally I'm hearing that the current freight rates aren't high enough to support the increase in truck purchases for the smaller owner-operators and, historically, you guys have had a big percentage, or maybe not big, but a percentage of exposure to them. And I'm wondering if you can kind of talk about the conversation that are happening, and if you're seeing owner operators decide more to kind of refab old trucks and buy used. And I know this has been, obviously, happening for a while, but now kind of how that's change versus actually being able to afford the new trucks with the higher ticket price.
Mark Pigott: It's a good question. I think you have to be a little bit careful on the anecdotal, I think some of the smaller operators that have very good customers that allow them to purchase new trucks are able to do that. Some are perhaps extending the life of their trucks another year or two in hopes that the economy will improve. And some are aligning themselves, as they have for the last 10-plus years, with larger companies to take advantage of some economies of scale in purchasing. So there has been, certainly, a trend towards more medium and large-sized fleets in North America and in Europe. I think we'll see that trend continue. But the good news is that more and more large fleets love our product. And they can do the math and understand that the low operating cost of running a PACCAR product is a real financial benefit. We're still seeing a number of our smaller customers buy product. But it's still -- it's early days.
Basili Alukos - Morningstar: So it's not a material change, I guess, this time around versus previous price increases on trucks? I guess, given how many bankruptcies there have been, it seems like there's a lot of talk that the owner-operator is dead, and it's kind of what you said, it's not good to go based on anecdotes, but you got to start somewhere.
Mark Pigott: Right. Certainly, there was about 12,000, 14,000 bankruptcies. Eight years ago, the previous recession, there was probably 3,000, 4,000, 5,000. So the people who are still operating are actually very efficient. They've been through two tough, tough recessions. And if you're a small operator and you're still operating, you've got some great customers. You know how to control your costs. You understand the cost of product and when you need to trade it in. So this is a pretty seasoned, experienced group. So I think they'll be purchasing when it makes sense for them.
Basili Alukos - Morningstar: And then one more question dealing with the market share on your 13-liter engines, it's impressive, it's running so high. From what I understand, historically, the 15-liter engine has been substantially heavier than the 13-liter engine. And obviously, that's a drag on fuel efficiency. But now as the 15-liter engine have become lighter, the fuel efficiency difference has shrunken and, obviously, the larger the engine the more powerful and I'm just wondering -- and there's been a lot of talk that the industry is going to shift to 13. And I'm just wondering how that has actually played out versus the fuel efficiency of the two engines. The differential is shrinking as well as the weight of the 15-liter engine, and how that's kind of played out with your customers now that, obviously, you have your own 13-liter engine...
Mark Pigott: Right, that's a good question. Well, there's still about a 400-pound differential between a 13- and a 15-liter. I don't think that's shrinking. I mean, everybody is trying to become more weight sensitive, if you will, on their powertrain. So if there's weight reduction on a 15-liters, there's weight reduction on a 13, 10, eight, six, whatever. Everybody's trying to reduce the weight. But it's still 400 pounds. A little bit more fuel efficient on the 13-liter. So there's some real benefits to the 13-liter, and it's less expensive to purchase.
Basili Alukos - Morningstar: I guess, what I was referring to was maybe 15 years ago, the differential was 1,000 pounds.
Mark Pigott: I'm not sure that's correct.
Basili Alukos - Morningstar: But as far as your customers coming -- I mean, the big question is, and I think you mentioned this last call, in Europe, diesel prices are equivalent of $8 and that's for a 13-liter engine review or a 13-liter equivalent is predominantly used, but in the U.S. there still isn't -- while dealer prices are higher, it's not that great. And I'm just wondering if the improvements in the fuel economy and, also, the power on the 13-liter engine, specifically yours, if that's offsetting the need for having a larger engine to a substantial degree that you might see the 13-liter engine take over in the next few years?
Mark Pigott: Well, there's a lot of advantages to the 13-liter in terms of the fuel efficiency and also the power, horsepower ratings, the ability to have an excellent life cycle. I mean, it's comparable to a 15-liter. As you've indicated, the 13-liters are used all around the world, hauling through deserts and over mountains, and for million-mile engines, that's certainly what we're selling. So North America is a little bit of a unique market. There's still a lot of people who enjoy the 15-liter. And we're proud to partner with Cummins, making an excellent 15-liter. And the good thing is we offer both of them, so our customers are happy either way.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Seth Weber of RBC.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Mark, just going back to your comments on the strength in Europe, have you noticed any improvement in the vocational market share? I know that's been an area that you've been relatively weaker.
Mark Pigott: That is a great question, Seth, thank you very much for asking that. Our entire focus at the Hanover show last September was on vocational. We're battling for the number one position in the tractor on-highway segment. But we're only about fifth place in the vocational. We are going to increase that. We've established partnerships with the major bodybuilders, vocational segment leaders throughout Europe. And that's starting to percolate out to the industry through many different countries. And our dealers are excited about it. We're establishing good customer contacts with people in vocation. So we're seeing some improvement. It will take time, just really put this as a major agenda item for our product development last September. So we're, five, six months into it. But certainly, people are aware of us offering -- or DAF offering the full line. And it's a very exciting future.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And do you think that, that would be -- I mean, would we notice any change there in 2011 in that business, or is it just too small to matter at this point?
Mark Pigott: I think it's too small. It's a much stronger market overall, but it's something that we're focused on. And we keep working it.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Just a separate question, given the strength of the balance sheet, I mean would you undertake concurrent initiatives, like while you're doing South America to also go expand your presence in Russia or Turkey, or things that you've talked about as far as a return, would you accelerate any of that?
Mark Pigott: We've been in Russia. We put it out in the press release. We've been in Russia for decades. We're expanding our sales office. It's a good market. We know the market well. We're adding dealers in Russia. So yes, we're looking all around the world. But I want to make sure everything we do, we want it to be, obviously, high quality, and as Andrew said, strive for perfection if we can. And so I want to make sure we really focus on a few items and do them very, very well.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ben Elias of Sterne Agee.
Ben Elias - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: I just want to pick up on an earlier theme that you have, the CSA and driver's retention. And just wondering what else you're offering in terms of product? I know SCR is the industry's standard and a requirement, but are you offering things like disk brakes and things like that? Are they not optional, are you just sort of trying to push that through to attract drivers, maybe get better safety scores?
Mark Pigott: Well, our Peterbilt group was really the first in the industry to make disk brakes standard on a number of their models. I applaud them for that. Obviously, disk brakes in many parts of the world are standard. In fact, they're pretty much all you can get, unless you're into a off-road or vocational application. Our cabs, the chassis, exceed all of the global safety standards. And but I think the real benefit for our customers are the low cost of operations, the quality, the pride of all of our product. That's what draws people to a Kenworth of Peterbilt or a DAF. And they'd get all of that and great service, incredible residual value. We love seeing these used-truck prices going up, and many, many auctions we're finding our products are worth 25% more than the competitors on a like-for-like basis. That's a real contributor to the economic decision when you purchase a PACCAR product.
Ben Elias - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: From what I understand, in the U.S., there's great emphasis or greater use of drum brakes. So all you're saying is people are moving to disk brakes, I mean, certainly you're offering it as standard equipment, but are you -- now that freight rates are up and the economy's improving, and I think truck purchases are improving and your core segment's coming back, are you seeing more discretionary spending on some of these add-ons, I mean, if we sort of continued the theme, maybe just safety products, are you seeing more of these components being installed? Or how do we understand higher margin...
Mark Pigott: That's a good question. Obviously, we're seeing our Parts business improve, and a lot of that has been driven by an older population of vehicles out there. But there is some improvement in discretionary. Some of it is safety-related. Some of it is feature and benefit. Some of it just luxury led. Some people just say, I want it a little more comfortable, maybe I'll add a few more gauges or have some more pieces of chrome to highlight my vehicle, make it distinctive. So we're seeing some of that, but I think people are still recognizing that we're still in some challenging times, so they're -- people are thinking about it before they are purchasing.
Ben Elias - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: And does safety come back before luxury? Or how does it is generally work?
Mark Pigott: I think there have probably libraries written on that.The good news is that we like to be a leader on both.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Kristine Kubacki of Avondale Partners.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC: Just a quick question. North American production, I guess, isn't as up as much as what I would've thought in the first quarter. Can I infer, then, that the order strength that we've seen in the last few months, are they being spotted for later the year? And I guess, is this normal behavior for fleet at this point, to spread the orders over 2011?
Mark Pigott: I'd say yes to all your questions. We are going to be increasing production. And we're saying 5% to 10%. It might be a little bit more than that. Certainly, could be 15%-plus in North America for the first quarter. But a lot of the fleets are spreading it out over 2011. They can only absorb so much new product, and they may have a used truck trade-in package that may be financing related. But whatever their business model is. It's very, very normal. It's been going on for 70, 80 years, I bet.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC: On the pricing side, is the pricing a little bit weaker now or it's still coming off the bottom? Is it just the general lag in the market with capacity and demand? Or are there specific actions by any of your competitors to drive maybe market share, that we're seeing pricing being a little bit weaker than we would expected at this point in the cycle given the order rates?
Mark Pigott: The pricing, I think, is actually probably pretty much in line with coming out of a recession. And everybody is trying to grab what they think is their fair share, whatever that might be. Certainly, a number of our competitors are always very excited about saying what their market share goal is, and then you all hold their feet to the fires and now they got to go get that and profit isn't so important to them. But we're coming out of a recession. I think we're out of the recession, but we're not in a boom economy, by any means. So customers are cautious, they're evaluating how they can get the best price. And there are always people, in any industry who will drop the price, for whatever reason, so you need to work through that, too.
Operator: Our final question is from the line of Andrew Obin of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Andrew Obin - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just two follow-up questions. On your order rates, did you say a number in terms of your order book, did you quote a specific number on that in terms of your backlog or you didn't?
Mark Pigott: No, we did not.
Andrew Obin - BofA Merrill Lynch: And the second question, if let's say demand for your engine was running ahead of 25% to 30%, if you're experiencing now, would you be able to satisfy if it was more like 40% to 50%? Do you have the capacity to do it in 2011?
Mark Pigott: Yes, yes, we do. And if you place a lot of large orders, we'll try to accommodate you, Andrew.
Operator: We did have a final question come into queue, a follow-up from the line of Ann Duignan. [JPMorgan]
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Can you just give us a little bit of a color on, SG&A was significantly higher than we had forecast, it was higher than last year, as well, and higher than last quarter. Was there anything in there, like variable comp? What kind of a run rate should we assume going into 2011?
Mark Pigott: We were hoping you'd ask that, Ann. I think the run rate will be comparable to fourth quarter of 2010. Yes, be comparable.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So there was no one-off...
Mark Pigott: No, we're just ramping up business. People, expenses, growing the business.
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Robin Easton: Yes, I'd just like to thank everyone for their excellent questions. And thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-21 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Robin Easton - CFO Mark Pigott - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Thomas Plimpton - Vice Chairman and Principal Financial Officer
Analysts: Tim Denoyer - Wolf Trahan Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Basili Alukos - Morningstar J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co. Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Keith Schicker - Robert W. Baird Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley Ben Elias - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc. Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG Jamie Cook - Crédit Suisse AG Timothy Thein - Citigroup Inc
Mark Pigott: Good morning. PACCAR reported improved revenues and net income for the first quarter of 2011. PACCAR's first quarter sales and financial services revenues were $3.3 billion compared to $2.2 billion in the first quarter last year. Quarterly net income increased $193 million compared to $68 million a year ago, a 280% improvement. I'm very proud of our 19,000 employees who have delivered excellent performance to our shareholders and customers.  PACCAR's results reflect the benefits of higher truck deliveries particularly in Europe and North America and a continued improvement in aftermarket parts sales and financial services profits worldwide. In the U.S. and Canada, industry orders in the first quarter of 2011 increased slightly to 65,000 units compared to 61,000 during the fourth quarter last year. The U.S. and Canadian retail truck sales are estimated to improve in 2011 to a range of 200,000 to 220,000 units from 126,000 units last year.  European truck registrations for the first two months of 2011 have averaged 18,000 units per month, which is comparable to the average monthly rate for the fourth quarter last year. We estimate that Europe's greater than 15-tonne truck market will be between 220,000 to 240,000 units this year versus 183,000 units last year.  During the quarter, PACCAR made progress in its search for a site for a new DAF factory in Brazil. Our goal is for DAF to achieve a 10% share of the Brazilian medium and heavy duty truck market.  The improving global economy is certainly benefiting the truck market. PACCAR delivered 13% more trucks in the first quarter than the fourth quarter last year. PACCAR increased truck production at all truck plants in North America and Europe to meet higher levels of demand. The improved utilization of PACCAR's truck facilities is contributing to higher gross margins. PACCAR estimates delivering 15% to 20% more trucks in the second quarter compared to the first quarter, subject to suppliers able to meet demand for items such as tires. While the pricing environment is showing signs of improvement, there are some uncertainties in the industry as you're aware, including the impact of rising raw material cost, the extent to which higher fuel prices will affect purchase decisions by our customers and the impact on the Japanese supply base to meet increased demand levels, especially in electronic components. PACCAR's strong balance sheet and excellent operating cash flow have allowed the company to accelerate its investment in the business, enhance operating efficiency, and develop innovative new products such as the PACCAR MX diesel engine. We have now received over 14,000 orders for the MX engine in North America, and the PACCAR MX engine is being installed in 25% of Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks.  Feedback of the engine from our customers has been excellent.  PACCAR Financial Services revenues were $241 million in the first quarter compared to $246 million a year ago. PACCAR Financials first quarter pretax income improved to $50 million compared to $28 million earned in Q1 of 2010. This was due to better finance margins and a reduction in the provision for credit losses. The credit loss provisions for the first quarter of this year were $10.5 million compared to $18.4 million a year ago.  Thank you, and I look forward to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Seth Weber of RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: In light of the strong margin results in the quarter, is there any update to your outlook for the year? I think in the last quarter call you gave a kind of a flattish guidance relative to the fourth quarter. Is there any update to that?
Mark Pigott: Well, that's always a good question. I think the way we're looking at it is trucks are improving and becoming a larger proportion of our profit results. But as you may know, profits on trucks had a lower margin percent than parts. So when we look out for the rest of the year, even with an increasing truck business, I think our margins will be in line with what we just had in the first quarter. That's the best update I can give for you.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay, thank you. And as a quick follow up, can you give us any color whether you're seeing any strength from the smaller -- the order strength. Has that transitioned to the smaller operators at this point or is it still largely coming from the larger fleets? Thank you.
Mark Pigott: Yes, that's a good question. We're finding some improvement at all levels of the customer base, those customers with less than 5 units that I would look at the group between 5 to 50 and then over 50. It's pretty much in line with what we've seen in the last few years, even as it's improved. Of course, many of the smaller operators have aligned themselves with the large fleets to take advantage of better purchase pricing on their equipment, healthcare benefits, access to more jobs from different customers. So it's the old days that the owner operator has certainly drifted away. But the smaller operators have purchased approximately 25% of our products, and it's pretty much in line with the last couple of years.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay, great. Thanks very much, guys.
Mark Pigott: Thank you, appreciate it.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Robert Wertheimer of Morgan Stanley.
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: Thanks for taking the question. So you just mentioned something interesting that we wanted to ask about. With the smaller owner operators aligning themselves with fleets for purchasing power and so forth, do you see that as any -- I know you've generally said your share on the fleet is just as good as with owner operators or very healthy anyway, but do you see the strategic threat and that the owner operators might be getting to be pushed to take lower spec trucks or more sort of utilitarian vehicles?
Mark Pigott: Well, that's a good question. I think generally, probably not a concern because people are still looking to attract drivers even with the slowdown in the housing and residential construction that we all know about, still trying to recruit drivers as one of the main programs that certainly we're undertaking and many of the people in the industry are looking to set up training programs. So I think these companies, the freight haulers, are all well-managed companies. They want to make a return and they know that by getting a good driver and giving them good equipment, they're going to have a better return. I think as we've learned through the decades that we keep coming out with more fuel-efficient powertrain and we're very proud of our MX engine, but the one most important factor in fuel economy is the driver. And the more you train the driver and the higher, better person you get driving the truck, the better fuel economy, the more money you're going to make as an operator. So I think people are saying, "Let's get good product to attract good drivers and we can actually make a better return."
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: Okay, that's helpful. And then if I could just ask a quick a follow-up on the component issues which you mentioned, is there any hint of -- are people doing excess charges to get production back online in Japan or the tire guys trying to price up? I know it's just a commodity pass-through. But otherwise, just given the shortages, do you see any margin risk from people trying to ramp a supply chain very fast? And that's it, thanks.
Mark Pigott: Sure. Well, the suppliers, this affects the automotive industry worldwide. I mean, that's cars and trucks. And we have many excellent, excellent suppliers. So we have to take a look at it from a couple of different viewpoints. First of all, the terrible tragedy in Japan certainly affected the automotive world. And on the supply base, a number of suppliers, which I think tend to be a little bit more focused on the electronic components, and these are the controllers that might go behind a dashboard, and that's affecting the entire industry. But they're working very hard, either within their own company or with government agencies to try to get back up to speed. That will take some time. But so far, it seems to be manageable, although you can certainly read in the industry press that a number of the car manufacturers in Japan have had shutdowns and are still struggling. But everybody's working with these suppliers to help them get back up to close to normal capacity. Second, speaking of capacity, you know you've got record demand, particularly on trucks, around the world, whether it's in China, South America, North America, Europe. When you combine them all, you've got a very high demand and that looks to be going higher over the next couple of years. So suppliers, particularly in the tire segment of the business, are looking to add capacity. Certainly the cost of rubber has gone up about 200% since 2009. You also have carbon black shortages because of some production issues in Egypt. So it's a complex, global concern, but everybody is working hard and it's something that we all do everyday. This is just a little bit more exacerbated. But I think we'll get through it. It's just going to be a little bit more challenging this year.
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: Great, thanks very much.
Mark Pigott: Thank you.
Operator: . Your next question is from the line of Ann Duignan of JPMorgan.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Maybe you could talk a little bit about Q1 versus Q2. Could you talk about the ramp up of your second shift, whether that's behind you or not, whether there were costs incurred in Q1 as you train people and bring people on and incurring efficiencies? And when would you expect to be at kind of equilibrium in terms of ramping up production volumes?
Mark Pigott: Well, we're continuing to ramp up production volumes. And I indicated, Ann, we're looking at 15% to 20% increase. We like, I say most of our competitors are well into second shifts, and that we expect the second shift to be as good as the first shift, and they always are. So in terms of any additional cost, I think we've kind of worked our way through anything like that. So I think it's now just adding on people, and there seems to be good people available to come work at our facilities and the orders are strong. We got a backlog out to July, August and that seems to support the ability to ramp up production. So I think it looks reasonably good.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay, thank you. And my follow-up question is about the pricing environment, both in the U.S. and in Europe. Could you talk a little bit about the competitive environment in both regions and what you're seeing out there?
Mark Pigott: Sure. Well, I think we've talked a few months ago when we had our first quarter call. And we've been pleasantly surprised by the stronger rebound in both Europe and North America as the orders have come in for a couple of different reasons. One, I think in Europe, obviously it didn't have quite the impact in terms of the housing bubble in North America ran into. And then many of our good customers in North America, as the economy has slightly improved, have got into a 1.5%, 2.5% GDP growth, just finding their vehicles are at an age where they would really be more beneficial to replace them. So that's translated into higher sales. And I think pricing has generally followed as you have a stronger margin, you’re able to have a little bit better pricing scenario. And our customers are able to get a little bit more on more freight and higher freight rates. Obviously, everybody has their eye on the increased price of fuel. But there seem to be a little better pricing environment than just a few months ago.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Has that surprised you or is it typical when you come out of a downturn?
Mark Pigott: Well, I mean, typically, we find in a stronger market, it's a little bit stronger pricing environment. So that's what we've seen through many, many cycles. I think, I would say, the rebound has been a little bit stronger than we anticipated, just even at the beginning of the year. So that's encouraging.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay, thank you. I'll get back in line and hand it over.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Mark, can you talk about when you expect your South American assembly capacity to come online? It looks like that you made progress in picking us out over the quarter. Can you just tell us more?
Mark Pigott: Well, I think realistically, and I was just down there, it's an exciting market. If you haven't been to Brazil, I don't want to be a tour guide, but I certainly recommend getting down there and seeing a very dynamic country. Well, with the first thing is we have to select a site. So we've narrowed it down but we do not have a site. So I think on a conservative basis, we could start building a factory by the end of this year. Realistically, it would hopefully be in production in early 2013. So that's just the blocking and tackling of building a factory.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And on that note, can you give us an update on how much of the hiring you've done in recent quarters has been in your Mississippi engine facility? And when do you expect the production rate to really ramp up there?
Mark Pigott: Well, we have -- we continue to hire in Mississippi. Over the entire company, we've added 3,000 employees or so in the last 4 to 5 months. So that's -- it's always great to have wonderful employees back joining the team again. And Mississippi is continuing to do well, it's 25% of Peterbilt have the MX engine. And we're looking at bringing online some additional machining capacity this summer. So if you haven't had a chance to visit Mississippi, we'd love to have you there.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Appreciate the invite. On the hiring front, Mark, I'm wondering if you can talk about whether we should expect your pace of hiring to slow in the coming quarters or should we expect what we've seen over the past two quarters to continue through the balance of the year?
Mark Pigott: I think, I'm not sure if it goes into your cost model, but you know, I think the hiring is probably slowing down because of we're starting to ramp up the levels. We don't need to hire as many people as we did in the last 6 months. But we'll continue to hire.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And lastly, would you mention lead times? Can you talk about whether there's any difference between the U.S. and European operations or are they both out for July, August?
Mark Pigott: Yes, they're very comparable. Both of them are July, August time.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Thank you very much.
Mark Pigott: You bet. Thank you, appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of J. B. Groh of D.A. Davidson.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co.: I just want to dive into this gross margin a little bit more because I'm assuming that your input costs have not gone down. Is there anyway you could give us sort of a general gauge as to the sort of inflation that you're facing on the raw material front?
Mark Pigott: Well, it really varies as you would expect by commodity. And if you take a look, and I think I mentioned rubber up 200%, but you look at carbon for steel and copper and stainless steel, palladium going into the engine, I mean a lot of these were up 60%, 80% over the last two years. Now some of that is small dollars and some of it is larger dollars. But there's a real demand driving some of that higher prices. And we have to pay them. And as our competitors do, we try to pass some of that through. But as we talked about a few months ago, particularly on the exhaust side, it's very difficult to get all that passed through the customers, maybe a little bit better now than it was 3 months ago. So we continue to look at it every single day. And if we're able to adjust our pricing, we do, but sometimes, it's just something you have to absorb in the cost of sales.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co.: I guess I was pretty pleasantly surprised at the first quarter gross margin number and I think other people have asked, do you see that as being kind of a peak number for the year? I mean, it's probably too early to tell, but if you are sticking to your guidance of sort of flattish margins for the year...
Mark Pigott: I think it was certainly better than we thought when we talked a few months ago for the first, rather for the fourth quarter call. But I think it's going to be sort of in that range. But as I've indicated, as trucks become a larger component of our total profit package, they have lower margin in the parts business so hopefully, keep pushing the parts business to grow, but the parts were very strong in the first quarter. So I think it will be sort of flattish compared to the first quarter. I think it's a fair plus or minus in the first quarter.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co.: And then could you maybe give us the currency impacts on the revenue and the EBITDA?
Thomas Plimpton: You bet. The currency impact on revenues was $16.7 million increase compared to last year, and the impact on pretax profit was $5.7 million compared to last year's quarter.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay, thanks for your time.
Mark Pigott: Thank you, good questions.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Henry Kirn of UBS.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: Could you talk a little about the PACCAR Financial contribution as we go through the rest of the year?
Mark Pigott: You bet we can, and we're making some good progress there. Let's give some more specifics to it.
Thomas Plimpton: Yes. As you noticed our -- this is Tom, pointing our provision for credit losses was $10.5 million this quarter. And we think going forward, with the improvement in the operating environment for operators that we finance, we should see that it will continue to improve slightly and we expect to see the portfolio to grow somewhat over the year, and as we talked about in the first quarter release, improved margins and obviously the lower losses. So pretty much continuing to be steady in the range of the first quarter, I would suspect.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: That's helpful. And is it possible to talk a little bit about the difference in growth rate that you're expecting for the vocational truck market within Class 8 versus the over-the-road Class 8 truck market?
Mark Pigott: Yes, we typically don't break that out but the vocational side is certainly dampened if we're looking at the construction market. The egg side is good. There's certainly a demand for food around the world. But concrete, mixing, dump trucks, utility vehicles, they're down and they're going to be down for a while. I mean, there's great companies out there working hard to try to improve it but they're kind of fighting the headwinds of a difficult macroeconomic environment. So on-highway is going well. There is good GDP growth of 2% to 3%. Consumers are spending again. That looks like it's going to be good for our on-highway truckload carriers.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: Okay, thank you very much.
Mark Pigott: Thank you, good questions.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Volkmann of Jefferies & Company.
Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Thanks for taking for my question, most of them have been answered. But I wonder if you have any visibility. Sometimes when the markets get overheated, markets, you well know, will tend to get a little double ordering in the market. I wonder if it's time to start thinking about that yet and how much visibility you might have?
Mark Pigott: Steve, I think you've been around as long as I have if you remember those days. We're not anywhere close to that. I mean that's a -- I know exactly what you're saying, and certainly something that all manufacturers are always on the lookout for but we've got dealers that really are in good shape now coming out of the recession. But their in-stock inventory is probably at 5-year lows. So the products that are being ordered from the factory they are moving right through the dealers right to the customers for use and that's really a key factor criteria that we look at to see if there is such a thing as double ordering. But I would expect this year will just be a reasonably strong market and one that certainly is going to be more enjoyable than the last few years. But I think, and this is an important point, still not at what we would expect as replacement demand because there are certainly some headwinds in the general economy, but a good market.
Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Fair enough, and I wonder, I guess, there's a bit of a thesis out that we've had a very strong few months of orders because the fleets have all been kind of stepping up to do their replenishment but the order numbers may fade as we go through the rest of the year here because maybe the owner operator segment isn't really ready to stand up and order yet. Do you have a view as to what the order trajectory for the industry might look like as the year progresses?
Mark Pigott: Well, we had, let's say, for the first quarter 65,000 and we're saying the year could be 200,000. The 200,000 -- so that means the trajectory will be flattish to it could even be a little bit lower if you're going to get to 200,000. But once again, a good year. Compared to 126,000 last year, we get to 200,000. I think the industry will be pretty happy, and of course it would be happier if it was at 220,000 or higher.
Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And what do you think MX engine penetration will be at the year-end?
Mark Pigott: Well, it'll be -- I know it'll be resulting in a lot of very happy customers. And currently, we're at 25% and our excellent partner, Cummins, has 75%. So I think 25% to 30% for MX is probably reasonable. We’d like it to be higher but I think that's a great way to start for the first year. I think it has established the record for the highest percent of 13 leaders in the industry in the ramp up and in a launch phase. So we're very pleased and very proud of our team.
Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Thanks for your help.
Mark Pigott: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Timothy Thein of Citi.
Timothy Thein - Citigroup Inc: Mark, just going back on the plan in Brazil. I'm curious if you could kind of walk through the analysis in terms of the capital budgeting decision on building a greenfield plant down there. And what's sort of a realistic time horizon are you using in your analysis in terms of getting to that 10% market share?
Mark Pigott: The 10%, let's say by 2020 and the other information are great questions but it's the ones that we continue to talk with our board about. So I don't think we can really go on line and talk about that. But certainly, we have plenty of experience building new factories. We just got a new one in Mississippi. So it will take time. But the good thing about Brazil, there are many of them, the first of all is it's a strong truck market. Second is the highest margins for truck markets in the world, and some of that is because of the structure of their customer base. It's primarily smaller fleets, owner operators. There's only a few large fleets. So I'd say it's comparable to what we saw in North America in let's call it the '70s and '80s. Third, there's a lot of demand for agriculture and there's very little rail infrastructure, so trucks have the vast majority of the business. And finally, all of our competitors are there and we know them well. We see them everyday around the world. And the good news is with our DAF Truck and the PACCAR powertrain has done very, very well, and we certainly expect that same sort of positive results as we get the factory up and running and start growing in that marketplace.
Timothy Thein - Citigroup Inc: Okay, great. And I guess just drilling into the gross profit performance for the first quarter, I was hoping to get 2 specific numbers within the truck segment, if you guys have these handy. And the first was just the contribution from the delivery volumes, and then secondly, is that average truck price versus the material and other direct costs that you've conveniently laid out in some of your recent disclosures. Do you have those 2 numbers?
Mark Pigott: I don't think we have them right on hand but we could talk to you off-line and try to get a little bit more specifics on what you're looking for.
Thomas Plimpton: We can give you our truck margin and parts margin percentages.
Timothy Thein - Citigroup Inc: Well, I was hoping to actually get just some of the key drivers. I guess what I'm hoping really -- what I'm striving to understand is, or get some color from you, is what's that kind of contribution from volumes could look like? I think it was about 16% or 17% in 2010, and whether you'd expect that to be higher or lower in 2011 as some of these volumes ramp up?
Mark Pigott: Yes, let's take that off-line-line...
Thomas Plimpton: I'm not sure we know what metrics you're referring to.
Mark Pigott: Yes, a lot of ways to do it. The good thing is overall margins have gone up. Let's talk about that a little more specifically.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jamie Cook of Crédit Suisse.
Jamie Cook - Crédit Suisse AG: A couple of questions. One, Mark, can you just speak to what your mix is today of the aerodynamic truck versus traditional and how you see that progressing and is there any margin differential between the two? And then the follow-up question is on your engine facility in Columbus which I did see was quite impressive while we were there in late February. They were talking about building about 25 engines a day. I'm just sort of wondering where you think we should be by year-end with you adding machining in the second half of the year?
Mark Pigott: Well, we're building 25 and we're getting another 25 in from DAF. So that's really 50 today as we look at it. So that's what where we're shipping out. And so we're looking to grow that. We don't have a specific number that we can share at this time, but that's our intent. And I'm glad you brought the aerodynamics up because we are just pleased to hear over the weekend that the Kenworth T700, a wonderful aerodynamic vehicle, was the American Truck Dealer Truck of the Year. So that is a wonderful kudo for the Kenworth team. And aerodynamics continues to increase and it's certainly the majority of our vehicles now, over 50%. And in terms of the margin, and I've been tracking that very carefully because you can go back to the old days of the long and tall of lots of chrome, which have the highest margins of that time, the margins for aerodynamic continue to improve. And really, one of the main drivers is because you got a lot more volume going to the factory, so you continue to get it more efficiently produced. So the margin on the aerodynamics is improving steadily. So that's very encouraging.
Jamie Cook - Crédit Suisse AG: That said, the take away is it's not where the traditional is but over time we should get there with volumes. Is the way to think about it?
Mark Pigott: I think it will continue to improve, and certainly as new products are developed with more efficient manufacturing, controls that we're looking for those to carry a bigger, bigger part of the load.
Jamie Cook - Crédit Suisse AG: And then just last follow-up, I know you talked about production increasing, the Q2 from Q1, 15% to 20%. Did you breakout U.S. versus Europe or did I miss that?
Mark Pigott: No, I didn't break it out. But I think for Q2 versus Q1, the majority of the increase will be in North America. I mean, there will be increases in Europe, DAF is now at about 16% share and the product is going very, very well. So there will be increases around the world, but I'd say 16% of that increase will be in North America.
Jamie Cook - Crédit Suisse AG: Great, that's very helpful. I appreciate it.
Mark Pigott: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Patrick Nolan of Deutsche Bank.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG: Just two quick questions, one just kind of a housekeeping, can you break down the truck and parts margin and revenue in the quarter?
Mark Pigott: Yes, we can.
Thomas Plimpton: The truck margin was 7.8% compared to 6.7% in Q4, and the parts margin was 35.3% compared to 34.4% in Q4.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG: Thanks very much. And Mark, you guys cited in your release about parts supply and that being possibly a constraint on industry demand. I know it's early to think about next year but, I mean, when you think about overall industry capacity, when do you think -- is it going to really be that we're going to be butt up - - there's some pretty aggressive forecast of the industry overall next year. When do you think we start butting up against part supply issues that the industry is kind of really hit that headwind of capacity constraints?
Mark Pigott: Well, I think because of the recession, obviously, the OEMs are in slightly better shape than some of the suppliers because there was sort of an ongoing profitability stream that the OEMs could tap into on the spare parts and through their distribution channels that may not have been available to the suppliers. So the suppliers, as you know, they shut down and really reduced their capacity significantly and that was probably the smart thing to do. As I've mentioned earlier today, the rebound has been a little stronger than I think any of us expected, particularly in Europe and North America. So that's the good news. The more challenging news is that the suppliers are rightfully asking how long and how strong and what does that mean in terms of me as a supplier? Do I need to go out and get a new factory? Do I need to look at 2 and 3 shifts? Can I get the people? All the normal things that you run into as you operate a business. So right now, I mean, outside of this, a very strong global demand, I don't see we'll be butting into endemic shortages within the industry. But we're at 200,000 here and 220,000 in Europe. If you get up to those heydays of 2006 of 280,000 and 300,000, there may be some real issues. Because I've been around for a long time and a number of the suppliers are saying, "Sure, I can supply at 300,000 or 320,000 or 340,000, but then what happens a year or two later when it goes back down and I'm stuck with all those capacity?" Right now, I don't think it's an issue but certainly it's an active topic amongst many of our suppliers of how strong and how far. I think it's going to be a year or two before we really have to wrestle with that. But currently, people are thinking about it, which I think is smart. I think the industry has been through some challenging times and I think people have learned from it, which I think makes for a better business environment as time goes on.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG: That's helpful context. Thank you very much.
Mark Pigott: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ben Elias of the Sterne Agee.
Ben Elias - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Thank you for taking my question. I was just wondering about the timing of your 15-liter MX launch. When should we expect to see that?
Mark Pigott: Well, when you give us the go-ahead, Ben, we're all set. Don't know anything about it, we have a 13-liter that we're very proud of and the 15-liter is supplied by our wonderful partner, Cummings. And that's what we got.
Ben Elias - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: And right now, there's no plans, not in development?
Mark Pigott: No, unless you're working on something in your garage, we're happy with the 13- and of course our 9.2-liter. So that's what we've got and it's keeping our team very busy and pleasantly so.
Ben Elias - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Okay. Second question, what is your priority now for use of cash beyond investment? And as a follow up to that, do you think there's anything missing in your portfolio of truck and engine products?
Mark Pigott: Well, that is a great question. Of course, we talked a little bit during this call about some opportunities in Brazil which will absorb some cash. We want to make sure our wonderful shareholders who have been extremely loyal and very supportive forever are suitably compensated. So we take a look at what we can do for them. And then we are looking at China. We are looking at India and taking steps, conservative steps, in those markets. Then there are opportunities in Central Europe and Russia that we're looking at. Then of course, you got a lot of excitement, as with any company, on developing new models which absorb cash. And then finally, as we’ve talked through the years, we continue to work with different third parties on any acquisition opportunities. And that certainly is something we continue to look at. So that's where we look at. And thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Andy Casey of Wells Fargo.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Thanks for taking my call. Just a quick question, I mean, a lot has been answered already, but as you look at the trend, you talked about the 13-liter ramp up being better than periods past. If you look at the fuel price level plus the, what I would imagine would be a continued trend towards increased power density of the engine, are you surprised that it's not happening at a faster rate or is it just going to take truckers getting used to a 13-liter that can do much, if not most, of what they need from a larger engine?
Mark Pigott: Well, that's a very perceptive question. Of course, we're very pleased with the strong acceptance and support we had for our engine in North America and around the world. Most of the engines we put in our vehicles have the PACCAR name on it as you're aware. Having just returned from the U.K. where they just hit a record in terms of fuel price, and you have to convert metric, imperial gallons, and pounds and dollars, but the equivalent is $10 a gallon, which is a record for the U.K., by the way, and we're at, let's call it, $3.50 to $4 a gallon here. The rest of the world certainly looks at North America as a wonderful oasis of low fuel pricing. Will that continue forever? Well I'm not sure anything continues forever so let's expect that the fuel will go up. So $4 and then I think the high was a number of years ago at $4.60 or $4.70. Will it go through that level? Most likely it will. So what does that mean for engines and power density as you brought up? The rest of the world has 13 liters as the highest largest engines that they use. I would say over time that there's already a shift happening in North America that 13 liters will be a larger and larger component of the engines being purchased. Along with 11 liters and 9 liters and things like that. So that's just the way of the world. I mean there's no particular reason why North America should be the only market in the world with such a unique powertrain being demanded by our customers. But it will take time.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Thank you very much.
Mark Pigott: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David Leiker of Robert W. Baird.
Keith Schicker - Robert W. Baird: It's actually Keith Schicker on the line for David. I had a couple of quick questions. First, if we look within the credit company, could you maybe talk quantitatively or qualitatively about PACCAR's Finance penetration. Has that started to go down? Have you seen additional sources of funding come back into the market for your customers? How does credit look for some of the smaller fleets and owner operators? Can you just provide some color on that regard?
Mark Pigott: You bet, we can.
Thomas Plimpton: In that area there is as the truck market continues to improve, there's increased competition in the banks for coming back in our share. For the first quarter, it's 29% which is up from last year, which is a good sign. The credit quality, we've got a very rigorous credit quality metrics system that we use. And so those results are good and had been reflected in the reduced losses. So pretty much steady as she goes in that area.
Keith Schicker - Robert W. Baird: Is there any differences in credit availability for smaller fleets or even owner operators versus larger companies?
Mark Pigott: Well, some of the agencies, some of the finance groups are expecting a little larger down payment, trying to mitigate from the losses that they experienced for the last few years where credit was probably too flexible and then it was too tight and now they're trying to get to a middle ground. But we're now basically at record levels in terms of our penetration on the PACCAR Financial. We've got a great team. And the dealers, as we come out of recession, our great partners that they realize even more so what a wonderful tool PACCAR Financial and PacLease is when they’re talking with their customers on deciding which is the best financing package for that particular customer. So it's encouraging. And I think the banks are back in at some of the larger independents are tiptoeing back in it but they had such huge losses. I think their appetite has been diminished.
Keith Schicker - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then just to circle back, another question about the pricing and maybe commodity cost, kind of the equation that we look at there. Are we at a position right now we're as you talk about pricing and the end market rising, are those units that are just going in to the backlog right now or are you seeing higher pricing on products that are getting recognized into revenue into the current period? And then if you look at commodity costs, we've seen those spike up, is that something where you're paying or your cost of goods sold right now is based on commodity prices from a couple of months ago. How did that equation work and how does that spread work or look going forward between pricing and commodity costs?
Mark Pigott: Right, we're looking at, if we can, depending on the market's appetite, having pricing adjustments on a regular basis, that could be every month, that could be every two months, to reflect the rapidly increased commodity pricing. But sometimes that's really a mute point. It's very minimal. Sometimes you'll have a number of larger increases coming from several different commodity groups and we need to take a pricing action in the marketplace. So that's -- I would say that's almost on a monthly basis now.
Keith Schicker - Robert W. Baird: Okay, thank you.
Mark Pigott: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tim Denoyer of Wolfe Trahan.
Tim Denoyer - Wolf Trahan: Mark, a lot of truckload carriers are talking about potentially a little bit of an overbuy in the second half of this year to take advantage of the bonus depreciation tax law. What do you think that might have in impact in terms of orders going forward and to which are you hearing that from your customers? And do you think there could be a drop in orders as a result if it actually is cut to 50% depreciation next year?
Mark Pigott: Obviously, a lot of our customers are really bright and financially astute or taking a look at the benefits of that bonus depreciation, and there certainly are some. So I think your question is saying do we see in a sense maybe a pull forward or a pre-buy and how that will affect next year, is that what you're seeing?
Tim Denoyer - Wolf Trahan: Yes.
Mark Pigott: Okay. Well, it depends. If the general economy, in fact about really North America not Europe now, if the general economy strengthens, which there's certainly pros and cons on that, but if it does continue to strengthen, that may be enough to offset or mitigate any pre-buy that might result as a result of the bonus depreciation. So I think it's a little early to tell right now. Certainly, if the economy slows down and it's that 1% GDP level, there may be in a sense of a bit of a pre-buy. But right now, it's early days.
Tim Denoyer - Wolf Trahan: Yes, sure. Are you hearing a lot from your customers in terms of the potential for that and is a lot of that built into your expectation at this point?
Mark Pigott: No, what we hear from our customers is the evaluation on what benefits they'll get from the bonus depreciation. So they're evaluating just on the financial spreadsheets right now.
Tim Denoyer - Wolf Trahan: Okay, thanks.
Mark Pigott: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Basili Alukos of Morning Star.
Basili Alukos - Morningstar: A quick question, it's kind of related to some of the comments you made about Brazil and then further about rising oil prices. As you look at the United States obviously intermodal and rails are such a big part, something that's not in Brazil. Like you mentioned, I'm just wondering as oil prices rise or at what point do you see some of your customers kind of switch more towards thinking more aggressively about pursuing intermodal more so than using trucking to transport across the country? I understand that trend has been happening already, but is that discussion at all increasing in today's oil price environment?
Mark Pigott: Trucking as a percent of the total freight haul actually has increased over the last several years by a small percent, but it's increased. There are certainly benefits to intermodal, and a number of our customers actually use both. But intermodal tends to be not quite as timely. I think it's the best way to address it. And so you need to be shipping items that are perhaps not as time-sensitive, not focused so much on just in time for manufacturing. So it's something that the truck industry continues to look at, certainly working with groups like the American Trucking Associations, the ATA, we evaluate it. I think we can actually take some heart from what you see around the world. As you look at Europe, which has significantly higher fuel prices on a per gallon basis, the truck market is a little bit larger than North America, and so I think if I kind of read into your thoughts, do you think intermodal will take away from trucking? No, if the total GDP is growing, I think there's room for both. And say, if you take a look at Europe and truck markets are very strong and very profitable. So I'm encouraged by that.
Basili Alukos - Morningstar: Great. I guess if high-speed rail comes into play, then maybe there will be more room for trucking to kind of take over.
Mark Pigott: Well, high-speed rail tends to be more for people. But I certainly have enjoyed high-speed rail in many of the countries I travel around, but I don't see too many people loading shipments on because those tend to be a little bit shorter runs. It's an exciting world, that's why we love it.
Basili Alukos - Morningstar: Fair enough. Okay, that's all. Thanks a lot.
Mark Pigott: Thank you very much.
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks?
Robin Easton: I'd like to thank everyone for their excellent questions, and thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Mr. Robin Easton, PACCAR's Treasurer. Mr. Easton, please go ahead.
Robin Easton: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Robin Easton, Treasurer of PACCAR, and joining me this morning are Mark Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Plimpton, Vice Chairman; and Michael Barkley, Vice President, Controller. As with prior conference calls, if there are members of the media participating, we request that they participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Mark Pigott.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-26 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Robin Easton - CFO Mark Pigott - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Thomas Plimpton - Vice Chairman and Principal Financial Officer
Analysts: Tim Denoyer - Wolf Trahan Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co. Keith Schicker - Robert W. Baird Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Daniel Johansson Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Corporation Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley Ben Elias - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc. Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Jamie Cook - Crédit Suisse AG
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Mr. Robin Easton, PACCAR's Treasurer. Mr. Easton, please go ahead.
Robin Easton: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Robin Easton, Treasurer of PACCAR. And joining me this morning are: Mark Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ron Armstrong, Executive Vice President; and Michael Barkley, Vice President, Controller. As with prior conference calls, if there are members of the media participating, we request that they participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Mark Pigott.
Mark Pigott: Good morning. PACCAR today reported improved revenues and net income for the third quarter 2010. PACCAR's third quarter sales and Financial Services revenues were $2.5 billion, which is 26% higher than the $2 billion in the third quarter last year. Net income improved to $120 million, compared to $13 million a year ago. I'm very proud of our 16,500 employees who have delivered outstanding performance to our shareholders and customers in an uneven and unsettled global economy. In the U.S. and Canada, our customers are starting to adjust to the higher-priced vehicles that have resulted from the EPA 2010 emission change. The U.S. and Canadian retail truck sales are estimated to improve to a range of 120,000 to 130,000 units this, year compared to 108,000 last year. European truck registrations for the third quarter improved 16% compared to the second quarter. As a result, we expect the 15-ton plus market registrations in Europe to be between 160,000 and 170,000 units this year, comparable to the 168,000 units last year. The global economic outlook is improving, which is benefiting the truck market. PACCAR delivered 5% more trucks in the third quarter than the second quarter this year. And looking ahead, we think that truck production for PACCAR could be up 20% in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter. We discussed in our analyst call in April the three-step process that the truck industry usually progresses as it recovers from a recession. First is improvement in parts and service. Second is used truck values increasing. And third is more new truck orders. For PACCAR in the U.S. and Canada, the good news is that parts sales are up 15% to 20% compared to last year, and used truck pricing has increased 10% to 15%. More good news is that the U.S. and Canadian industry Class 8 truck orders for the first nine months are up 23% compared to a year ago although they may be slowing now in the industry. In Europe, PACCAR Parts business and used truck pricing have both improved by 10% to 15%. And DAF's new truck production for the first nine months is 25% higher than last year. As we look at the European truck market, we're pleased that DAF is now the leader in the On-highway Tractor segment and has achieved a record overall market share of 15.8%. DAF is steadily progressing toward its medium-term goal of 20% share in Europe. Talking about our customers. They're benefiting from improved freight volumes, higher freight rates and some stable diesel prices. They continue to increase the utilization of their fleets, which in turn is driving increased aftermarket parts and service business for our dealers. PACCAR's quarterly aftermarket parts sales increased to $554 million, the highest level since the third quarter of 2008. PACCAR's strong balance sheet and positive cash flow of $1.1 billion this year have enabled the company to continuously reinvest in the business, enhance our operating efficiency and develop innovative new products such as the PACCAR MX diesel engine. Assembly of the PACCAR MX engine began in June at our new manufacturing facility in Columbus, Mississippi. And in September, the engine plant was officially dedicated in a ceremony that was attended by state and local officials, including Mississippi Governor Haley Barbour. We are now installing the MX engine in over 20% of Kenworth and Peterbilt vehicles. This is the highest level of 13-liter engine installations in our Kenworth and Peterbilt and reflects customer recognition of the PACCAR MX engine's excellent power-to-weight ratio, fuel economy and reliability. Feedback from our customers of the PACCAR MX engine is excellent with over 2,000 MX engines now installed in Peterbilt and Kenworth trucks. Speaking of engines, the EPA issued its proposed Greenhouse Gas Regulations yesterday. And as you know, PACCAR is an environmental leader worldwide. We are reviewing the proposed regulations, which is 673 pages long, and we're analyzing the details and look forward to working with the EPA in this during the 60-day comment period to fully understand all the aspects of the proposed regulations. I also like to point out, speaking of environment, that DAF will launch their hybrid LF truck this year, which will join the Kenworth and Peterbilt hybrid medium-duty vehicles. Switching topics. PACCAR Financial Services revenues were $238 million in the third quarter compared to $253 million a year ago, reflecting lower level of assets. PACCAR financial's third quarter pretax income improved to $42 million, more than double the $18 million earned last year. This was achieved due to better finance margins and a reduction in the provision for credit losses. The credit loss provision for the third quarter 2010 was $13.7 million compared to $26.6 million in 2009. Looking at the global market. PACCAR's investment of $3.8 billion in the last decade has enabled the company to enhance its operating efficiency, develop innovative new products, launch the PACCAR MX engine in North America and in Europe, strengthen its dealer network and become an industry leader in information technology. 2010, while very tough economically, was an excellent year for new product introductions, as Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF launched more new vehicles and major options than at any time in our history. The success of the Kenworth T700, the Peterbilt 587 and the complete line of vocational bodies for DAF as shown at the recent truck show in Hannover, Germany, have our customers excited about the future. We've indicated in the third quarter press release that PACCAR will be doubling its capital expenditures next year. I know a number of you are interested in that. And the funding will be focused on accelerating new vehicle development, customer service initiatives, meeting the Euro 6 engine emission requirements, which come into play in 2013, and of course our global expansion. These investments will complement our industry-leading powertrain and manufacturing investments over the last decade. In summary, the global economic environment is still very unsettled. However, PACCAR's balanced approach in all phases of the business cycle positions us to generate improved results for our shareholders as the global economy recovers. We look forward to welcoming many of you to the investor conference tomorrow, and thank you. Appreciate your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of J.B. Groh of D.A. Davidson.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co.: One, the provision that was down -- what do you guys see in terms of credits and those kinds of things that caused that to come down?
Mark Pigott: As we've commented before, we've seen a progressive improvement in the portfolio, the truck utilization, freight rates are improving and so the customer cash flows are able to make and support their truck payments on a more timely basis.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co.: So it's basically just driven by good customer margins and better balance sheets of the customers, that sort of thing?
Mark Pigott: Yes.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co.: And then I'm guessing you're probably not through all 673 pages, and I really hope it's double spaced, but I was wondering if you could maybe comment on R&D spend as a percentage of sales in 2011 and how those new provisions will impact R&D?
Mark Pigott: Well, we have indicated in the press release that we'll be increasing R&D. And certainly, a portion of that will be focused on greenhouse gas and emission regulations.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co.: So I look back over time, I mean, it's kind of peaked at maybe 3%, 3.25% of sales something like that? Is that probably the area we're going back to from the 2.5% that we're close to now?
Mark Pigott: Right. We really look at it on a dollar or euro basis rather than percent. We know what our products plans are. We know the regulations we have to meet. We know the new factories we have to build, the new IT programs we're launching and that's the way we look at it.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Robert Wertheimer of Morgan Stanley.
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: My first question is on credit availability broadly in the industry. It seems as though if used equipment pricing coming up, you get a little bit more of a safety cushion. I wonder if you're seeing constrained credit in North America, in particular, and whether you see your financial arm as a tool to take market share?
Mark Pigott: Yes, I think that the credit availability has improved during the course of this year as we progress through the year. And we certainly are looking to finance good credits and support the sale of PACCAR product around the world.
Unidentified Analyst: Is it tight for the stuff you're not financing? Are you seeing people coming up short on the ability to buy because they can't find financing?
Mark Pigott: I don't think there's too much of that in the marketplace currently.
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: And then the second question will be on your outlook. Is it constrained by supply chain or by credit? Or is it more of a market forecast again for North America?
Mark Pigott: It's really a market forecast. I know a number of people have asked a similar question about supply chain, and I would just sort of reinforce that PACCAR has perhaps slightly different approach to the supply chain than many competitors. We invest in a lot of our suppliers in terms of capital equipment. We train them in Six Sigma. We work with them on their IT and business software program, so there's a real strong partnership. And the result is that the suppliers are very eager to work with PACCAR and also appreciate that we probably pay their bills faster than any other OEM they work with.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Mark, can you talk about how much commonality your engines between North America and Europe will have once your 6 [Euro 6] is rolled out? What are the economies of scale we should be thinking about there? And is it right to assume you'll use a diesel particulate filter as an add-on to deliver on Euro 6?
Mark Pigott: Yes. As we get to 2013, there will be some increased commonality, particularly on the top end of the engine, so that will certainly be a benefit just on the manufacturing and even in the engineering side of it. So we're looking forward to that. I think even on a broader scale, as we probably get beyond 2013, 2015, there's going to be a lot more commonality for emission regulations worldwide, which will certainly help us, and I'm sure, a number of our competitors.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And Mark, can you give us an update on your backlog trends in Europe over the course of the quarter? Where was backlog at quarter end versus start?
Mark Pigott: For our DAF trucks, we're looking to increase production. Backlogs have improved. So it's pretty steady growth.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And Mark, as you take a look at your global R&D plan over the next couple of years, which regions should we be thinking about as seeing the most the highest level of new product introduction. Sounds like it's South America, one, North America, two, but let me stop there and get your thoughts.
Mark Pigott: Well, obviously, the two biggest markets for us at this time are Europe and North America. And you're going to have most of the new products introduced there. But as we've indicated publicly, South America where we've been for 40, 50 years, we'll get more of our new products and that will be primarily the DAF product range. And then looking out at even more than a few years, of course, there's opportunities throughout Asia. So we're going to keep our customers happy with leading-edge products and that'll be North America, Europe, increasingly South America and then in Asia.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jamie Cook of Crédit Suisse.
Jamie Cook - Crédit Suisse AG: Your outlook for 2011 in the U.S. and Western Europe, can you just talk about how you think the Europe plays out? Is it a gradual quarterly improvement? Or is it more back end loaded for both segments? And then, did we sell any trucks with the Cat engine in the third quarter ?and is there any assumed for Q4?
Mark Pigott: In Europe, I think, it will be perhaps more even from terms of quarterly production and sales. They seem to be ramping up a little faster. The European governments have had a slightly different approach in trying to get their economies recover. They have the employment programs, which are now fading out. But also they're taking some dramatic steps to reduce taxation at all levels throughout the countries, which are certainly benefiting many companies. In North America, U.S. and Canada because Mexico is actually quite strong now. U.S. and Canada, I think, will be ramping up. So we can say that as we go through the year, each quarter will be successively stronger. In terms of Cat, we have finalized and put our final Cats into our vehicles and moved on.
Jamie Cook - Crédit Suisse AG: So none expected in Q4?
Mark Pigott: I don't think there's really anything there anymore.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Meredith Taylor of Barclays Capital.
Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital: I'm hoping you could talk a little bit more about your plans in Brazil. I'm sure we'll hear a lot about this over the next two todays, but can you just talk a little bit about the timing of product launches? And also, how you see the long-term average industry sales in Brazil, in particular, going forward? I know you talked about the 110, 120 for 2010, but where do you see that over the longer term?
Mark Pigott: Well, I think in Brazil -- of course, they have a very strong GDP right now. Country has had eight relatively good, stable years. All of our competitors are there and make, in some cases, all of their profit out of South America compared to the rest of the world. So it's an exciting market. It's a market that we know. We've had a 10 year partnership with Volkswagen do Brasil that expired in the '90s, so we know Brazil. We're encouraged to see its strong growth. And over time, if you look at a 5% to 6% GDP growth, the truck population and the truck production should expand and get up to maybe 200,000 units a year. They have the Olympics coming up. They have the World Cup coming up. So there's going to be a lot of infrastructure investment. And they're growing as a nation. In terms of our particularly plans, as I say, we've been in South America for decades, not so much in Brazil. I'm sure our competitors are not overjoyed at the prospect of us being involved there, but we will. And we're evaluating different business scenarios. We're testing our vehicles, and the preliminary response from suppliers and customers and financial institutions are the market's growing. We'd love to have you here. You're a quality company with world-class products, so let's work together.
Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital: And then just a follow-up on the 13 versus 15 liter. You called out the percentage of installations that you have 13 as opposed to 15 liter, but can you talk about orders? What you're seeing in the next there? And then maybe a little bit around -- for the customers that are ordering the 13, how many of these customers is that, are they ordering all 13 liter? How many are just a few 13 mixed into a larger order that's predominantly 15 liter?
Mark Pigott: Well, as I indicated, we've installed over 2,000 now. And we continue to receive good orders in the 20% to 25% share of our total production, which if you look out over the next few months, orders would be in the 5,000-units range. People are enjoying the benefits. I mean this is a proven engine that has won many awards, including being the top engine in China. It's a great engine throughout all of Europe. It's a great engine anywhere in the world. So I think the Kenworth and Peterbilt customers are just enjoying the benefits of it. And we continue to look forward to grow over time.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Adam Uhlman of Cleveland Research.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: Mark, I was wondering if we could start with the clarification, first, on the Brazil statement earlier. Is any of the increase in capital spending forecast for next year targeted to put production in place in Brazil?
Mark Pigott: There's a portion of it, but to put a new facility in, it's a couple-of-year project as you're aware.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: And then you were talking about the new fuel efficiency standards that are going to be coming out, and I guess Kenworth was talking about, that's likely the end of the long and tall trucks. And I'm just wondering conceptually, how much of an impact is that going to have on the business as we transition to these more aerodynamic fuel-efficient trucks from PACCAR's perspective? How meaningful to the business is that today? How meaningful to the margin profile of the company in North America?
Mark Pigott: Well, you know PACCAR is the leader in aerodynamic trucks. We pioneered it over 20 years ago. The Kenworth T600, the famous anteater. I guess I'm old enough to actually remember I was at the launch of that thing, and it was quite a wonderful event. So T700 that was just launched, the 587, of course, the DAF, the XF105 and others, these are all aerodynamic leaders. And we're a premium vehicle and get the highest residual for our products because we deliver the best fuel economy. So this is perfect for us. We have great engineers who are leaders in terms of developing innovative solutions to meet the new regulation, but the long and tall is something that I knew early in my career and there's always a few that are out there. But for well over a decade, we've been the environmental and aerodynamic leader in terms of our vehicles. So it's just, it's playing into our cards perfectly.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: And then just lastly, a clarification. You were saying that North America and Europe builds were going to be up 20% from the third quarter levels. Could you break that down into the difference between the North America and Europe?
Mark Pigott: This time, I think there probably a slightly greater emphasis in Europe. But overall, we're just looking at 20% worldwide because you got Australia. You got Mexico. You got export markets. But overall, we're looking at about 20% global increase.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Henry Kirn of UBS.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: Could you talk a little bit about how your customer mix may be shifting? Are you seeing more fleets coming back into the market relative to your historical mix and how does that impact the margins?
Mark Pigott: Well, the vast majority of our customers sort of have over 10 to 15 trucks sold. The fleets are always a very big part of our customer component. And there certainly has been a consolidation over the last decade because of a couple of turbulent recessions. But I think our mix is pretty stable in terms of just most of the people that buy our products are medium to large companies, and the owner-operators, the ones that are still exist have usually aligned themselves with different companies for economic benefits. So very stable.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: On the pricing side, how disciplined is your competition? Are there any pockets where pricing is shakier than you'd prefer?
Mark Pigott: I think the wonderful thing about being in this business, I'm in my fourth decade now, is that there is one constant. And that is there's always a lot of interesting times with our competitors and their pricing. And that's all I can say.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Andy Casey of Wells Fargo Securities.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: The fleet preference shift to 13 from 15 liter that you talked about in the industry. Is that something that's more affected by the type of fleets that are buying today? Or is it really conquest versus the 15 liter?
Mark Pigott: The 15 liter is an excellent engine. So I think it's important that we recognize that. And it's certainly been a mainstay for many years and will continue to have a very important presence in the North American market. So I think that's -- let's just kind of put that out there. The 13 liter worldwide is the preferred large engine for a number of reasons: One being a little bit lighter weight, typically better fuel economy and that's kind of the standard. So I don't think it's anything unusual or even a surprise that the U.S., Canadian and let's call it Mexican markets are just becoming a little bit more aligned with the rest of the world in terms of engine preference. And so I would say, if you could cascade that down, all different types of customers are interested in the 13 liter from the small operator to the largest fleets. They're saying we have similar operating characteristics to companies that operate in South America or Australia or Europe or even into Asia as the infrastructure gets built there. So the 15 liter is a very important contributor in engine in North America. I see that it will continue to be. But you can't really be surprised that the U.S. and Canadian truck markets are becoming more aligned with the global preference for 13 liter.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And then on the alignment, if you will, U.S. and Canada, I'm wondering if there's a contradiction between the chatter that has been going on about increasing weight limits for freight across highways and the 600-plus page energy efficiency?
Mark Pigott: Well, that's a complicated topic. It's probably going to take a little bit more time that we have this morning. But whatever is the regulations are, obviously, PACCAR and its fellow competitors have input into it. And once we have our input and the rules are made, then we work with those rules and design the highest quality, most efficient products for our customers. We've been doing it that way for 105 years.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Kind of building off your response to that question. Some other companies through this year, not necessarily you folks have kind of been upset about the uncertainty on a macro government policy, everything-type level. Are you seeing that ease as we go forward?
Mark Pigott: I can't really comment for our competitors. We know what we do. We work with the regulations that are in place. And as I've indicated, our goal is to design and provide the highest quality products in the industry in every market. And that's what we do everyday.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ann Duignan of JPMorgan.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just first, I know there's been a lot of talk about yesterday's announcement from EPA and DOT, but can you talk about a little bit more immediate policy change in that CSA [Comprehensive Safety Analysis] safety regulations for truck drivers. We've heard a lot from fleets around the fact that this ruling could result in a much smaller pool of drivers and that driver retention is going to become a much bigger issue earlier in the recovery cycle this time around. Can you talk about whether that might position PACCAR better or worse? Or does this give you any kind of an advantage going into 2011 and beyond?
Mark Pigott: Well, it's a good question. I think one of the interesting outtakes of this particular recession, which is very challenging one for everybody is typically in a recession, you have a lot of drivers sort of re-entering the transport industry because the housing industry is down. Certainly, the housing industry is at many decades low right now, but we haven't seen the corresponding increase in the pool of drivers because I think people are saying driving a truck is a challenging profession. It's rewarding, but I want to stay closer to home. So that's been an interesting sort of outtake of this recession. In terms of a smaller pool of drivers, I think there is a benefit for PACCAR because many fleets want to attract drivers and the premium reputation, premium quality and the ease of operation of our products makes it very attractive for fleets to purchase our vehicles and attract drivers. So there is an advantage.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And would you anticipate providing options like automatic transmission or anything like that to improve ease-of-driver ability?
Mark Pigott: We have many automatic transmissions. It's a popular option that we install in our vehicles.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: My follow-up question is just on Brazil. I guess, I'm having a little bit of a hard time understanding why a greenfield would be the best option for investors given how entrenched. We were just down Brazil towards Scania, MAN and Volvo facilities and one big way they get from them is that they've been there a long time. Why greenfield? Why wouldn't you make an acquisition? And then what are you going to do about distribution if your beginning from zero?
Mark Pigott: Are any of them for sale?
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Well, there's also Iveco.
Mark Pigott: Certainly, we've seen the pros and cons of doing it both ways. Obviously, the DAF success story is one of the great business stories over the last 10 years, and that was an acquisition. We continue to evaluate all opportunities. A greenfield site, as you indicate, is completely in your control and completely on your timeline. And we know exactly what the cost of that is, so there are many advantages to that. Distribution is an equally important aspect of entering a new market. And the good news is that with our independent dealer network, which is the most profitable dealer network in the world, there are a lot of businesses saying, wow, can I get an opportunity to represent DAF and PACCAR in this market, and that will allow me to make a lot of money? I'm interested. So I would just say Ann, watch this space.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Patrick Nolan of Deutsche Bank. On the quarter, I think I might have missed it, the change in production by region, Europe and North America, in the third quarter?
Mark Pigott: No, I don't think that's been outlined. We just said it's about 5% increase in production from second to third quarter. Not at this time.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG: Do you have any preliminary view in how the breakdown of parts and truck profitability broke out in the quarter?
Mark Pigott: No, we did share with you that we had a strong parts sales of $554 million. And of course you've got total sales of parts is increasing at a steady rate, primarily being driven by very old truck population in North America and of course also a record number of Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF trucks worldwide over $1.5 million. So that looks good as the economy's improved. And freight companies now are pulling their trucks off the backlog and utilization is going up. They're finding they're needing to invest in their vehicles to get them ready to work again.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG: And from a bigger picture's perspective, are you capacity constrained right now in the MX engine? So it's 20% of your fleet or 20% of your volume right now, but you're just ramping up the U.S. plant. Is capacity constraint an issue? Or is the 20% kind of where the natural demand is falling out for you?
Mark Pigott: It's just where the demand is, and we're very happy with it. It's fantastic. We've got plenty of capacity and the ability to increase that capacity. So in fact, that's a good point. I'm glad you raised it. As we look back over the last decade, it was in PACCAR because of a lot investment in our factories, Six Sigma and efficiency gains. We are actually having more capacity worldwide than we had five years ago, even though we have closed a facility and reduced the production at other facilities. So we're in excellent shape.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG: When you approach the customers of the MX engine, what is the fuel economy benefit if you look at a comparable truck and I know it's a little difficult because there's always different spec, but an average MX engine versus your standard traditional 15-liter engines, what's fuel economy benefit for customer?
Mark Pigott: Well, it varies, but I would say that the vast majority of our customers are enjoying a healthy improvement in fuel economy. That's all I can really say at this time.
Operator: Your next question is from Tim Denoyer of Wolfe Trahan.
Tim Denoyer - Wolf Trahan: Quick question for you on just the health of the North American trucking industry. Clearly, with the reduction and loss provisions, it seems to be getting better and with used truck prices getting better. But I would guess there's still a pretty significant proportion of the industry that's in the negative equity position, and that's probably, potentially one of the factors constraining your sales outlook. Can you talk about how that's been progressing? And potentially the implications for loss receivables going forward?
Thomas Plimpton: I think we've seen progressive improvement in our portfolio over the last four or five quarters. We see the health of our customers continuing to improve. And there's still challenges out there, but we think that the improving trend will continue.
Mark Pigott: We're seeing many of our customers' profitability, the ones that are publicly traded and report their earnings, are now getting back to sort of 2005 levels. So good profitability. Freight rates are going up. I think the health of the industry is certainly better than it has been for several years. It's had a couple of difficult recessionary shocks this decade. And obviously, we've also have to work through some substantial cost and price increases because of the emission regulations. But the companies that are out operating, unless they're intimately linked with, say, housing construction, those are going to be struggling. But they seemed to be in good shape.
Tim Denoyer - Wolf Trahan: So would you say it's the price increases on the EPA 10 trucks that may be a bigger factor in keeping demand levels below replacements? Or do you think it's more the health of the smaller end of the industry?
Mark Pigott: Actually, I think it's a broader question and that is the overall economic vitality of the U.S. economy. And that is a very broad topic, but as we have burdened our country with increased legislation and taxation, that has made our recovery in the U.S. very weak. And there's not a strong outlook through any sector that I can see about the U.S.-based company really having a lot of growth. Now if you're selling into China or Asia, other markets, yes, you're seeing some real strong benefits. But if you are a trucking company operating in the U.S., it's still plenty of challenges. It's recessionary in many cities and as you travel around the country as we do, there are many states that are in very difficult shape. So being the trucking industry, obviously, but manufacturing and financial services, that's all. It's just an ongoing challenge. It's going to be tough for the next couple of years.
Tim Denoyer - Wolf Trahan: And then one more on the long-term product line in North America. It does seem like you're switching focus a little bit more to more medium-duty trucks. I suppose we can talk more about this tomorrow, but can you give me a sense of longer term how do you expect that mix to change?
Mark Pigott: I don't think there's actually that much of a change. The market is the traditional medium duty. Let's call that Class 6, 7 is really pretty stable. But at levels that are about half of what it was five years ago, we don't see that substantially increasing. So you're finding that people are going towards the medium heavy, if you will, or the greater than 15 ton, and then they might be shifting more to the six ton and below. And I think there's plenty of growth in all those markets.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David Leiker of Robert W. Baird.
Keith Schicker - Robert W. Baird: It's Keith Schicker on the line for David. I was just wondering if you could comment on sort of the capital spending outlook beyond 2011 as the markets recover, hopefully recover. It looks like your guidance for 2011 already puts you right about where you were at the last cycle peak in terms of capital expenditures. I'm just wondering how I should think about how much money you're going to be investing during the course of the next cycle as we get up to higher volumes?
Mark Pigott: I think your analysis is accurate. It does get us towards the peak of the last cycle, and it's probably a fair comment. I think that's all we can really add to it right now.
Keith Schicker - Robert W. Baird: And then if I look at the Europe market or the European market, is DAF -- are you stronger in the north or the south? Are you benefiting from stronger recovery in the Northern European economies? Is that having any impact on the market share gains? Just elaborate a little bit on the regional exposure in Europe.
Mark Pigott: That's a very excellent question. Actually DAF is strong in almost every market in Europe. Market share leader in Belgium, Netherlands, U.K. We're number two in Italy. We're number two in France. We're number three in Germany. We're the market share leader in Hungary, Czech Republic, Poland. We have a growing presence in Spain and Portugal and moving into Russia. So obviously, Germany is the economic driver in the European Union. And DAF being number one overall in Europe in tractors has really benefited from the increase in freight. So our focus is to continue to grow in all markets and also have a particular emphasis on the vocational markets. So DAF did an outstanding job.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ben Elias of Sterne Agee.
Ben Elias - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Do you think we're sort of underestimating demand levels in Europe? We had a transmission supply talking about your being strong, but a lot of that being exported out of Europe? Are we satisfying demand in Europe right now because a lot of that going up, so we're under counting?
Mark Pigott: That's a good question. No, our customers, our dealers are very happy in Europe. Our dealer's inventory levels are close to five-year lows. The dealers are doing well. They've been through a difficult time, but they've done a fantastic job working in partnership with DAF. Certainly, there's an increase in product going to other markets, but the European customers are getting all the products that they're requesting. So we're in good shape.
Ben Elias - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Second, you had a competitor yesterday talk about supply bottlenecks and shortages, especially with the specialty steel, with microchips, truck frames, things like that. And they commend that as production rates rise, this is going to be an issue going forward. How do you address that?
Mark Pigott: I'm not sure what the competitors are doing, but I do know our approach is very much a collaborative partnership with our suppliers. First, we pride ourselves on paying our bills in a very timely basis. Many of our competitors seem to drag it out. Maybe they've got cash flow issues, I'm not sure. Second, we invest in our suppliers where we'll actually purchase capital equipment, which allows them to increase their capacity, increase their quality, reduce their cost, improve their profitability. Third, we have an active Six Sigma program where we will go in and train our suppliers. Everybody from the shop floor to management on how to run their business. And fourth, we invite them into our engineering group at an early stage to get their input on new designs and how they can best partner with us. So that's how we approach it, and it works very, very well.
Ben Elias - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: And lastly, you did talk about the state of the economy. And I think, we're drowning in debt. So you seem to have a lot of cash, plenty of it. Any thoughts on allocating some of that cash? I know R&D and CapEx are going up. Any thoughts on the portfolio?
Mark Pigott: Well, we continue to evaluate different opportunities, but we did increase our quarterly dividend, which is appreciated by our shareholders. And as you have rightfully noted, we will be increasing our investments on a global basis. And interesting enough, through this recession, the cash question has not come up because it's certainly been a benefit for PACCAR. And it's a cyclical industry, and we want to provide a great return to our shareholders. We want to be able to invest in world-class products and grow on a global basis. So that's our use.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Seth Weber of RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Just a follow-up to the kind of a broader economic landscape discussion you're talking about before. Have you noticed any change in order patterns where customers are kind of waiting till the bitter end or till they can't really just hold out any longer before they order? So closer in versus couple of years ago?
Mark Pigott: Well, it's a good question. I think you could actually apply that question to the broader consumer that we all run into on a daily basis. There's been many pronouncements and headlines about the recession is over, but I think whoever came out with that has forgotten to tell the basic consumer because, you know what, in many towns across this great country, it certainly doesn't feel like the recession is over. So obviously, that has an impact on our customers and the trucking in general that people are saying, is it over? You say it is, but I see my neighbor's house just went into foreclosure. Nobody's building any new homes. Car production is at 30-year low. Consumer spending is not really strong, I would say. So people are saying, tell me when I can see three, four strong economic growth quarters in a row then I'll feel better about it. And that applies to you, me and all of our customers.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Are you able to use just locations to try and grow share in your Finance business? Is your cash bringing a greater percent of sales with the PACCAR Finance?
Thomas Plimpton: Yes, we have, particularly in the recent months, we've seen our share penetration grow somewhat. We're very active with our dealers and our customers and supporting them in buying Kenworth, Peterbilt products around the world. So really focused on growing with good customers.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: On the CapEx ramp, is any meaningful part of that a reflection on any increased investment with the supply chain? Or is it just kind of as normal?
Mark Pigott: I think the supply chain is as normal.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Lawrence [ph] Devin [ph] of JM Advisors LLC [ph] .
Unidentified Analyst: I was wondering what your thoughts might be on the future for natural gas-powered vehicles in the heavy truck industry and the likelihood of that becoming a significant factor and any comments you have as to timing and implications for PACCAR?
Thomas Plimpton: Well, LNG, CNG, that's what your talking about? We've been pioneers on that. We have product running, certain ports are advocates of it. We have great product. We have strong partnerships with different major industry suppliers. In terms of a significant share, probably not in the short term. Diesel really is the most efficient and effective power source for commercial vehicles. And well, if you go to Europe, for cars also. But we offer LNG, CNG and for those applications that desired, we are there. And we have I think the world's best solution, but in diesel, we continue to be the major driver for quite the foreseeable future.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Daniel Johansson of NBIM.
Daniel Johansson: I have a question on the European revenue. If I look at the way to show it, it seems to be up 19% year-on-year. But I guess, you have 10% or so of currency headwind in there so on a like-for-like basis, it would be up 30% or so. And if I assume that is equal to deliveries, I would have actually thought it would be up a bit more than it is if you compare it to some of your competitors from Northern Europe that have shown quite much stronger growth rate. So are we seeing or are we looking for catch-up in the fourth quarter?
Mark Pigott: From your accent, you sound like you might be spending some time with our friends in Northern Europe. Well, I can't comment on what they're doing or not doing. I know that DAF is doing an excellent job. It seems to be the number two position, overall share in Europe. And we're getting good orders in. Our dealers are in great shape. So we are looking for DAF to increase its production rates in the fourth quarter as we've indicated and continue to grow.
Daniel Johansson: But if you know, if your competitors are delivering up to 80% more vehicles and you're running at some 30% up, is this a market share issue? Is it a regional issue? Is there any difference?
Mark Pigott: There is no issue. We're second largest supplier in Europe, and we're very happy our customers. Our customers are loving it, and we're getting many customers every week that are pleased to work with DAF and give their business to us for fantastic products. So not sure if there's any issue, but we're excited. We're pleased where we are and we're moving ahead.
Daniel Johansson: And maybe I missed this earlier on the call, but have you sort of like if I wait to get your market assumptions or so it seems like your revenue is going to be up some 30% or so next year according to the estimates you've given out. All else equal. Have you given some assumption on what sort of incrementals we should look for? Or how to think about that into next year?
Mark Pigott: No, we're still evaluating how that'll shake out.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Ann Duignan of JP Morgan.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just on the back of the last caller's question, when we were over at IAA, we did meet with some of your DAF management, and they did say that they were having some supply constraints, particularly on things like, I think they mentioned actually brakes. Is that something that just was a ramp-up issue? Or could it be an issue for the industry as we go into 2011 that suppliers just can't keep up with demand? I know you talked about your investment in suppliers, but that's maybe more a U.S.?
Mark Pigott: No, we do it worldwide. We're in good shape. I'm glad you had a chance to visit the stand and hopefully you were impressed by the wonderful selection of vehicles.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: But they did say they have supply constraints. I don't understand.
Mark Pigott: Everyday, there's something going on when you run large multinational companies. We're in good shape, Ann.
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Robin Easton: I'd just like to thank everyone for their excellent questions. And thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-27 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Robin Easton - CFO Mark Pigott - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Thomas Plimpton - Vice Chairman and Principal Financial Officer
Analysts: Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Tim Denoyer - Wolf Trahan Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc. J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co. Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners LLC Chase Becker - Credit Suisse Ben Elias - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc. Mike Roarke - McAdams Wright Ragen, Inc. Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Timothy Thein - Citigroup Inc Joel Tiss - Lehman Brothers
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PACCAR's Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Mr. Robin Easton, PACCAR's Treasurer. Mr. Easton, please go ahead.
Robin Easton: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Robin Easton, Treasurer of PACCAR. And joining me this morning are Mark Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ron Armstrong, Senior Vice President; and Michael Barkley, Vice President, Controller. As with prior conference calls, if there are members of the media participating, we request that they participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Mark Pigott.
Mark Pigott: Good morning. PACCAR today reported improved revenues and net income for the second quarter of 2010. PACCAR's second quarter sales and Financial Services revenue were $2.46 billion compared to $1.85 billion in the second quarter of 2009, a 33% improvement. Net income improved to $99 million compared to $26 million a year ago. I'm very proud of our 16,000 employees who have delivered outstanding performance to our shareholders and customers in an uneven and unsettled global economy. PACCAR's financial results reflect the benefits of higher truck deliveries worldwide and a continued improvement in aftermarket parts sales and Financial Services results. However, the North American and European truck markets remained at historically low levels. In the U.S. and Canada, our customers are starting to adjust to the higher- priced vehicles that have resulted from the EPA 2010 emission change. The European truck registrations for the second quarter improved 17% compared to the first, but despite that favorable increase, the European truck market year-over-year is still down. We expect the 15-ton market registrations in Europe to be between 160,000 units and 170,000 units this year, comparable to the 168,000 units last year. U.S. and Canadian retail truck sales are estimated to improve to a range of 110,000 to 130,000 units this year compared to 108,000 last year. While the global economic outlook is still uneven, the truck market is stabilizing. PACCAR truck build in the third quarter is expected to be slightly better than the second quarter. I would note that production at our DAF factories in Europe will have their regularly scheduled two-week summer shutdown. We discussed during the analyst call in April the three-step process that the truck industry usually progresses as it recovers from a recession. First is improvement in parts and service, second in used truck values and third is more truck orders. In the U.S. and Canada, parts sales were up 10% to 15%, and used truck pricing increased 10%. The good news is that industry new truck orders for the first six months compared to a year ago are up 30%. Many of the orders are for production during the next six to 12 months. In Europe, a similar situation with parts business and used truck pricing improving by 10% to 15%. In Europe, as I previously noted, new truck sales are 15% lower than last year due to a slow first quarter, but the second half of the year should be up 20% compared to 2009. More good news is that DAF is the leader in the European market for on-highway tractor sales and has now achieved a record overall market share of 16.3%, the second highest market share in Europe. It's been a wonderful success story over the last decade for DAF. DAF is steadily progressing toward its medium-term goal of 20% market share in Europe. DAF heavy truck production is up 25% from first to second quarter this year and we expect that their production will be up 25% for the remainder of the year. Kenworth and Peterbilt build rates will be up 10% to 15% from the second to the third quarter. Our customers are benefiting from a 7% year-on-year improvement in freight volumes, higher freight rates and stable diesel prices. They continue to increase the utilization of their fleets, which in turn is driving increased aftermarket parts and service business for our dealers. PACCAR's aftermarket parts sales increased to $538 million for the second quarter, the highest level since the third quarter of 2008. Turning to margins, margins for trucks was primarily driven by higher pricing due to improved demand. PACCAR's strong balance sheet and positive cash flow have enabled the company to continuously reinvest in the business, enhance operating efficiency and develop innovative new products such as the PACCAR MX diesel engine. I'm pleased to note that we're now installing the MX engine in approximately 15% of Kenworth and Peterbilt vehicles. Assembly of the PACCAR MX engines began last month at our industry-leading manufacturing facility in Columbus, Mississippi. Early feedback from our customers of the PACCAR MX engine has been excellent. On a broader scale in the U.S. and Canada, the substantial majority of Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks are being produced with the EPA 2010 engines. I know a number of you are interested in it, but there appears to be about a 5% shift to 13-liter engines year-on-year. PACCAR Financial Services revenues were $239 million in the second quarter compared to $247 million a year ago, reflecting a lower level of assets. PACCAR's Financial second quarter pretax income was $34 million, more than double the $16 million earned in Q2 of 2009. This was achieved due to better finance margins and a reduction in the provision for credit losses. The credit loss provision for the second quarter 2010 was $20.2 million compared to $29.1 million in 2009. PACCAR's conservative approach to business complimented by its excellent credit ratings enables PACCAR Financial to offer competitive financing to Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF dealers and customers. The ongoing turmoil in the commercial real estate market is impacting regional banks in the U.S. which limits their ability to offer financing to truck customers, good news for PACCAR Financial. PACCAR Financial has excellent access to commercial paper and the medium-term note markets. Last month, PACCAR Financial sold a three-year $250 million fixed rate note at a rate of 2.1%. Also during the quarter, PACCAR completed the renewal of a $2 billion credit facility. PACCAR's investment of $3.8 billion in the last decade has enabled the company to enhance its operating efficiency, develop new products, strengthen its dealer network and become an industry leader in information technology. As we all can see, from our iPads and newspapers and television every day, there continue to be many challenges facing the world economies. The global economic environment is still unsettled. However, PACCAR's balanced approach in all phases of the business cycle positions us to generate improving results for our shareholders as the global economy recovers. Thank you. Look forward to your questions.
Robin Easton: We'd be happy to take questions now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of J. B. Groh of D. A. Davidson.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co.: The thing that pops out immediately is the real strong gross margin performance in the quarter. Can you maybe help us understand, attribute that? I’m sure part of it's driven by better volumes, but is there input cost benefits in there or anything else that you can point to that drove that good margin?
Mark Pigott: Well, we commented in the opening statement gross margin was really driven primarily by some increased volume and better pricing, particularly as there’s been increased demand throughout the marketplace.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Are you able to get margin on some of the higher-priced trucks with the new engines? I know that the cost has been passed through, but is there any margin, whatever it is, $8,000 to $10,000 increase?
Mark Pigott: Yes, it's an $8,000 to $10,000 increase. We're starting to see slightly improved margins as the overall market is getting a little bit stronger. It's still a challenge for many of our customers to recognize that $8,000 to $10,000 price increase, but as the freight business improves, as their freight rates are increasing, as there's a little bit more business for our customers, they’re starting to see the benefits of it.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co.: And I noticed a top headline today in one of the trade rags about fleets raising driver pay and I know in the past, you guys have talked about your premium brands being sort of a driver retention tool, which I guess when turnover was pretty low, that wasn't probably as attractive a prospect. But now it looks that things are kind of turning the other way. Can you maybe address that?
Mark Pigott: Yes. A number of our customers are increasing their pay somewhat, although there are still a fair number of potential candidates out there, particularly as the housing/construction market is at 50-year lows. But all these fleets want the best drivers that are available in the marketplace and using a Kenworth, Peterbilt or DAF product as an inducement to join their fleet is always a great idea and we encourage it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Tiss of Buckingham Research.
Joel Tiss - Lehman Brothers: Have you sold through all your Cat engines?
Mark Pigott: They will be pretty much gone this quarter.
Joel Tiss - Lehman Brothers: Can you give us any sort of an idea how many trucks you shipped in the second quarter in the U.S. and Europe versus the first quarter?
Mark Pigott: We typically aren't breaking that out too much, but we shipped a comparable number between second and first quarter for the U.S. The first quarter, as you may recall, still has some carry over 2009 engines. The second quarter was really the customers adjusting to the 2010 pricing.
Joel Tiss - Lehman Brothers: And then your comment on the 13-liter mix, is that saying that now 13-liter’s about 40% of the total mix?
Mark Pigott: Not for us, it's not. Obviously, in Europe, it's the entire mix. But in North America, it's still probably more in the 20% range, but improving.
Joel Tiss - Lehman Brothers: Can you comment a little bit on the inventory levels of your dealers?
Mark Pigott: They’re at about five- or six-year lows, so our dealers are in great shape making strong profits as the Parts & Service business returns, used truck pricing is improving and they're in, very, very good shape financially.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse.
Chase Becker - Credit Suisse: It’s Chase Becker in for Jamie. Just a bigger-picture question on the announcement of DAF in South America, I know obviously this is probably not a huge near-term impact, but was wondering kind of if you could speak to longer-term strategy and kind of the investments that you feel that you need to make to be a meaningful player in that market?
Mark Pigott: That’s a great question. I’m glad you brought it up. As you've seen from the reports, DAF has really become one of the major leaders in the European market, Western and Central Europe, now over 16% market share; great product, great dealers and really a terrific company. So as we are more comfortable with the strengths of what's going on in Europe, we're taking a look at South America. And we've sold in South America particularly with our Kenworth brand for many decades, but in America Sur region, which is most of the product being sold in South America, we've only sold in very limited numbers. So recently in the last few years as we evaluate growth opportunities, that seems to be a very strong candidate. Most likely, we'll take a manufacturing facility in order to meet local content regulations and also to qualify for some of the national finance programs that are available to customers in Brazil and Argentina. And as you've heard from many of our competitors, they seem to be gaining most of their profitability from the strong South American market. We compete against these same competitors around the world and do very well. So I think over time, we should have a very strong, profitable and growing presence in South America.
Chase Becker - Credit Suisse: Did you care to touch on the potential timing of a manufacturing facility?
Mark Pigott: They usually take a couple of years to get up and running and in place, but we will see what happens.
Chase Becker - Credit Suisse: Just on the material cost side, sounds like not seeing much headwinds right now, but wondering what your expectations are for the back half of the year. One of your suppliers was talking about it this morning?
Mark Pigott: Well, we track all of the major commodities around the world and obviously, now things have slowed. We have very good relations with all of our suppliers, dealing with commodity pricing. We have long-term agreements with them that hopefully will minimize the impact of the pricing swings. So at this time, minimal impact, but you can never tell as the world may go on a different tangent.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Henry Kirn with UBS.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: Could you chat about how Europe trended through the quarter? If you saw improvements as the quarter went on?
Mark Pigott: Sure. Europe started out slow for the whole industry in the first quarter. The second quarter definitely gained some momentum. As I said, it's up 17% second quarter to first. And orders continue to be good. Obviously, some countries are stronger than others. Some of the southern countries, Spain and Italy, are still challenged, but a little more confidence among our customers. Our dealers, once again, are in very good shape in Europe as they are in North America. So they're continuing to invest and add new service facilities, which help to grow our business. And I think as I shared with you, our DAF production is up about 25%. Some of that is obviously gaining market share as people really enjoy the DAF product. And I think the European market is steadily improving, but even with that, we're looking for the number of registrations this year to be comparable, maybe a little bit more than last year, but 2011 could be better again.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: Is there anything you can highlight for either a segment of the market or a geography where you're gaining some of the share?
Mark Pigott: Well, we are now number one in Europe in the On-highway Tractor segment, so that's the vehicles that you see up and down the motorways. That's been a very excellent result and a very long process of developing the right product for our customers. A growth opportunity for us is continuing to grow in the Off-highway or Construction segment. That tends to be a little bit more regionalized. Certainly the biggest market would be Germany and I think we still have a few competitors in Germany that seem to have a strong presence there. But overall, Northern Europe, DAF is doing well in every country. If we're not number one, most likely we're number two. So we see continued growth opportunities as we add more service facilities. We continue to invest in new products. We've got Euro 6 coming up in 2013. It’s going to be another exciting inflection point for our industry. So just good, steady progress. Excellent team.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Volkmann of Jefferies & Company.
Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: You provided some helpful detail here, Mark, overall, but also I'm going to ask with respect to your production volumes as we go forward, I think you mentioned Kenworth and Peterbilt would be up 10% to 15% in the third quarter. You reminded us about the DAF shutdown. Should I read that to be DAF is maybe flattish in the third quarter?
Mark Pigott: I think that's an excellent assessment.
Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: So is there any reason not to think that the fourth quarter sequentially should continue to improve over the third quarter, with respect to production for the overall company?
Mark Pigott: I think that's another excellent assessment.
Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Is there any reason on the margin side, and I would agree, good job on the margin this quarter, any costs that we should be aware of that kind of start to ramp up in the second half as volume comes up. Are there any costs that need to be brought back that would lead us to be a little more cautious on margins in the second half?
Mark Pigott: No. It's a good question. I mean, obviously, we touched on this a little bit with some of the commodity pricing, which is still very variable around the world, depending on major macro influences. But I would just say on the margin -- and we have to take a look at a 20-year horizon. When you look at that, the U.S. and Canadian and European truck markets are still down at those 20-year lows. So the volumes overall for the entire industry are improving, but they're still at a very low level. And I think in order to get solid margin enhancement, we need to get back to not the heyday of 2006, but certainly '04, '05 and maybe even 2007. So that's going to have a big influence on the margin growth.
Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: On your MX engine, 15% of your Kenworth and Peterbilt vehicles would be MX now. What's the overall target for that over whatever time period you choose? And what's the outlook for actually kind of full production rather than just assembly here in the U.S.?
Mark Pigott: Well, as the market improves, we're looking for further growth. Obviously, the template that we've designed the MX engine on is based on the success of the engine in the DAF product. And as you know, we're standard and essentially exclusive with our own product, as many of the other competitors are. But it’s going to take some time to ramp up. We certainly will be expecting to get well over half our products. We'll have our engine as we continue to grow our business, but that's what going to take some time. The other element that was not really addressed is that we're seeing some real success in selling our powertrain around the world to independent manufacturers. And that still small numbers but starting to gather some traction.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Thein of Citigroup.
Timothy Thein - Citigroup Inc: First on the PACCAR Financial Services, I'm wondering if you could comment -- one of your competitors had noted some higher increased competition from some of the bank and leasing companies in certain Western European markets. And I'm curious if you can comment in terms of the financing landscape in your key Western, especially Northwestern European markets, as well as what the penetration rate in the quarter for the Financial Services business in Europe was?
Mark Pigott: I think the competition levels are comparable to what we've seen historically. Banks are always going to be there and offering competitive rates and we try to show we're the best in terms of providing the service to support the customers long term. In terms of penetration, we were at 25% for the first half, consistent with where we've been historically.
Timothy Thein - Citigroup Inc: And in terms of the production schedule for the back half of this year, how many -- in terms of the dealer inventory levels, where are they versus where they were a year ago? I'm just getting at if you have a kind of a flattish retail market, why you wouldn't see production rise more than what you're kind of suggesting in your commentary?
Mark Pigott: Well, taking a look at Europe, which is a little bit behind, a little bit ahead depending on how you look at the markets and the economic cycle, our dealer inventory for DAF products is probably half of what it was a year ago. So they're in great shape and we are seeing an increase in production. And as I mentioned, DAF production is up about 25% year-on-year, so that's significant and we expect that will run out at that same rate during the rest of the year, recognizing we do have a normally scheduled two-week summer shutdown that will affect DAF production. And in North America, once again, the dealer new truck inventory is five- to six-year lows, so they're in great shape. And Kenworth and Peterbilt production will improve. It had a good first quarter. Things slowed down the second quarter and we look for some improvement on the second half.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Uhlman of Cleveland Research.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: Mark, I think you mentioned that 15% of your trucks were now taking a MX engine and then you had also mentioned 20% later. Is the difference the C13 engine from Caterpillar?
Mark Pigott: Yes, that's correct.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: Could you talk about what the impact was from currency to sales and earnings this quarter?
Thomas Plimpton: That impact on earnings for the quarter was fairly modest. It was about $4 million and most of that came from in the Australian dollar. And the impact in the first half is about $14 million. A lot of that was in the first quarter and had to do again with the Australian and Canadian dollar movements.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: Could you talk about the demand trends that you're seeing in Eastern Europe?
Mark Pigott: You bet. Breaking out, let's call it Central, Eastern Europe versus Western Europe, it's kind of interesting because year-on-year, that's the first six months, Central, Eastern Europe is up about 20%; Western Europe -- these are registrations I'm talking about, 15-ton higher -- Western Europe is down about 20% for the first six months. So you blend those together and they’re down about 17%. So Eastern Europe, even though there's plenty of challenges and you see those in the paper, those economies are still chugging along and people are interested in doing business there. They typically have low corporate tax rates. They have attractive business programs to invite new businesses to settle into their countries. So we're seeing some growth, but Central Europe total market is about 12%, 14% of the Western European market, so it's still a lot smaller.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meredith Taylor of Barclays Capital.
Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital: I'm hoping that you can address your end market outlook, both for North America and for Europe. I noted that you took the high end of both of the ranges down. Can you talk a little bit about in both regions the scenarios that would have defined at the high end of the range and what you haven't seen take shape that caused you to take the high end of the range down?
Mark Pigott: Well, as we've been doing this for a long time, as we progress through the year, obviously, we got a little bit smarter on what the total market is doing. But looking at Europe first, we have a range of 160 to 170. That's strictly a range. Things can happen that will have an effect on that, but looking at the order input for the entire industry, and obviously, what we're getting at DAF and any of changes in market share between the competitors, it seemed to be probably close to 170,000, which is, as I mentioned earlier, comparable to last year, which is 168,000. 2011 could be better market if some of the momentum continues. In North America, we have a range of 110,000 to 130,000 units, which is up from 108,000. In fact, if you went to 130,000, it's up about roughly 20%. So we're seeing that in terms of the incoming order rate. Hopefully that's the first step in the trend to get back to the replacement demand, which we calculate is about 225,000 to 250,000 units for the U.S. and Canadian market.
Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital: Well, it sounds like as you talk about Europe, then the base case is closer to 170 than 160. Is the 160 still on the table in the event that you see some measurable slowing in Europe or what really defines the low end?
Mark Pigott: Six months ago, we're talking about the euro dollar exchange rate. There were a lot of people thinking, well, it's going to go 150, 160. Three months ago, they’re talking about one to one. Now they’re saying, well, it’s 130. I mean, a lot of things can still unravel in Europe that many economists can't even foresee. So we just give a range.
Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital: Can you walk us through the delinquency rates on a region-by-region basis in the quarter?
Mark Pigott: So overall past dues for the Financial Services segment were flat with slightly higher in U.S. and Canada and Europe and offset by a reduction in our Mexican and Australian portfolios. We do continue to see gradual improvement in the portfolio and customers are continuing to work through the rehabilitation process, if you will.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Casey of Wells Fargo.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: First on the South American growth opportunity, would you be entering with a full line or more on the tractor area? And then also are you expecting to support that production with engines or components from the Mississippi plant?
Mark Pigott: We'd be looking at a full line. Primarily, it's the DAF product. Most of South America prefers the cabover version and we're very pleased that we have the global leader in cabovers with the DAF, LF, CF and XF. In terms of the powertrain, that's a very important part of growing in South America. We have some very good suppliers there that can furnish us with componentry. And some of the product may come from Mississippi or may come from Eindhoven, just depending on what makes the best economical sense. Very exciting opportunity for us over time.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Dialing it back to the near-term, around the production projections, Q3 versus Q2, the 10% to 15% increase for Peterbilt, Kenworth, is that related mainly to the availability of the MX engine?
Mark Pigott: No. It's just markets perhaps getting a little bit stronger. If people want the MX, we are happy to provide it.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And then in Europe, this may have already been announced, but I may have missed it, the market’s improving, but still weak with some macro concerns overlaying. Is the government labor cost assistance still being eliminated or is that still up?
Mark Pigott: That’s a great question. I just want to say that, that program for the industry was very well thought out and very well instituted and really achieved its target of maintaining a reasonable level of employment, of giving some assurance and hope to many workers and many industries and also basically allowing companies to do some forward planning. That was a really excellent program. The program, the part-time unemployment has now expired in the Netherlands, but it continues in Belgium and in other countries. The good news is the markets are starting to improve and we're able to start hiring back some of our employees. So I think the programs were excellent for their time and now they’ll just be gradually phased out.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Pricing in the U.S. and Canadian market, clearly, you benefited in the second quarter from better pricing. What are you seeing, generally, from competitors as they go after some of these larger orders? Is it getting more competitive as you go forward or is it pretty much static?
Mark Pigott: I think there is many consistent themes in our industry as I'm entering my 33 year. One is PACCAR will produce the highest quality products in the industry. Second, most of our competitors will sell one thing -- cheap pricing. I think that's all I can really comment.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan of JP Morgan.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Well, I suppose I'd be remiss given all the discussion you've just had about how great your products are and the great share you gained in Europe. I was hoping that you would comment on Navistar's recent release that their product is 1% to 2.5% more fuel efficient than your wonderful T660 with an ISX 15-liter. Would you comment on just fuel efficiency overall, what you're finding out there and just what your reaction was to that press release?
Mark Pigott: Haven't seen the press release. All I know is what our customers tell us. They love our product.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And what are they saying about fuel efficiency?
Mark Pigott: Yes. We're the leader, continue to be the leader and there's always somebody that will say something, but let's let the market decide.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: You haven't done any testing yourselves in terms of your engine?
Mark Pigott: We've done plenty of testing. You know that and you've been here. We’re the leaders in testing. 50 million miles for our engine. We test extensively. We have a very sophisticated testing. But at the end of the day, let's just let the customers decide. As I go to these used truck auctions and that would be probably fun for you to do sometime because you can really see the real world there and the Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAFs are getting 20% to 25% more for a comparable aged, spec’d vehicle. That's what's defining our product worth.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So you're products are holding up better in the used market? Is that what you're saying?
Mark Pigott: They have, they always will and that's a very important part of how we develop our product.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just kind of conceptually also, can you talk a little bit about why you chose Brazil as kind of your next region of expansion and not Asia? Just conceptually or strategically?
Mark Pigott: Well, actually, we’re in both areas. We've been in China for 100 years. So we certainly know that market. It's a huge market, as you're aware. It's got some different kinds of challenges in terms of the ownership capability for Western companies. There's still been no certifiable Western truck manufacturer that's ever made any money in China in a partnership. Now that's a challenge. But we are pleased after four years in a row, the PACCAR engine has been named the diesel bus Engine of the Year in China. We're selling a lot of our product in China. Brazil, America Sur, South America is a market, once again, that we've been in for over 50 years. We're the market share leader in a number of the countries. Columbia comes to mind. And it's a market that is in a slightly different place in terms of its evolution of owner operators, medium- and large-sized fleets. There still seems to be the opportunity to gain significant gross margins on vehicle sales, as you've seen over your years of covering the industry. Any of our competitors that are in South America, particularly Brazil, which is the largest market in South America, seemed to gain an inordinate amount of their net income from those markets when it's going well. We're a leader in every market we’re in and we think the product will be very well accepted. And we're looking forward to growing in South America.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Joel Tiss of Buckingham Research.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Alex in for Joel actually. I was just hoping you could talk about how many parked trucks are there in the U.S. right now?
Mark Pigott: I don't think anybody knows exactly how many parked trucks. I think the best comment would be there's a lot less than there was a year ago and many of our customers have no truck parked.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Nolan of Deutsche Bank.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG: On the 13-liter shift, the 5% shift, was that you or the industry?
Mark Pigott: I say it's both.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG: And is it a matter of who's buying trucks or is it really customers shifting down from 15s to 13s.
Mark Pigott: I don't think there's any shifting down. The 13-liter is the preferred engine throughout the world. And I think there’s just a growing realization of the benefits of the 13-liter in terms of fuel economy, light weight, ease of maintenance and certainly, it will deliver comparable torque and horsepower. No, I think it’s just people coming to grips that the U.S. and Canadian market really cannot be an island in the global truck world, recognizing that this is what the vast majority of people use for power in their vehicles worldwide.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG: And when you look at your share in the second quarter, were you supply constrained? I know you guys were doing the changeover quicker than most in the industry. Was there a supply issue that your share was a little weaker in the second quarter versus the first?
Mark Pigott: No, I think the main impact was that we made the shift to 2010 engines, as we always make the shift to new technology faster than any of our competitors, and thus, there was a price differential as we were passing along the 2010 pricing versus the old 2009 pricing.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG: Do you expect the share to come back some in the…
Mark Pigott: I'm sure it will over time. It always does.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG: And just more of a detail question, can you give us an idea of what financials you both did quarter-over-quarter in the Finance business?
Mark Pigott: Can you repeat that? I didn't quite hear that.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG: The balance of the [indiscernible] (48:00) receivables on the balance sheet, what they did quarter-over-quarter?
Thomas Plimpton: I think we were down $400 million to $500 million in the quarter. Part of that was currency and part of that’s just lower level of truck sales that we continue to see in the markets.
Mark Pigott: You’re talking receivables?
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG: Right.
Mark Pigott: Yes, the asset base is getting a little bit smaller. The good news is that probably getting close to the bottom, and as our customers see improved business and start purchasing more, that we'll see Finance Company assets growing and our total Finance Company will grow.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Denoyer of Wolfe Trahan.
Tim Denoyer - Wolf Trahan: Can you give a little more color on the margin impacts that the increase in parts and service had or was that material enough?
Mark Pigott: No, the margins for parts and service was pretty comparable to what we've seen before. Parts business is improving as we mentioned, as more customers are fixing up their trucks and they're seeing some freight growth and taking trucks off the parked status. But margins for parts is comparable to what we've seen.
Tim Denoyer - Wolf Trahan: Can you give a little more color on South America and the strong result that you posted geographically outside of the U.S. and Europe, in terms of was that being driven by mostly South America or were there other markets involved?
Mark Pigott: Our two primary markets would be Mexico where we are celebrating our 51st year and we're also celebrating probably over 50% market share. So that's going well. Australia is also a very strong market. We're the market leader there and Australia did a very good job of navigating the difficult economic times over the last few years and seems to be in a pretty steady recovery area.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Mark, when we've seen successful new product cycles for your business in the past, we saw the momentum on share gains continue really for a couple of years. Do you see potential for your European share gain in the back half of the year to improve further from here based on your order share? Do you have any visibility there?
Mark Pigott: Well, we do have great products and I appreciate your support of that. Of course, Kenworth, the T700 is really doing well. Peterbilt's got some exciting new products themselves. We continue to be recognized by many of the industry groups, such as the American Truck Dealers as the Peterbilt 384. Right now, when you look at the U.S. and Canadian market, whether it's 110,000, 120,000 units, it's still at about a 20-year low. So it's still at the bottom now. It's improving, so that's the good news. Our share will improve over time, but there's a number of competitors that still are actively selling engines that were built last year. There's certainly a price differential on that. So this year is certainly a year of flux as customers are working their way between what engine do they buy, how is the economy generally recovering. But then you've got the countervailing concerns about housing build, 50-year low, car production, 20-year low. I mean, these are major drivers for freight movement in our country and also have a big effect on what our customers see. So 2010 is certainly a better year than 2009, but it's still a very challenging year.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And Mark, today, can you address the same question for the European business? So my question is considering the share gains you delivered in the first quarter and based on what you're seeing out of your order share, do you think your retail share will be higher in the back half of '10 than the first half? Looks like customers are clearly voting with their wallets. Question is, is there further momentum on this product cycle for you in Europe?
Mark Pigott: Great question. In Europe, I think the share will be sort of comparable to what we have now. There's certainly a range that will fluctuate in between. We continue to add service points and the customers love the DAF product. Our share in Europe is lower than it is in the U.S. and Canada. So there's still some opportunity. But there's also different dynamics. There's a little different economic headwinds you run into in Europe. Every country has a slightly different challenge and different opportunity. Also a number of our competitors in Europe are not present in North America and some of those competitors have their own unique challenges. So it's a different market.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Mark, you mentioned an improvement in pricing, which was great to hear. Is that centered more in the U.S. and Europe or is that pretty broad-based?
Mark Pigott: I think the improvement in pricing we're seeing in most of our markets is just early days coming out of a very tough recession and still in a challenging year. So I think I’m proud of the team for getting improved margins, but it's going to take a number of more successful quarters and a much stronger economy in Europe and in North America to continue to get margin enhancement.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Leiker of Robert W. Baird.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Mark, I don't think I heard you talk about this, but in the North American market, over the last couple quarters, there's been a disparity of different segments of the market and how they're recovering. Have those started to recover a little bit more in line or is there still some lagging areas?
Mark Pigott: No, there's definitely some lagging areas. Anything to do with construction, the commercial or residential or let's call it manufacturing, are down. Whether it's a five-year, 10-year, 20-year or 50-year low, they're down. Now some of the retail main street may be seeing some improvements although a number of the big chains are pretty flat year-on-year. So there's definitely some unevenness, as we've said in our press release.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: But what about within the Truck segment, the severe service versus on-highway versus truckload? Is there any…
Mark Pigott: There is some and it would take most of the day to go through it all. But certain of our customers focus on different segments. Some are doing very well. You've seen many of the financial reports from the publicly-traded truckload carriers. Some of them are seeing some good improvement. Others are maybe struggling a little bit more because the segment that they're focused on hasn't recovered too much of an extent. And some of the customers have a, let's call it a mix of customer base, and so their results may be a little bit more on the flat end. But all in all, the good news is freight has improved. It's still about 10 points lower than it was at its peak two years ago. Diesel fuel is relatively stable. Freight rates, as some of our customers are starting to see a little bit of improvement in freight rates. But a lot of the customers are still holding on to their older equipment because they just want to see does this "recovery" really have any legs or will next month bring some other challenge.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: As you look at volume and recovery, can you walk us through what your strategy plans are for ramping production back up?
Mark Pigott: It's a very straightforward strategy, one we've had for 105 years. And that is, if you want our product, we will build it for you in a very reasonable amount of time. We have a lot of flexibility in our factory. We have the most efficient and productive truck manufacturing factories in the world. And so as volume increases and we get more orders, we'll increase our production.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Roarke of McAdams Wright Ragen.
Mike Roarke - McAdams Wright Ragen, Inc.: What percentage of loans are 30 days past due in the Finance portfolio, please?
Mark Pigott: That was – you heard 4%.
Mike Roarke - McAdams Wright Ragen, Inc.: Okay 4%, so about flat. And then what is the amount of used equipment on the balance sheet right now?
Thomas Plimpton: We've made significant strides in reducing our level of used equipment and we’re down to between 1,500 and 2,000 units.
Mike Roarke - McAdams Wright Ragen, Inc.: And do you have a dollar value assigned to that, please?
Thomas Plimpton: I don't have it offhand. It's probably $75 million or so.
Mark Pigott: We can send that out to you.
Mike Roarke - McAdams Wright Ragen, Inc.: I think I heard on the manufacturing breakout that $538 million was attributable to aftermarket parts?
Mark Pigott: That's correct.
Mike Roarke - McAdams Wright Ragen, Inc.: What was the gross margin on that $538 million, kind of like you do in the 10-Q, if you could?
Thomas Plimpton: For the quarter, the aftermarket parts margin was 33.8%, which compares to 32.5% in the prior year's quarter…And then 33.7% for the six months and it's 33.8% for the six months last year, so it's comparable.
Mark Pigott: So we’ve had some improvement there.
Mike Roarke - McAdams Wright Ragen, Inc.: And then what was the gross margin in 2Q for the trucks, please?
Thomas Plimpton: The truck gross margin was 5% in Q2.
Mark Pigott: Good questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Elias of Sterne Agee.
Ben Elias - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: I was wondering if you could spend a couple of minutes talking about the capacity utilization in Europe. I think people, I guess, have moved from the argument that the fleet is kind of young and are thinking about the lack of capacity or the impending lack of capacity. What are you hearing from your dealers?
Mark Pigott: I'm not sure which capacity utilization are you talking about?
Ben Elias - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: The fleets, the number of trucks in the road and freight capacity?
Mark Pigott: I think there is good fleet capacity. Our dealers, that's not an issue for our dealers and our customers seem to be in good shape and if they need more capacity, they are purchasing trucks and the good news is DAF production is up about 25% year-on-year.
Ben Elias - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Okay, so you haven't heard anything from your customers that they need additional trucks in a shorter period of time?
Mark Pigott: Well, they're purchasing more trucks than they did a year ago. Of course, a year ago was in the middle of a very tough recession. So I think we are in good shape.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kristine Kubacki of Avondale Partners.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners LLC: I want to frame up a question that was kind of asked earlier. We've seen some rather lofty increases in the forecast for the next year, but understanding that the supply chain and your manufacturing can react only so fast thinking about it quarter to quarter, if we see demand really surge, kind of like what's the availability? Like could the supply chain react with a 50% increase? 100% increases? I mean, this is some of the forecast that we've seen the year-on-year.
Mark Pigott: You haven't seen those forecasts from us… I don't think so. I'm not sure who's forecasting that, but that would be quite an increase. I'm not sure a number of our competitors could meet that. Someone's talking about 100% improvement in the market size?
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners LLC: They’re out there…There's some forecasts that are pretty lofty out there for next year.
Mark Pigott: Maybe those are people who are actually not building trucks for a living so they're just forecasting. I can't really comment on that. We've got a great supply chain. Obviously, it's been through a tough couple of years with the recession. Once again, the good news, and this doesn't get a lot of press, is that PACCAR's really the only OEM that continues to invest in our suppliers, particularly on capacity and quality enhancement where we will put in multi-million dollar machinery to improve our suppliers. So our suppliers are in good shape and they relish the opportunity to produce more.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners LLC: Then changing directions a little bit, out of the EPA CARE workshop last week, it sounds like the EPA is going to make some changes to the FCR guidance after a comment period here in August. Do you expect any impact to adhering to these changes? Will there be any R&D investments or anything that we should look out for?
Mark Pigott: Well, we continue to work with the EPA and all the relevant environmental groups around the world. I think whatever changes are promulgated, we've had an opportunity to have some input to them and we will be a leader on meeting them. And as you know, everybody in the world, all major competitors, have aligned themselves on one environmental strategy and practice. So I think we're in good shape.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Tim Denoyer of Wolfe Trahan.
Tim Denoyer - Wolf Trahan: On used truck prices, you noted a pretty strong improvement in the first quarter and we’ve heard anecdotally that things continued to pick up in the second quarter, but I was wondering if you're seeing that as well?
Mark Pigott: Yes we are. Used trucks are having good improvement and we look forward to that improvement continuing through the year and into next year, particularly as the market ramps up and people need trucks to haul their increased freight. So the good news is that all of our trucks, Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF are still getting a 20% to 25% residual value greater than any other competitors.
Tim Denoyer - Wolf Trahan: Are there any specific segments of the market? I mean, I would guess that obviously, that the younger trucks where there's less supply are having the biggest price increases. But are you seeing any differences in mixes as you go older?
Thomas Plimpton: Yes, I think that is true. The late-model used vehicles have seen better appreciation because there is a lot of good miles left in those trucks and good demand for those.
Mark Pigott: I think we're seeing some on the day cabs. They seem to be strong.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stuart Herzanski [ph] of Vanguard.
Unidentified Analyst: In your release, you mentioned that your CapEx for the year, you're expecting I think around $175 million or so. I think for the first six months of the year, you were a little bit below $50 million. So is it fair to say that the second half of the year, you're going to be at about $125 million to $150 million?
Mark Pigott: That is correct. Yes. We got a lot of exciting projects we're working on and we are ramping up on them.
Unidentified Analyst: So could you provide any more color on that?
Mark Pigott: Not at this time. But it's a great question.
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Robin Easton: I’d just like to thank everyone for their excellent questions and thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's Earnings Call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Robin Easton – Treasurer Mark Pigott – Chairman and CEO Ron Armstrong – SVP Michael Barkley – VP and Controller
Analysts: Henry Kirn – UBS Meredith Taylor – Barclays Capital Jamie Cook – Credit Suisse Andy Casey – Wells Fargo Joel Tiss – Buckingham Research Adam Uhlman – Cleveland Research Steve Volkmann – Jefferies & Company Mike Roarke – McAdams Wright Ragen Kristine Kubacki – Avondale Partners Jerry Revich – Goldman Sachs Patrick Nolan – Deutsche Bank Ann Duignan – JPMorgan Keith Schicker – Robert W. Baird Basili Alukos – Morningstar Tim Denoyer – Wolf Trahan
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PACCAR’s first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today’s call is being recorded and if anyone has an objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Robin Easton, PACCAR’s Treasurer. Mr. Easton, please go ahead.
Robin Easton: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Robin Easton, Treasurer of PACCAR, and joining me this morning are Mark Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ron Armstrong, Senior Vice President; and Michael Barkley, Vice President, Controller. As with prior conference calls, if there are members of the media participating, we request if they participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Mark Pigott.
Mark Pigott: Good morning. PACCAR today reported improved revenues and net income for the first quarter of 2010. PACCAR’s first quarter sales and financial services revenue were $2.2 billion compared to $1.99 billion in the first quarter last year. Net income was $68 million compared to $26 million a year ago. PACCAR’s financial results reflect the benefits of higher truck deliveries in North America and an improvement in aftermarket part sales and financial services worldwide. PACCAR results for the first quarter benefited from a small pre-buy in the US and Canadian markets as customers took delivery of new vehicles with pre-EPA 2010 engines. As I have mentioned in previous calls, I am very proud of our 15,000 employees who have delivered outstanding performance to our shareholders and customers in a very challenging recession. PACCAR’s strong balance sheet and positive cash flow have enabled the company to continuously reinvest in the business, enhance operating efficiency, and introduce new products such as the PACCAR MX engine, which will be installed in Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks this summer. And on a personal note, I appreciate that many analysts on this call were able to view our many new products at the Mid-America Truck Show last month. I am pleased to share with you that we received over 1,500 orders for MX engines to be installed in Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks. We expect PACCAR’s build rate in the second quarter to be comparable to the first quarter. DAF production may increase slightly, while Kenworth and Peterbilt production will be lower as the North American truck industry adjusts to the new more expensive EPA 2010 engines. PACCAR Financial Services revenue was $246 million in the first quarter compared to $255 million a year ago. PACCAR Financial’s first quarter pretax income was $28 million compared to $15 million earned in Q1 2009, primarily due to better financed margins and a reduction in the provision for credit losses. The credit loss provision for the first quarter of 2010 was $21.7 million compared to $25 million in 2009. Just as a reminder, there was an $11 million reduction in finance margin in the first quarter of 2009, due to the adjustment from mark-to-market effects on derivative contracts. Other news in the market, used truck values in North America have increased by approximately $2,500 per vehicle for one-to-two year-old trucks, especially Kenworth and Peterbilt. PACCAR’s conservative approach to business complemented by an AA minus credit rating enables PACCAR Financial to offer competitive financing to Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF dealers and customers around the world. As you are aware, some of our competitors have exited the finance business or formed financing partnerships due to their weakening market positions. PACCAR Financial on the other hand has excellent access to the medium term note markets. In March of this year, PACCAR Financial sold a three-year $300 million floating rate note with an equivalent fixed rate of 2.17%. More good news, PACCAR’s quarterly aftermarket parts revenue of $505 million was the highest since the fourth quarter of 2008, as our dealers have more customers increasing their service business. Reviewing our dealers and customers, our 1,900 Kenworth, Peterbilt, and DAF dealer locations are leading the commercial vehicle industry in customer service, and many of our customers are benefiting from reasonable diesel prices, low driver turnover, and year-on-year increases in freight tonnage, even though freight rates continue to be low. Looking at the truck markets around the world, we expect a 15-ton plus market in Europe to be between 150,000 to 180,000 units this year comparable to the 168,000 in 2009. Some of you may know that DAF is currently the Number 2 truck manufacturer in Europe with over 16% profitable market share. Let’s see how that goes as the year progresses. US and Canadian industry retail truck sales are estimated to improve to the range of 110,000 to 140,000 units this year compared to 108,000 last year. As you know, the industry US and Canada received about 20,000 orders in the first quarter, so it ought to be a slightly stronger second half. PACCAR’s investment of $3.8 billion in the last decade has enabled the company to enhance its operating efficiency, develop new products, strengthen its dealer network, become an industry leader in information technology, and deliver shareholder equity of over $5 billion. Even with of that, there continues to be many challenges facing the transportation industry worldwide, impacted by high unemployment and low home construction and car production. The good news is that PACCAR’s balanced approach in all phases of the business cycle positioned us to generate improving results as the global economy recovers. Thank you and we look forward to your questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Henry Kirn with UBS.
Henry Kirn – UBS: Hi, good morning guys.
Mark Pigott: Good morning Henry.
Henry Kirn – UBS: Wondering if you could chat a little bit about what you are seeing in the European trucking end market, freight looks a little bit better, what do you think it’s going to take that to translate to better retail demand?
Mark Pigott: Well, Europe, you know is just having lots of different types of challenges, whether it’s some issues in Greece or just a simple thing like the volcano on Iceland or there is lots of ongoing economic challenges, particularly in southern Europe. And there might be some increase in freight rates at this time, but you know, we look at car production to be down throughout Europe this year, which has an impact on the amount of freight being hauled around Europe. So, I think it’s just going to continue to sort of be a market very similar to last year in terms of truck orders.
Henry Kirn – UBS: Thank you. And you mentioned on the aftermarket side, things look a little bit better. Could you talk about your expectations where aftermarket demand as we go through the year, and is this somewhat of a precursor to improved new demand?
Mark Pigott: Yes, I think, Henry, it’s a good point. You know, we look at the typical cycle and we have all been through many, many cycles in our careers. I usually see about a three-step process. One, is to see some improvement in the parts and services, customers go back to the dealerships to, you know, repair their existing vehicles. And as freight increases, you see some increased demand in values on used trucks and we are starting to see that, which is positive. And then finally, as used truck values increased to a point where customers are saying, you know, there may be some advantages to buying a new truck and there is enough freight to justify that, you see the new truck orders start to tick in. So, it’s really, you know, a pretty normal three-step process. We have seen it for decades, and right now, we are seeing our customers having a little better freight, which means, we are now taking the vehicles in to get the maintenance done, which is improving parts sales. I mentioned in my comments that used truck values have gone up about $2,500 per vehicle over the last year or two, particularly for late model vehicles, we still have ways to go on that. And then, you know, sometime in the medium-term future, we hope to see new truck orders improving. The general economy is still, there are a lot of challenges out there.
Henry Kirn – UBS: That’s helpful. Thanks a lot.
Mark Pigott: Thank you. Good question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meredith Taylor with Barclays Capital.
Meredith Taylor – Barclays Capital: Hi good morning.
Mark Pigott: Good morning Meredith.
Meredith Taylor – Barclays Capital: I am hoping to sort out, you can give us a little bit more color on the sequential production rates in the second quarter. You talked rather broadly about Europe up slightly with the US down, but can you give us a little more granularity there?
Mark Pigott: You know, I think what we laid out in the comments in the press release is that we look forward to be comparable to the first quarter. US and Canada, you know, for our Peterbilt and Kenworth groups, it’s slower as we essentially have gone through all the ’09 engines and customers are adapting and starting to understand that there is a $8,000 to $10,000 price impact on buying a new vehicle. That’s slowed things down, and I think it will continue to be slow for the second quarter. In Europe, our dealers are in good shape. They have low new truck inventory compared to a year or so ago. So, they are now looking to purchase some stock units, and we are seeing some improvement in market share with DAF. So, that’s translating to a little bit more production at our DAF company.
Meredith Taylor – Barclays Capital: Okay. Great. And then, you know, in Europe, last quarter, you talked about production being up 10% to 15% in a flat full-year market, can you talk a little bit about what you saw in the first quarter and then how you expect this to evolve over the balance of the year?
Mark Pigott: Yes, for DAF, as I said, because our dealers new truck inventory has been brought down to pretty much couple of year low levels, so they are in very good shape. We expect some improvement in year-on-year production at DAF and first quarter was comparable to a year ago, but we are starting to gather some momentum now. So, we think we will be maybe 10% up for the year.
Meredith Taylor – Barclays Capital: Okay. Great. And then just one last question, in Europe, can you talk a little bit about what your expectations are for the extension of temporary unemployment programs there?
Mark Pigott: That’s a great question. I think, well it’s by country-by-country. I think the Netherlands program, which obviously has a major impact on our facility in Eindhoven will expire at the end of June, and as you probably know, there is going to be a new government in place in the Netherlands. So, I think with some of the economic challenges and the new government, it’s unlikely that the part-time unemployment will be extended. In Belgium, it has a longer duration to run, and other countries, we really don’t have any manufacturing undertaking in slightly different approach. So, based on an excellent program, I complement the governments and agencies involved with it, came at a critical time for the industry and I think it has served its purpose.
Meredith Taylor – Barclays Capital: Can you quantify then, assuming that it does not get extended in the Netherlands, and then can you quantify what the impact will be for you?
Mark Pigott: I think the impact is very, very minimal. As we increase production, it will be pretty seamless.
Meredith Taylor – Barclays Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Mark Pigott: Good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse.
Mark Pigott: Good morning Jamie.
Jamie Cook – Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning. Couple of questions, one on the gross margin front, we saw another nice sort of sequential improvement, any color you can give on that front? And then my next question relates to, you know, you talked about Q2 in the US production being down because we won’t have any more transition engines, again is that – I guess can you just comment more specifically? I mean, I thought you guys did have some more Caterpillar engines and that you were running out of Cummins engines. So, if you could just comment on sort of that term, because I thought we had enough Cat engines anyway to get it through the end of the quarter, so that just sort of confuses me relative to 40% [ph].
Mark Pigott: Gross margin first?
Jamie Cook – Credit Suisse: Yes.
Ron Armstrong: Now, gross margins as a percentage of sales for parts in Q1 of ’10 was 33.7%, which compares to 32.7% in Q4 of ’09 and truck margins were 3% compared to 2.4% in Q4.
Jamie Cook – Credit Suisse: But on the truck side, are you seeing, was there any material cost benefit there, I am just trying to get more color within trucks specifically, too?
Mark Pigott: For Q1?
Jamie Cook – Credit Suisse: Yes.
Mark Pigott: I think the margins were up slightly on trucks in North America. Yes, of course you are now seeing the increase in commodity prices around the world, which will have an effect on any manufacturer that makes anything if you see, copper and others really start to increase after some lows in last year. So, it’s ongoing challenges, but our team is doing a great job in managing through the cost elements. On the engines and transition in Q1 and Q2, you know, for most of the industry, the vast majority of the engines and trucks built in Q1 in US and Canada were pre-2010 engines. That’s the same with us. PACCAR as we have done in every other engine transition, we adopt a new technology, we are the leader on that. So, we will have a minority of engines in Q2 being the, let’s call it, pre-2010 engines. And we are going to be putting in more of their Cummins 2010 engines. And maybe even a few PACCAR engines.
Jamie Cook – Credit Suisse: Okay. But, so there will be no – so you don’t have any leftover Caterpillar ’09 engines?
Mark Pigott: You know, there will be handful of it, but it’s a minority.
Jamie Cook – Credit Suisse: Okay. And then just last question, you know, on the SG&A front, it’s you know, been increasing little over the past three quarters and this is the first quarter we saw a year-over-year increase. I guess, just Ron, how you are thinking about, you know, SG&A in dollars for the year, if you could give any color?
Mark Pigott: Okay.
Ron Armstrong: (inaudible) SG&A, the run rate that we currently have is pretty indicative of what we expect for the rest of the year against Q1 of ’09, about $4 million of that increase is due to currency. So, really pretty flat.
Jamie Cook – Credit Suisse: Okay. Great. I will get back in queue.
Mark Pigott: Good questions. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Casey with Wells Fargo.
Mark Pigott: Good morning Andy.
Andy Casey – Wells Fargo: Good morning Mark, good morning everyone. Question on the financial services, given that you are seeing, I think you said, used equipment prices starting to go up, should we see the provisions start to go down more dramatically than they really did in the quarter if we compare to the fourth quarter?
Mark Pigott: I think we have seen, you know, gradual improvement over the last year in terms of past dues and credit losses, and I think that has proved that gradual improvement is what we see as we go forward. You know, there is still a difficult operating environment and I think we will see that gradual improvement as we move forward.
Andy Casey – Wells Fargo: Okay. Thanks. And then a little bit back on your comment Mark, on commodity costs being a little bit of a hurdle that you have to get over on the margin side. Given that you have already seen kind of the US and Canadian industry pushback on some of the emissions pricing, is it reasonable to assume that you should be able to get pricing to offset that, or is that something you really have to do on a productivity basis?
Mark Pigott: I think productivity will have an important element of that. They say we are pretty much the first in the industry to have the majority of our vehicles now being equipped with 2010 engines, and you know, frankly customers appreciative of some of the benefits of the new engine, but there is a real world price hurdle that they have to get used to. They will, they are very flexible and proactive customer base. It seems that every three to four years, we are about 20 years. So, they understand how it works, but you know, for the interim, let’s say for this year, it will probably have some impact on some of the margins and then you throw in the commodity price increases and that’s just business. That’s what we do every day.
Andy Casey – Wells Fargo: Okay. Thank you for that. And then a little bit longer term, I mean, given that freight demand and used equipment pricing and all that in US and Canada seems to be improving, you know, and there is this hesitance out there, are you without giving quantified 2011 outlook, are you looking for kind of a normal cyclical recovery or one that is exaggerated upfront, and if so, how are you looking to support the supply chain’s ability to really ramp up quickly?
Mark Pigott: Okay, that is a fantastic question. Well, first of all, on the freight, it’s up about 10% from its low, but it’s still down about 10% year-on-year. So, we have to get the general economy going, and I am not talking about the financial sector, which is the basic blocking and tackling of people making things in this country to get freight really going again. There is some improvement, and I think over the course of the year, we hope to see more of that. Obviously the housing industry is a big factor in terms of freight movement and that’s still a 50-year low on home construction. So, that’s going to take a couple of years to come back. So, I am not sure what the normal cycle recovery is out of worst recession 50 years, but there is some positive signs to say, used trucks are looking good. Our suppliers are really in good shape. We have an excellent collaborative partnership. We train our suppliers in Six Sigma, we are one of the few companies in the industry that actually will purchase major capital pieces of equipment and install them in our suppliers to help them improve quality and improve capacity and reduce their costs. We retain ownership on this piece of equipment, but so suppliers overall are in very good shape and our team has done a fantastic job around the world. So, the good thing is when suppliers have ideas and have many great ideas, PACCAR is the first place they call, because it truly is a partnership. We want our suppliers to make money, and I am not sure others, other manufacturers are of that same mind. So, it will recover and PACCAR is in good shape to take advantage of it when it does.
Andy Casey – Wells Fargo: Thank you very much.
Mark Pigott: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Tiss with Buckingham Research.
Mark Pigott: Good morning Joel.
Joel Tiss – Buckingham Research: How are you?
Mark Pigott: Good. Did you get an MX pad in a calendar?
Joel Tiss – Buckingham Research: No, no, but I got stung well by all your dealers. So, you guys did a good job.
Mark Pigott: They are probably checking credits.
Joel Tiss – Buckingham Research: Yes, yes. Can you talk a little bit about the California port issue? You know, there was a lot of people that were all over the place talking about, you know, the 100,000 trucks that have to be, that are going to come out of there, and some people talking about 150,000, can you just give us a sense of the impact of that and the size maybe on the industry?
Mark Pigott: Sure. I think particularly our Kenworth team have done a very good job on being one of the leaders in terms of supplying alternate fuel vehicles down in the port of LA, Long Beach, and I think right now, it’s a little bit confused by what the federal authority say is possible versus what the state authority say versus what the local authority say, and then unfortunately you have got the trucker caught in the middle. The good news is we have got a product that people like that is – that’s endorsed by the major ports, but there’s still some sort of interdepartmental agency discussions that need to be settled out. We are not involved with that, that really at a political level. So, the size, you know, the size is a little bit variable and it will be interesting to see what happens when the Panama Canal is enlarged and more freight is brought to the East Coast and what effect that’s going to have on the ports of the West Coast. So, there’s a few interesting variables going on, but we are in good shape. When they do figure it out, and we got the product the customers seem to want.
Joel Tiss – Buckingham Research: All right. And just last, can you talk a little bit about some of the guide posts that we should be watching out for to gauge the amount of margin efficiency or operating efficiency that you built into the company during this downturn, you know, on less volume in this coming cycle, can you achieve the same or better operating margins, you know, just trying to get a sense?
Mark Pigott: You know, the operating margin, we always pride ourselves in delivering a good margin. As you know, we even made money last year when most of the industry did not, but the volumes are a third of what they were when things were really strong, and that does have an impact on your operating efficiency. Even with that, we continue to be more efficient in our factories and quality continues to improve and we won the JD Power Awards, which we are very proud of, but to tell you, you know, get your volume up to probably 60%, 70%, 80% of what we were when things were really strong, overall it’s going to have an impact on your margins.
Joel Tiss – Buckingham Research: So, you are not going to know until the volume comes back to more normalized level?
Mark Pigott: Yes, exactly. It’s that simple. I mean, we are getting good margins on the volume we have now, but you know, you have to go back a decade to find comparable volumes. So, we made a lot of improvement on the operating efficiency within the factory and so it’s fantastic.
Joel Tiss – Buckingham Research: Okay, all right. Thank you very much.
Mark Pigott: You bet, good question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research.
Mark Pigott: Good morning Adam.
Adam Uhlman – Cleveland Research: Hi, good morning. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the parts business, the trend of demand between the US and Europe, is Europe also seeing improved parts activity yet?
Mark Pigott: Okay, the answer is yes. Europe is seeing improvement in their parts business, which is very good. As I say, the dealers, the DAF dealers throughout Europe are in good shape, and they are starting to see customers coming into the shops for normal maintenance. And the same is true with the Kenworth and Peterbilt dealers throughout North America. So, the parts business is, you know, starting to improve.
Adam Uhlman – Cleveland Research: Good. Okay. And then just a couple of clarifications. Could you help us with an impact to sales and earnings from currency, and then I might have missed it, but what the past dues were in the quarter?
Mark Pigott: Okay, let’s do currency.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, I guess prior year of the impact on currency was about $110 million to increase revenue and about $10 million to increase pretax income.
Mark Pigott: And on the past due side, past dues at March 31 are comparable to the December 31 levels, where the slight improvement in US and Canada offset by a slight and higher percentages in our other markets. So, overall 4% at March 31 versus 3.8% at December 31.
Adam Uhlman – Cleveland Research: Great, thank you.
Mark Pigott: Good, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Volkmann with Jefferies & Company.
Mark Pigott: Good morning Steve.
Steve Volkmann – Jefferies & Company: Good morning. Just a couple of quick follow-ups for you.
Mark Pigott: Good.
Steve Volkmann – Jefferies & Company: I was a little surprised to see the finance down sequentially even though the credit quality seemed a little bit better, are we just sort of working down the portfolio here, or how should we think about that?
Mark Pigott: Good question.
Michael Barkley: Yes, I think the biggest thing is the reduction in the asset base, and the impact that had on finance margins and there are a couple of fewer days in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter. So, those are primarily in the finance margin line.
Steve Volkmann – Jefferies & Company: Okay, great. That’s helpful. And the market share of potential deals that you are financing internally, have that changed much in the past?
Ron Armstrong: The first quarter was right in line with our full year, last year. The first quarter typically is a little bit lower, but we were able to achieve 26%, the same as our full year last year.
Steve Volkmann – Jefferies & Company: Super, that’s helpful. And I am also wondering, you know, as you start to put orders for your 2010 compliant engines on the books here, have you seen any kind of a shift with respect to engine size? You know, some people in the industry are sort of pushing away from 15 later into the lower side, is that happening with you or is that kind of status quo?
Mark Pigott: I think there is more discussion about that and perhaps it’s actually happening, but it’s certainly a topic that people are looking at, with you know, fuel prices even though they are attractive, they have gone up over the last year, 18 months. And the 13-liter engines are performing very well. They deliver excellent torque and horsepower. So, that’s what the rest of the world uses and I think overtime, North America will probably become a little bit more aligned with the rest of the world.
Steve Volkmann – Jefferies & Company: Thanks. That’s all I have. Thanks very much.
Mark Pigott: Good questions.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mike Roarke with McAdams Wright Ragen.
Mark Pigott: Good morning Mike.
Mike Roarke – McAdams Wright Ragen: Hi good morning. Just two short ones here, what’s the value of the used equipment currently being held for sale on your balance sheet please?
Ron Armstrong: We don’t have that number.
Mark Pigott: Used equipment?
Ron Armstrong: Readily available.
Mike Roarke – McAdams Wright Ragen: Used trucks held for sale, no?
Ron Armstrong: I don’t have that, I can get you the numbers.
Mark Pigott: We will get you.
Mike Roarke – McAdams Wright Ragen: Okay. Also just another quick question, what was the level of charge-offs in the finance portfolio in the first quarter please?
Ron Armstrong: So, the actual charge-offs were $26 million.
Mike Roarke – McAdams Wright Ragen: Okay. Versus the 21.8 provision?
Ron Armstrong: Yes.
Mark Pigott: Yes, that’s correct.
Ron Armstrong: Yes.
Mike Roarke – McAdams Wright Ragen:
 :
Mark Pigott: We don’t have a lot of used trucks.
Mike Roarke – McAdams Wright Ragen: Pardon?
Mark Pigott: But if you want a deal, we can probably talk to you.
Mike Roarke – McAdams Wright Ragen: Okay. So, just a bigger picture, allowing the charge-off to move at a rate that’s greater than the provision, how should we kind of be thinking about that going forward?
Ron Armstrong: Actually, you know, the provision or the reserve that we have in the balance sheet as compared to our asset base is actually picked up a little bit, progressively each quarter just to maintain our conservative reserve position as we always do. So, we are efficiently 2.5% of our asset base in the first quarter.
Mike Roarke – McAdams Wright Ragen: Okay. Great. Thank you for taking the question.
Mark Pigott: You bet, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kristine Kubacki with Avondale Partners.
Mark Pigott: Good morning Kristine.
Kristine Kubacki – Avondale Partners: Good morning. My question is a little bit more color on the new engine production. I know you said this summer, but I was wondering if you could give us a little bit more detail about the process of bringing up production and where you are now in terms of ramp-up, and then you mentioned a 1,500 orders, I was kind of wondering just over the longer term, where the mix of your volume is going to come more of a 13-liter versus 15-liter, kind of what’s your goal mix?
Mark Pigott: Well, you know, certainly for the foreseeable future, we will be selling more 15-liters with our excellent partner Cummins. We only have a 9-liter and a 13-liter in-house. So, that’s what we will sell. And in terms of the ramp-up, you know the summer is the timeframe that we are aiming for, and I think overtime, we will see a good balance between the 13-liter PACCAR engine and the 15-liter Cummins engine. It will serve the whole market, customers will get the benefit.
Kristine Kubacki – Avondale Partners: In terms of summer, would that be late summer or more mid or early summer?
Mark Pigott: I would say in the middle of the summer.
Kristine Kubacki – Avondale Partners: Okay. And then I wanted to ask a question about the pricing, maybe a little bit differently. We have been hearing the same things on pricing especially on the 2010 engines, coming under a little bit of pressure, I wanted to get your sense on what are you seeing competitors doing at this time? I realize there is pretty low volumes that’s pretty hard to make, you know, kinds of long range forecast based on this, but what are you seeing some competitors and do you think that the industry will be able to hold the line on the pricing, or do you think that as volume improves, we will start to see the industry pushing back on trucking companies with that pricing?
Mark Pigott: I think it’s a very normal process. Most of our competitors are still trying to sell pre-2010 engines, to say we are the leader on selling the 2010 engine. Overtime, most of the pricing will be passed through as our customers pass through the additional cost to their customers, that’s a pretty normal way the market works. But you know, that will take some time, it will certainly take all of this year to work through particularly since we are introducing higher price, but more efficient product in an ongoing recession. You know, if it was boom times, it would be a slightly different economic scenario, but we are coming out of a very challenging recession, and the customers and their customers are more wary and more conscious of cost and what they can or cannot pass through.
Kristine Kubacki – Avondale Partners: A short-term question, you mentioned that your competitors have more 2009 engines available, do you think you will see market share shift here in the short term, is there running nose out and you may see a lower production?
Mark Pigott: I think that’s pretty normal. You know, number of our competitors are interested in market share usually at the detriment of their shareholders I find. But that’s pretty normal than the aftertime, all balances out.
Kristine Kubacki – Avondale Partners: Great. Thank you for your time. I appreciate it.
Mark Pigott: You bet. Good questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. 
Mark Pigott: Good morning Jerry.
Jerry Revich – Goldman Sachs: Good morning. Mark, you always lean of an inventory supply chain as anyone, I am wondering if you can talk about how you see the freight situation in Europe playing out for truckers, how much higher have spot truck freights moved and you know, over what time period do you think that situation is resolved if aerospace opens up for the next couple of days?
Mark Pigott: Well, I don’t have sort of what the freight spot has done just over the last four days, because of the Icelandic volcano, but you know, the vast majority of freight does get moved by truck as you know. So, there might have been a momentary one week upward movement. I think that will settle back down. So, we are starting to see freight rates slightly improved, but I would say slightly in Europe. And there’s still a lot of economic challenges, and you have got a number of countries that have elections going on, the UK, the Netherlands coming to mind, and then you have Spain, Portugal and Italy that probably having a little more serious economic challenges and essentially Europe is sort of being impacted in a negative way. So, there’s lot of things going on there that’s going to take some time to settle out. You know, the good news is that people love the DAF trucks and they are buying those, but certainly not at the levels we saw two or three years ago.
Jerry Revich – Goldman Sachs: And Mark, in terms of the parts of Europe or countries that you are more optimistic on this year, can you talk about which countries are at the top of that list?
Mark Pigott: I think primarily Northern and Western Europe. So, France, Germany, Netherlands, Belgium, you know, would be some of our strongest markets.
Jerry Revich – Goldman Sachs: And Mark, the order trends that you are seeing in the European market, obviously it’s a great time that you are taking up production rates, can you just talk about where orders cracked in, in the first quarter, perhaps relative to sales?
Mark Pigott: Well, the orders have improved. We are taking some share away from probably one of our German competitors who seems to be in a little bit of disarray, but having been on this business for many decades, what will probably happen is, once our competitors figure out their internal business systems, they will aggressively come out with low prices to regain or regain some of the shares that they lost and you know, we will go back to the steady progress that DAF made over the last almost 15 years of, you know, few tenths, or half a tenth or half a point of share increase every year. So, I think, you know, at the time what we are seeing right now in Europe.
Jerry Revich – Goldman Sachs: And Mark, lastly, just a clarifying question, your earlier comment that commodity costs inflation, you would have to offset through internal initiatives, does that apply to both US and European market or is there a chance that your European competitors might push prices with the raw materials move?
Mark Pigott: Well, the commodities are worldwide. So, we are, you know, everybody who manufactures anywhere in the world will be impacted by the base commodity increases. Europe doesn’t have the 2010 engine increase, but I think the competitors will probably keep their pricing at relatively low levels who maintain whatever share they have got, and they have had several years of losses and I think they are probably comfortable to have several more years of losses as long as they can keep some share going. So, you know, it’s pretty normal in many ways.
Jerry Revich – Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much.
Mark Pigott: Good questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Nolan with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Pigott: Good morning Patrick.
Patrick Nolan – Deutsche Bank: Good morning everyone. Good morning Mark. A couple of questions, most of it have been answered. When I look at your R&D and your CapEx spending in the quarter, I would have thought they would have been a little bit more front-end loaded given the ramp-up to launching the ’10 engines in midyear?
Mark Pigott: Well, lot of the expense and capital and R&D for the engines has been in the previous couple of years, in the previous three, four, five years. What is now shifting because we are in very good shape in terms of 2010 engines is the ongoing development of just new vehicle products. So, we are actually sort of in a bit of a transition right now. I think you saw some of that at the Mid-America Show. So, the engine expenditures has really been dialed down. We have done the work.
Patrick Nolan – Deutsche Bank: And how is your thinking about, I mean, you know, now it looks like production is increasing in Europe pretty steady to increasing in North America, you are still generating cash now $2 billion [ph] on the balance sheet, how will you think about what you are going to do with your cash and relative to your additional dividend last year, I know that’s a Board decision, but what are the priorities for cash going forward?
Mark Pigott: Well, I think just first point on the production as was indicated, North America, Kenworth and Peterbilt production most likely to be down this year. So, that’s an important factor to take into account. Yes, we have got a very strong balance sheet, which is really one of the major factors that’s contributed to us being able to make any money last year, and being able to borrow money for our finance companies and the treasury team has done an outstanding job on that. The dividend is something that we continue to review with the Board, and we made that difficult decision a year ago and as the business improves, we certainly would like to take a serious look at improving the divided. We are looking at opportunities in South America, we are looking at opportunities in Asia, and we also have got a pretty active new product development program that will use some of that cash. So, plenty of opportunities to invest.
Patrick Nolan – Deutsche Bank: And just the last question, so we should not expect any benefit of utilization rates in Europe from the North American engine in the second quarter, if that’s more mid to somewhere at the end of the summer, so that’s really going to be Q3 and beyond, right?
Mark Pigott: For engines?
Patrick Nolan – Deutsche Bank: Yes, as far as improved utilization rates in European?
Mark Pigott: Yes, certainly, DAF has an excellent engine factory, but they are relatively low production compared to the capacity of our engine factories. So, it will be a minor enhancement to utilization and efficiency.
Patrick Nolan – Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you very much.
Mark Pigott: Good. Good questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Mark Pigott: Good morning Ann.
Ann Duignan – JPMorgan: Hi, good morning guys. Mark, I am just a little bit confused, the outlook for Q2 North America production, you said that you are in fact almost out of 2009 engines, however your 2010 MX engines have nothing certified yet. So, can you help clarify, you know, what will you be building, will you be building uncertified –?
Mark Pigott: No, but we just love your questions, you know. We are Cummins’ largest customer. We have a great strong partnership. We will be selling a lot of Cummins engines.
Ann Duignan – JPMorgan: So, not just 15-liter?
Mark Pigott: No, Cummins has a whole range of engines.
Ann Duignan – JPMorgan: I know, but that’s helpful to clarify that.
Mark Pigott: Yes.
Ann Duignan – JPMorgan: So, you will not be assembling PACCAR trucks, Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks with MX engines until they are certified, I was just kind of wondering if it could still be maintained in the inventory?
Mark Pigott: Obviously, the EPA certification is a very normal two-step process. The first step is complete, past grade, and we are in process on the second step and we look for certification in May.
Ann Duignan – JPMorgan: In May? Okay, that’s helpful. And then the 1,500 orders for 2010 engines, can you talk just a little bit about what your expectations might have been? You know, is this in line with what your expectations might have been, is it below, or is it above, you know what –?
Mark Pigott: I think it’s in line, these are 1,500 MX engine orders.
Ann Duignan – JPMorgan: Yes.
Mark Pigott: And I think it’s in line and you know, we look for a few more thousand as we go through over the next several months, and obviously it’s an engine that’s had very good results in all the rigorous testing we have done, I think you have picked up that, 50 million miles of testing, and you know, so we are excited about getting them out into the field, and having our customers enjoy the benefits.
Ann Duignan – JPMorgan: So, you are reiterating that miles tested is an important criteria?
Mark Pigott: I think everybody in the automotive industry would corroborate that.
Ann Duignan – JPMorgan: And then just finally, just a data, the slip-in in North America then as you transition out of ’09 engines and into 2010 engines in Q2 versus maybe a slight pickup in Europe, net-net if you look at the net impact, would you expect revenues sequentially to be down or flat in Q2?
Mark Pigott: I would say flat to maybe slightly up.
Ann Duignan – JPMorgan: Flat to slightly up overall?
Mark Pigott: Yes.
Ann Duignan – JPMorgan: Okay, that’s all I have. Thank you.
Mark Pigott: Good questions, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Leiker with Robert W. Baird.
Mark Pigott: Good morning David.
Keith Schicker – Robert W. Baird: Hi, good morning. It’s actually Keith Schicker calling for David.
Mark Pigott: Good morning Keith.
Keith Schicker – Robert W. Baird: I wanted to touch on used truck prices. Prices are rising in the US, could you comment on the used truck environment in Europe, and then also we saw as your sharp prices were depressed, that potentially some vendors were a little reluctant to repossess trucks, could you comment on how that looks right now and what sort of impact that could have on capacity going forward?
Ron Armstrong: Yes, I think as we look at Europe, I think we are seeing the same trends in Europe as we are seeing in the US that late model used equipment is up 5% or so year-over-year. So, very similar trends. In terms of repossessions, I can only comment, we have seen gradual improvement in the performance of our portfolio. We evaluate and want to work with our customers to achieve full payout, but if the situation is not possible, then we try and find a quicker solution to it, for best economic results.
Mark Pigott: I don’t think it has really any effect on production or what we are doing. I think it’s just small part of the business.
Keith Schicker – Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then, you outlined a pretty good three-step process here out of recovery. It sounds like in America, North America, the US, we are kind of barely in step two, maybe can you just give your perspective on when you think things shipped over into step three and then maybe some perspective on where do you think Europe is along that timeline?
Mark Pigott: Well, I think in terms of the pretty normal three-step process we have here, it’s all going to be later this year, and you know, it’s hard to pinpoint. Obviously there’s lots of economic inputs that have to be factored in and things are changing every week in many different industries as you know. In Europe, I would say they are probably a little bit behind where North America is right now, but then I would also just add that they don’t have the impact of transitioning from one engine model to another. So, that could be a positive in the European market. So, probably slightly behind, but they are both moving forward on the three-step process.
Keith Schicker – Robert W. Baird: Okay. Do you still get a sense of there is a greater overcapacity situation in Europe to work through relative to the US?
Mark Pigott: Well, there hasn’t been too many factories decommissioned. As you know, we permanently shut our Nashville factory in the US, but in Europe, everybody still has factories in place, certainly employees have been let go, but structurally the industry is probably pretty much the same as it was a couple of years ago.
Keith Schicker – Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then if you look that from a trucker freight hauling capacity, you get a sense of there is more of a surplus in Europe than the US, or closer to equilibrium there?
Mark Pigott: Yes, I would agree. I think the US, North America is probably a little bit better shape. You know, Canada is in good shape economically. Mexico starting to recover although, you know different things are going on, but – and Europe plunged much more dramatically into recession and that was a real shock to the system that are now coming out of.
Keith Schicker – Robert W. Baird: Okay. Thank you very much.
Mark Pigott: Good questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Basili Alukos with Morningstar.
Mark Pigott: Hi, is this Bas?
Basili Alukos – Morningstar: Basili.
Mark Pigott: Basili?
Basili Alukos – Morningstar: Yes, the family members are getting wrong, so I am not going to.
Mark Pigott: I want to get it right though.
Basili Alukos – Morningstar: I appreciate it. Kind of going back to an earlier question, maybe asked a little bit, you mentioned a 1,500 MX engine orders, can you talk about I guess what timeframe are those engines are? Basically what I am trying to get is kind of what percentage of your total truck purchases that represent?
Mark Pigott: Yes, those are over 12 months in terms of with the customers where they lay them out on a monthly basis, and you know, of course, that’s starting this summer, so this summer to next summer, the way I realistically look at it. You know, at this time, it’s closing in on 5% of our orders, and hopefully that will increase.
Basili Alukos – Morningstar: Okay. And I guess correct me if I am wrong, I heard something that maybe the company is about 50% is kind of a goal, ultimately they have –?
Mark Pigott: Yes, overtime.
Basili Alukos – Morningstar: Okay.
Mark Pigott: Absolutely. And I think to look at the industry as a barometer, you can see what the competitor is out, they all have their own in-house engines and a number that is still purchased, third-party engines, and you can see what their percentages are.
Basili Alukos – Morningstar: Right. I was just trying to get a sense of kind of where it is now versus kind of the longer –?
Mark Pigott: Early days, it’s a very exciting journey, but it’s early days.
Basili Alukos – Morningstar: Understandable. And kind of second question that you talked about kind of your three tier curve around I guess or how the trucking industry goes, how close would you follow the truck tonnage index, as I have heard the next review is from, you know, different carriers themselves kind of just to the validity of the –?
Mark Pigott: That’s a great question and it’s certainly one input, the way I put it.
Basili Alukos – Morningstar: Okay, but it’s not something that you know, you kind of obsess over.
Mark Pigott: We try not to obsess over anything except outstanding product quality and shareholder return.
Basili Alukos – Morningstar: Great. And then kind of one last question follow-up, back on the 13-liter engine, from what I understand, 13-liter engines are more fuel efficient and one of the reasons that they really taken whole of the Europe is just doing what the geography, it’s a lot smaller, in the US, there is kind of more open road, 15-liter engine is more desirable because of the power. At what point do you have a sense of what price per gallon of diesel? I know we recently approached $3, but at what price do you think the market shifts there, preferences to a more fuel-efficient engine?
Mark Pigott: Well, if you look at the pricing per gallon, you obviously have to translate that from leaders and kilometers to miles, but in Europe, you can have anywhere from literally $5 to $10 per gallon depending on where you are travelling, that will have an impact. And we have a wonderfully attractive low price for a gallon of diesel in North America. How long that will last is obviously open to much discussion, but overtime it will most likely go up and there will be more interest in 13-liter engines.
Basili Alukos – Morningstar: Great. Those are my questions. Good time guys.
Mark Pigott: Good questions.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tim Denoyer with Wolf Trahan.
Mark Pigott: Good morning Tim.
Tim Denoyer – Wolf Trahan: Good morning. Quick question, not to deliver the order level point, but in terms of the number of orders that you had of, of ’09 engines, can you specify a little bit more in terms of March versus how many you have left over going into April?
Mark Pigott: Well, it’s a minority now in terms of our production, and you know, it’s winnowing down every week.
Tim Denoyer – Wolf Trahan: Okay. Tell me about the $2,500 per truck increase in used truck prices that you mentioned, can you just say the sources of that data point?
Mark Pigott: We have a very active used truck centers around the country that our teams operate, and of course we are also involved with independent auctions. We have many hundreds of excellent dealers who tell us what’s going on, on a daily and weekly basis in terms of the valuation of our products and our competitors. We are also involved every day on talking with our customers about trading packages. So, we take all those inputs and we have for years and years and it’s quickly apparent as the value of a T-800 going up or going down and how is it speck-for-speck year-on-year. So, it’s pretty straight forward.
Tim Denoyer – Wolf Trahan: But it’s weighted towards Peterbilt and Kenworth.
Mark Pigott: It’s weighted that way because they have the best resale value, up to 25% compared to the competitors, but we fairly track with the competitors’ vehicles are doing.
Tim Denoyer – Wolf Trahan: Okay. And then just one broader question, you mentioned a few industries. I know you have great exposure to lots of different end markets. You mentioned that European auto sales are or production is fairly weak and I am guessing that in the US, it’s fairly strong, but the housing market is not great. Are there other –?
Mark Pigott: I would say is that our production is not fairly strong, it’s slightly better coming off a 20-year low in North America.
Tim Denoyer – Wolf Trahan: Okay. But my question is more on, are there any other industries where you are seeing particular strength or weakness, you know, US or Europe, just going to –?
Mark Pigott: Commercial real estate, commercial construction is challenging right now. Retail sales, people going to shopping malls, you know, has improved over the last year. The home repair market has seen some improvement, but not back to the glory days. You know, you track anything that gets moved by truck and as you know, over 70% of all freight is moved by truck in North America. So, it catches every industry.
Tim Denoyer – Wolf Trahan: Yes, absolutely. And then just one very long-term, do you have any expectations on the next emissions regulations on a timing, I know you are participating in a super truck program and just what types of technologies might be back-to-back?
Mark Pigott: Well, we are looking at a whole host of technologies and that’s – lot of exciting opportunities out there, and you know, what would be fun if you and your team would like to come out and visit our technical center, we could talk in more detail about that.
Tim Denoyer – Wolf Trahan: We would love to. That’s all the questions I had. Thank you very much.
Mark Pigott: Good. Thank you.
Operator: There are no other questions in queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Robin Easton: I would like to thank everyone for the excellent questions, and thank you operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR’s earnings call. Thank you for participating and you may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-29 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Pigott - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Ron Armstrong - Senior Vice President Michael Barkley - Vice President & Controller Robin Easton - Treasurer
Analysts: Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson Henry Kirn - UBS Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Steve Volkmann - Jefferies Mike Rourke - McAdams Andrew Obin - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank  Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Ben Elias - Sterne, Agee Andrew Obin - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch David Raso - ISI Garrett Stevens - Giovine Capital
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PACCAR’s fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today’s call is being recorded and if anyone has an objection they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Robin Easton, PACCAR’s Treasurer. Mr. Easton, please go ahead.
Robin Easton: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Robin Easton, Treasurer of PACCAR and joining me this morning are Mark Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ron Armstrong, Senior Vice President and Michael Barclay, Vice President & Controller. As with prior conference calls, there are members of the media participating, we request if they participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Mark Pigott.
Mark Pigott: Good morning. I’m very pleased to share the news that PACCAR has earned a net profit for the 71 consecutive year. This remarkable achievement has been attained due to the hard work and dedication of our 15,000 outstanding employees who have delivered the highest quality products and services in our history against a back drop of a very difficult recession. I’m very proud of their performance as it shines a light on the consistent proactive approach that has enabled PACCAR to achieve the best shareholder performance in our industry worldwide. On that note, I’d like to personally thank our long term shareholders including the Pigott family for their support and encouragement during the challenging times of 2009. As has been done and other lien years, I and some of the senior executive team did not earn an annual bonus last year due to the effects of the recession. Looking at 2010, the year ahead will continue to be challenging for many businesses. The economy is still in the middle of a recession. As long as unemployment is at levels close to 10%, and housing starts are at 50 year lows, freight growth will be muted and truck sales will only gradually increase. The good news is that PACCAR’s fourth quarter results were our best profit quarter in 2009. PACCAR earned $46.1 million in the fourth quarter 2009, compared to $113.1 million in the prior years fourth quarter. fourth quarter 2009 results include a onetime expense of $11.4 million resulting from the retroactive effects of a New Mexican Corporate Income Tax Law enacted in December 2009. Fourth quarter net sales and financial service revenues were $2.2 billion, compared to $2.9 billion reported for the comparable period in 2008. Regular dividends of $0.54 per share were declared during 2009, and as many of you know, PACCAR has paid a dividend every year since 1941. It’s a long time. During the last decade, PACCAR’s regular dividends have increased by 240% and PACCAR’s average annual shareholder return is 19.1% for the last 10 years compared to the S&P 500’s return of a negative 1% annually. Reviewing our business, there may be a small improvement in truck and aftermarket sales driven primarily by the industries need to begin replacing an aging national truck fleet. PACCAR is in excellent position to grow due to the strength of our dealers worldwide, a robust finance company the most seasoned and experienced management team in the business and the highest quality products in the industry. As I enter my 32 year at PACCAR, this promises to be one of the most exciting years. As we begin the installation of the PACCAR MX Engine into Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks this summer. The PACCAR Engine successfully completed a grueling 50 million mile test schedule and is ready for the North American market. Of course, as many of you know, PACCAR through our DAF truck group has been designing and building engines for 50 years, so the entry into North America is a logical step. We’re pleased that our PACCAR Engines continue to earn industry quality awards. Speaking of quality, PACCAR reinforced its industry leading quality and resale value in 2009. Kenworth trucks were again ranked highest by the J.D. Power Heavy Duty Customer Satisfaction surveys and the over the road, pick up and delivery and dealer service segments. Peterbilt was also ranked highest in the conventional medium duty truck segment. PACCAR was honored earlier this year by earning the J.D. Power Founders award for our 25 years of quality leadership and DAF earned the U.K.’s Motor Transport Award for Fleet Truck of the Year for the ninth time. Looking at the markets, the 15-ton plus truck market in Europe is estimated to be between 150,000 and 180,000 units this year compared to 168,000 last year. U.S. and Canadian retail truck sales are estimated to improve to be in the range of 110,000 to 140,000 units this year compared to 108,000 in 2009. Now, even though first quarter 2010 industry sales will be helped somewhat by the demand for trucks with 2009 engines, it’s estimated that first quarter truck production will be 5% to 10% lower than the fourth quarter as customers adjust to the $8,000 to $10,000 price increase for 2010 EPA emission engines. Once again, the good news is that PACCAR’s strong performance places the company in a leading position when industry demand improves to a more normal replacement range of 225,000 to 250,000 units in the U.S. and Canada and the same levels in Europe. Looking elsewhere in our business, PACCAR continues to invest in its factories, and we appreciate that many of the analysts on this call have toured our facilities and have seen firsthand the superb quality that is represented in every facet of the operations and we thank you for taking the time to do that. PACCAR’s excellent balance sheet and strong operating cash flow of over $1.3 billion have enabled ongoing investments in projects such as new diesel engines, expanded vehicle ranges, and annual factory efficiency improvements of 5% to 7%, and finally, PACCAR’s finance companies have demonstrated remarkable resiliency due to the rigoroused customer credit reviews, proactive management of challenging accounts, and good access to the capital markets. We look forward to 2010 and the opportunities to grow the company. Thank you and look forward to your questions.
Mark Pigott: Operator, we’ll take questions now.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital.
Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital: I’m hoping we can talk a little bit about the trends that you saw in Europe. Clearly we saw nice sequential bounce there. Can you speak a little bit about how much of that was driven by underlying end market momentum versus the dealer network, having worked inventories down such that your revenues more closely matched end market trends?
Mark Pigott: In terms of incoming orders, we’ve seen pretty much the same amounts in the last two quarters so there isn’t much of a story there. I think as we look at 2010 with the very positive progress that our dealers have made in selling their new truck inventory, if we retail the same amount as we did last year, we should see an improvement in truck orders coming into the factory.
Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital: So as I think about then your outlook for Europe specifically of 150 to 180, I mean what would that assume on a year-over-year change for your retail sales in Europe?
Mark Pigott: I’ll say just a record of 14.8% and obviously…
Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital: I was talking assuming flat share?
Mark Pigott: That’s our share on retail sales, correct.
Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital: If I were to assume flat retail share, what would that mean in terms of your actual retail sales changes in your end market outlook?
Mark Pigott: I think our retail sales would be comparable to last year, but we would just be building more trucks coming out of the factory versus selling them out of our dealer inventory. So that’s a positive for DAF and for PACCAR.
Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital: Then maybe just one last related question and I’ll pass it along. Can you define kind of the macro assumptions that under lie the low end and the high end of your growth outlook for Europe?
Mark Pigott: I think the low end would be continued economic challenges, many of the countries are having mixed results, some are still deeply in a recession, some are posting some positive GDP, but if there’s a double dip or whatever letter of the alphabet the economists are assigning now days that will obviously have an impact on the lower end. On the upper end, the economy continues to gather a little bit of momentum and we would benefit from that very much country-by-country and the challenges that many of them face.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Just my first question, Mark your prepared remarks I think you talked about production being up first quarter relative to fourth quarter, I think 5% to 10% or so?
Mark Pigott: I said down.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Was that for the industry, when you’re talking is that for the industry or for PACCAR just to be clear?
Mark Pigott: That’s for PACCAR.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Just wanted to make sure I heard it correctly.
Mark Pigott: It may also be the industry though.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: A lot of times you do better than the industry. That’s why I’m asking the question. Just the margins in the fourth quarter were impressive across most levels. Was there anything unusual in the quarter? Can you talk about in the fourth quarter, did you see any benefit from lower input costs and how we think about that into 2010?
Mark Pigott: There was the fourth quarter at PACCAR like the industry benefited from a very slight pre-buy if you will, and so you get higher demand. We were able to run our factories at five day work weeks versus something lower and you get the operating leverage coming from that. We also had some benefit from lower commodity costs which I think you’re calling input costs, but as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, the customers are now coming to grips that the new EPA engines will be $8,000 to $10,000 more for the industry and our job will be to see if we can pass that along and they will get a benefit of better fuel economy, so that’s the challenge the whole industry has right now.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Then can you just talk about you also mentioned R&D for 2010 was going to be up. Last quarter when you talked about R&D you said when we see that ramp it’s a sign that we see the economy improving. I mean the R&D, is it specific to a particular program? Is it related to the engine side if you could just give more color on that or just a more bullish tone on the economy?
Mark Pigott: Well hopefully the economy is going to get a little bit better. I think we’re being conservative is our way but PACCAR continues to generate good cash flow. We’re continuing to work on developing new products. The engine program, which I mentioned is very exciting. That will continue to have some investment and then just the introduction of more and exciting new products trucks around the world we’re starting to invest more on that front also.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: To be clear, some of it is going towards the engine. Is the R&D investment related to the engine what you thought or are you having to spend more?
Mark Pigott: No, it’s very much in line. That project is really proceeding well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andy Casey - Wells Fargo.
Andy Casey - Wells Fargo: Just on the R&D question, should we expect it to re-approach 2008 levels or is it just somewhere between ‘09 and ‘08 when you raise it in 2010?
Mark Pigott: I think we’ve given you a little bit of guidance on what we’re looking to spend on R&D and also capital so it will be more than last year and probably not as much as 2008, and a lot of exciting products and got a great team working on them.
Andy Casey - Wells Fargo: When you look at the acceptance of the new technology and the pricing, are you seeing what you would have thought in orders looking at this time period maybe six months ago, or is it a little bit stalled out, because the economy is taken a little bit longer to get going?
Mark Pigott: The economy, I think it’s actually probably tracking about where we thought it could be I think 2010, will still be very challenging for many, many industries. So we thought that was going to happen and it certainly is playing out that way. In terms of just the pricing and our customers, many of our customers are doing well. Many of them are publicly traded and you can see their results and that’s fantastic they’re doing an excellent job of running their companies. $8,000 to $10,000 is a significant amount of money, but there are benefits in terms of cleaner power and better fuel economy, so that will take some time just to work through the market, but within the next quarter or two, that’s the only engine that’s going to be available from anybody and if you’re in the transportation industry, that’s what you’re going to be looking at.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research: Are you going to help your customers’ transition into the new pricing levels starting in the first quarter of 2010?
Mark Pigott: By offering them the best highest quality J.D. Power Award Winning Trucks, you bet.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research: Even on the models with ‘09 engines, right it would be a good customer service to be able to help ease them into that the new pricing?
Mark Pigott: Well, most of the industry within the next month or two probably won’t have many ‘09 engines left and so, I think we’re starting to see people place orders for 2010 and move on from there. Every few years as you know, Joel, the industry goes through this and the customers have a very good appreciation of the technology typically is beneficial and is nothing new.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research: You also mentioned that you’re not going to be putting your own engines into the trucks until the middle of 2010.
Mark Pigott: Yes, this summer.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research: Is that a comment on the order board for the 2010 products?
Mark Pigott: No, that’s just a plan that’s been in place for a number of years and we have put out a press release earlier this week announcing the introduction of the MX engine. That seems to be very well received. We’ve got a lot of positive comments from the dealers and customers throughout North America and that’s all on track for the summer. Hope you get you down to the factory. I think you’d enjoy it.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research: Then just lastly, a little bit of color because you guys know as much or more than anybody else. Can you talk a little bit about what’s happened to the number of parked trucks out there and sort of your guess at what the real average age of the fleet that’s in North America?
Mark Pigott: Yes, that’s a great question. I think average age is probably six to seven years, but you know I’ve seen eight years on some studies. It’s certainly at the high end for the last couple of decades. I think that’s a fair assessment, which means as business improves, the economy generates some strength. You’ll see better parts and service business particularly at the dealerships and eventually you’re going to have many of the fleets wanting to replace those vehicles and get lower operating cost product running. I think the industry is in good shape. There’s been a little bit of a shake out over the last couple of years, but compared to the number of fleets that went out of business in ‘01 and ‘02 it’s about half that level. So transportation particularly in North America, but also Europe is in good shape.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research: Number of parked trucks out there has it come down significantly?
Mark Pigott: Yes, it has. Absolutely, I don’t have a firm number for you, but as we do our channel checks and work with our dealers and the used truck groups, it’s come down significantly.
Operator: Your next question comes from J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson.
J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson: I had a question on the good margin performance in Q4, is there a way to break that down between pricing and operations? My guess is it’s not a lot of pricing power up there, so is it basically just blocking and tackling on your part?
Mark Pigott: Absolutely, its operating leverage, you get more products going through the factory, a little bit lower commodity, but our guys in the factories and logistics are doing a fantastic job and of course we keep improving the efficiency 5% to 7% a year and that has a benefit over time.
J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson: I may have missed this, but the currency impacts in the quarter?
Mark Pigott: The currency impacts in the quarter were actually fairly negligible.
J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson: Then maybe you could comment on how the credit quality in the portfolios changed over the last 90 days, what are your thoughts there?
Mark Pigott: The past due percentage for our over 30 day past due was 4.4% at September 30 and that’s down to 3.8% at year end, so we continue to see a steady progression have improvement in the performance of our overall portfolio.
Operator: Your next question comes from Henry Kirn - UBS.
Henry Kirn - UBS:  Question I guess to get back to Meredith’s question, if retail sales were stable in Europe is there anyway to quantify how much your production would be up?
Mark Pigott: Yes, there is. It would be up probably 10%, 15%.
Henry Kirn - UBS: Thank you, that’s helpful.
Mark Pigott: We’re hoping that comes true.
Henry Kirn - UBS: I hope so too. In the parts business, could you talk about the trends you’re seeing today and what we might be able to expect in 2010?
Mark Pigott: Parts is obviously a function of a couple things, general economy, do fleets feel a need to have regular maintenance or can they cannibalize trucks that are parked, the age of the overall fleet, the amount of freight being transported, but also just the general economic health of the dealers and when you look at all of that, there’s actually a lot of positive trends going on. You’ve got an older fleet, customers that are still running are doing fairly well, they see the advantage of repairing and replacing their vehicles and the dealers, our dealers in particular are on very strong position. Their inventory on new trucks has come down significantly in Europe, in North America; their inventory is at probably five to six year lows. So they’ve got the operating cash and the where with all to focus on the parts and service, so I think we’re looking at some improvement on parts business. Obviously, if something negative happened to the general economy, that would have an impact, but if there’s some improvement in the general economy we would see a little bit improvement on the parts business.
Operator: Your next question is from the line Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research:  Mark I was wondering if you could talk about your operating costs as we look out into 2010. R&D is going to be going up and DAF benefited from some of these short time our support from the government, various governments in Europe this past year and I bet your team is probably shooting for some bonuses this year, so how should we think about cost growth in 2010 and modest market growth?
Mark Pigott: Well let’s take one of the larger elements you’ve brought up, and that’s the part-time employment programs, particularly in the Netherlands and Belgium that is an important government program and DAF and many industrial companies like many companies period benefited from those, I call it farsighted approach by the government. Those programs currently are set to expire in the summer of this year, but there’s a lot of discussion by many industries to recommend that the part-time programs are extended. I think that’s still being discussed at governmental levels, but I think it would be good for those countries in general, for all industries if they were extended. So that’s an important consideration, but in terms of just the overall business, I think DAF is in good shape. It continues to grow. It’s got a great recognition as being the quality leader and here in North America, I think we’re in very good shape attaining record market levels in the medium duty product and close to industry leadership in terms of the market on the heavy duty and I think everybody is poised to really generate some good results if the economy can cooperate with us.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: Mark, could you put the part-time hour benefit into dollars for us perspective to better understand what the benefit has been this year so that, we can understand if those programs are allowed to expire what the cost creep back would be?
Mark Pigott: Well I don’t have it right here, but the way the program typically is set up is that, if an employee is furloughed or has a part-time working, the government would pay a 70% of an agreed wage and then the company would pay 30% of an agreed wage. There’s some discussion within the European industry is that, by the time these programs may expire in the summer, perhaps the orders and the demand for truck starts to increase. So it sort of seamlessly moves back to a situation where you don’t need to have part-time unemployment and the underlying demand will, necessitate keeping all of the employees working full-time, so that’s kind of the thinking right now.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: Secondly, unrelated, could you talk about the leasing business, what you’re seeing there in terms of demand and rates?
Mark Pigott: The leasing business, early 2009 was challenged with lower freight levels and that depressed some of the rental utilization, but in the latter part of the year second half of the year particularly fourth quarter, we saw improved rental utilization and we enter 2010 with a bit stronger position.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Volkmann - Jefferies.
Steve Volkmann - Jefferies: Most of mine have been answered, but I was just thinking about your finance company and looking at my model, which actually goes back to 86 and I’ve noticed that almost always your first quarter is pretty similar to your fourth quarter in terms of finance company income. I’m just wondering if there would be any reason that that shouldn’t be the case this year.
Mark Pigott: As we talked the portfolio has shown steady progression improvement during the course of 2009. Freight is still challenged but we see that the portfolio performing relatively consistent with how it did in the fourth.
Steve Volkmann - Jefferies: Then Mark, you said you would expect part sales to be the first to ramp up as we start to come out of this thing, assuming we are at some point. I didn’t quite get it. Is that happening already?
Mark Pigott: Not to a significant extent, no. We’re still in the middle of a recession. As we touch many industries around the world, I think that gets transported by truck, we’re involved with and as you see a lot of industries report their results, maybe they’ve had slightly better financials, but the underlying demand is still pretty low. As I indicated in the press release, they’re saving their money and kind of worrying am I going to have a job and what the general economy is going to do. So the part side is still, some improvement because they’ve got great programs and we keep adding new stores but it’s still early days.
Steve Volkmann - Jefferies: Then I’m wondering if you just have any insights, there’s been some discussion in some industry sources that Eastern Europe maybe coming out of the depth of its funk there and maybe a little more availability of credit and so forth. Do you have anything to add to that discussion?
Mark Pigott: I think you’re probably hearing it somewhat accurately. I think in terms of our business, DAF, I don’t know if you realize it, but we just took market leadership in Hungary, and we’re one of the leaders in Poland and the Czech Republic, so Eastern Europe is important, Central Europe is important for us. They’ve got some call it currency issues, obviously have some trade, issues and just general economic issues and it’s going to take time to work through that. I think we’re looking for Western Europe and maybe even more specifically Northern Europe to lead the recovery.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Rourke - McAdams
Mike Rourke – McAdams:  I had a question just a few here. First on the MX engine, can you specify at this point how many orders you’ve received for the new engine in North America?
Mark Pigott: No. We haven’t launched it officially so we’ve got 50 million miles of experience on it and it goes into production this summer so it’s still building anticipation.
Mike Rourke – McAdams: So have you received any orders though?
Mark Pigott: Yes, we’ve got many people who are excited about getting it when we go into production, definitely. It’s an exciting engine and obviously has a wonderful track record in all of our DAF trucks around the world.
Mike Rourke – McAdams: Okay, and then at the outset, how are the logistics of the engine going to work in terms of production? Are you going to be turning on the Mississippi plant or is there going to be some importing taking place?
Mark Pigott: For most of 2010, the program will be that will do the majority of the machining and assembly in Eindhoven in Holland and ship it to Mississippi for the final specification fit out and then it will be sent to our Kenworth and Peterbilt factories.
Mike Rourke – McAdams: Okay, also on the Kenworth plant side, are there any plans right now to kind of turn the Renton facility back on for Class 8 production?
Mark Pigott: That would be fantastic. The team there has done a wonderful job. Have you visited Renton?
Mike Rourke – McAdams: Oh, yes.
Mark Pigott: It’s doing great and obviously as orders pick up, and the industry returns we look forward to Renton making many more Kenworth trucks.
Mike Rourke – McAdams: Then just one last one if I could. I heard you say the 30 day past due percentage for the entire finance portfolio is 3.8%, but would you be able to break that down by geography, U.S. and Canada and Europe?
Mark Pigott: U.S. and Canada is 2.5 and Europe was 4.4%.
Mike Rourke – McAdams: Then also Mexico and Australia if you could?
Mark Pigott: Mexico is, I don’t have the specific number, but it’s closer to 10% and Australia is 2%.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Obin - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch.
Andrew Obin - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Just a question, could you give us some more color on used equipment truck market by region, U.S. versus Europe and, if we are seeing trends in this market bottoming yet?
Mark Pigott: I think we have seen the bottom, in fact in the fourth quarter slight improvement in some models and some markets, so we’re encouraged by what we saw in the fourth quarter and as we head into 2010.
Andrew Obin - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Any color on what’s happening in Western Europe on used equipment pricing?
Mark Pigott: Yes, I’d say that comment really was both the U.S. and Canadian market as well as Europe. We did see some firming of prices and in fact some slight improvement on the DAF recognition really of the quality product that they have.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: My question is around the financial portfolio. Our firms trucking industry bankruptcy data suggest that things could get a little bit worse before it gets better in terms of repositions, which is ultimately should be better for the trucking industry down the road as you lose some weaker players. Do you think that your portfolio could see a little bit of a hit as we roll through 2010 from some of that repossessions and bankruptcies from some of the weaker players?
Mark Pigott: Let me address that and then, Ron will have some specifics, because I think that’s a very perceptive question. As we look at the number of bankruptcies for fleets, which we typically look at as companies have five and more trucks for this recession which has been a tough one as we all know. We’ve got about 6,000 companies go into bankruptcy or leave the industry. When you look at the recession in ‘01 and ‘02 there was 12,000 companies that went into bankruptcy. So what that tells you on a macro level is that, a lot of the weak players have obviously exited and here we are in a recessions that probably 10 times as worse of the one in ‘01-’02, but you only have half as many companies going into bankruptcy, which lets you know that to the people who are here are better financed, better capitalized, probably have better customers paying their bills on time. So that’s the good news for our industry that the people operating are doing better, they’re managing their companies in a very excellent fashion, which is good for us and obviously has an impact on repossessions. Ron has got some additional color on repossessions.
Ron Armstrong: I think we seen from the peak in U.S. and Canada was in the second and third quarter of 2008, when fuel prices escalated. Fuel prices are steady. Driver availability is good and turnover is low. So there are some very positive things, but still a challenging environment and we work with our customers very closely to make sure that they continue in business and we continue to get paid.
Mark Pigott: We’re still in a recession. It’s getting a little bit better but we’re still in one.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: Do you think arguably, if we were to lose some of the smaller players in the industry and you get some of the pricing power concentrated among the larger fleets? Do you think that the pricing could be a little bit different this cycle as we edge out? Do you think it could be more difficult given that some of the pricing power is going to be so concentrated with the large fleet type trucking companies?
Mark Pigott: You’ve seen that over the last 20 years. As I say, I’m in my 32 year, so I’ve seen the remember and flow of the industry over many, many cycles and today, what you consider the smaller operator is more than likely a line with a larger company and of course the benefits of that are a little bit more consistency and the number of halls they get, they might have a healthcare program, and they might have other benefits, they maybe able to get better pricing on their vehicles themselves. So the old days of owner operators although it’s romantic, I think it’s pretty much gone away over the last decade. Doesn’t mean there aren’t companies with smaller fleets or just a few numbers of vehicles, but more times than not they’re inline with a larger company. So I don’t see it changing, I think we’ve already absorbed that change over the last decade.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: You had a nice sequential pickup in sales in Europe in what’s typically a seasonally weaker quarter. Can you just talk about how much of that was better end customer orders versus just a bit of a pick up in dealer activity?
Mark Pigott: For Europe, you say?
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: Yes.
Mark Pigott: I think that was pretty consistent. We continued to reduce the amount of inventory at our dealers. So some of the dealers began to order some for stock, which is healthy. I think that’s really primarily the main change. We had a number of summer shutdowns to balance incoming orders with demand and so if you’re producing five days a week versus four versus three you’re going to see more trucks coming out so I think between some reduction in inventory that’s benefited the dealers and moving from the summer shut downs which obviously had a big impact on the third quarter, we seen some improvement, but not much.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: In which countries have you seen the most significant improvement or the most positive signs from dealers?
Mark Pigott: Well I think in general pricing Northern Europe, the UK. Southern Europe, Spain, Italy, obviously got impacted on a macroeconomic level the most, particularly Spain with the construction and that has had a tough impact and you could see the unemployment in Spain is bouncing between 15% and 20%, the same with Italy so that’s a bit of a depressing effect on all industries on total GDP, but Northern Europe and the U.K. seem to be responding the best.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: In the U.S., you’ve typically been the first OEM to rollout new emissions products. Can you talk about whether you’re producing the new emissions products and full production now or that going to be later in the quarter?
Mark Pigott: It’s later in the quarter and once again we will be the first. We pride ourselves on being the environmental leader and our customers appreciate that and we’ve had a lot of good feedback from our customers about the new engines and those will be rolling out later this quarter.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: That going to be closer to February or is it going to be later than that?
Mark Pigott: It will be March.
Operator: Your next question comes from Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank : Just most of my questions have been answered so I just had a quick couple of follow up questions. First provisioning came down sequentially. Can you give us some color on what charge-offs were in the quarter versus provisioning?
Ron Armstrong: Yes, the charge-offs came down consistent with the amount of provision reduction.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank : Was the allowance up or down sequentially?
Ron Armstrong: Allowance is down a bit reflecting lower portfolio balances but we maintain a very conservative reserve relationship to our asset balance so we’re well positioned as we go into 2010.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank : Just a follow up to that versus the previous question, so you’re comfortable with that allowance going into what could possibly be a tick up in the bankruptcies in Q1?
Ron Armstrong: Well we’re comfortable with the allowance for sure.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank : Just my last question is on, you were asked the question about the headwind of the return to the full work week in Europe, but can you give us some numbers around what the headwind will be as far as bonuses next year versus this year?
Mark Pigott: Well as you know, a lot of us were getting no bonuses and that’s the way it should be so, we’re very happy and comfortable with that. Bonuses within PACCAR don’t really have much impact on financial results for our shareholders.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank : So would you think the SG&A run rate you’re at the fourth quarter that’s fair to be using for next year?
Mark Pigott: Yes, yes, absolutely.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Duignan - JP Morgan.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan: I’m not sure what the crack on JP Morgan was there, but that’s okay.
Mark Pigott: On bonuses.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan: I wanted to take a step back and talk about the DAF Engines. You seem to emphasize over and over that these engines have 50 million miles on them. Can you talk a little bit about the engine development process and how important is it to have 50 million miles, how long does that takes, or how many engines? Does it take to generate that much experience and then thus the confidence that customers can have in the new engines?
Mark Pigott: Typically, as we look back over the last 20 years at the new engine introductions by our competitors and suppliers, it’s usually in the 10 million to 15 million mile test cycle, which is fine and obviously, particularly for our suppliers has worked out well. I can’t really comment on our competitors. I think the point that we wanted to ensure is that, these are the highest quality engines in the world, obviously we’ve got a great track record with DAF and they’re running in DAF’s everyday as you know around the world. The first time we’ve introduced our own engine into Kenworth and Peterbilt products as is PACCAR style, we wanted to go the extra mile literally and so 10 million 15 million was what the norm was for the industry. We said well why don’t we look at 300% better, which would be 50 million and so those have been running in hundreds of vehicles for the last number of years and all types of terrain and temperatures and applications and we’re the quality leader. Certainly, quality has been a topical note in the newspapers regarding the automotive industry, certainly in the last month or so, and we’re the quality leader every year and that applies to the power train in the engines so that’s why we set those targets at 50 million miles.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan: Can you just remind us if those engines are indeed certified to 0.2?
Mark Pigott: The certification with the EPA is ongoing right now and we’re confident that it will be achieved the time we go into production.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan: Just on the production side and this is my final question, you noted that you expect your production in North America or in the U.S. to be down 5% to 10% sequentially from Q4. Can you just walk us through the three other quarters then? Should we expect another line in Q2 just because you changed over the product lines and the assembly lines and then quite a steep ramp maybe above retail in Q3 as you fill the channel with trucks with new engines?
Mark Pigott: That’s a great question, Ann. Of course we don’t really change over production lines. It’s not like the car industry. We kind of gotten beyond that so that doesn’t have an impact. The second quarter for the entire industry will be an interesting one because that will be the quarter that you’ll be really focused on selling pretty much exclusively 2010 emission engines. With an $8,000 to $10,000 price point increase, the industry has to get used to that. I’m sure they will. They have every other time, every three years we have a new emission standard. So the second quarter for the industry will be, I think challenging and interesting and then as the general economy improves which we hope it will. The third quarter people are used to the price of the engines. We should get back to business as normal.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan: Would you anticipate any channel filling just to get these new products out to your dealers and get some on the lot so customers can get comfortable with it?
Mark Pigott: I think what many customers have seen the product running. We don’t do channel filling. Our products are built to order. So I think that’s the normal way that we approach. Some of our competitors may do some channel filling, but that’s not what we do.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan: So you wouldn’t anticipate any building above whatever retail it is as you go through the year?
Mark Pigott: That’s not our approach. We always meet demand.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan: Just as a final follow-up, you talked about the benefits you received from Belgium and the Netherlands. What percent of your European employees benefit from that?
Mark Pigott: I’d say probably at least half.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Elias - Sterne, Agee.
Ben Elias - Sterne, Agee: Just wanted to circle back on the margins especially the cost cutting, I was just interested if there was any other additional structural adjustments in the fourth quarter when I look at your costs as a percentage of sales, it was down about 400 basis points compared to the third quarter and then when I look historically it seems like you have another 300 to 400 basis points to go and now does that just simply come back for higher volume?
Mark Pigott: Yes, kind of a two part answer, one, PACCAR prices itself on being the low cost manufacturer in every marketplace in which we compete and I think we were achieving that because of great employees or taking a lot of good steps and benefited by programs such as Six Sigma throughout our company, so we are the low cost producer. Nothing unusual in the fourth quarter and I think to the second point as volume does increase, we do get some very excellent operating leverage and we look forward to that hopefully taking place later this year.
Ben Elias - Sterne, Agee: So what we saw in the fourth quarter is that sustainable through the low point the first half of 2010, how should we look at that going forward, when do we begin to see more of a return to what you’ve done historically?
Mark Pigott: I think in terms of the first and second quarter as production in the first quarter will be 5% to10% lower that will probably have some impact on the margin because you’ve got lower operating leverage and the second quarter will be as I say the most interesting as the industry transitions to 2010 engines, but you get back to a normalized marketplace, we certainly look forward to returning to those excellent margins.
Ben Elias - Sterne, Agee: Second question I just wanted to once again follow up. I know these questions have been asked before but truck pricing in Europe, you are seeing evidence of better used truck pricing now. Are you seeing a good pull through from some of the emerging economies, Eastern European economies because from what I recall a couple years ago, they really pulled out a lot of the three, four, and five year trucks out of Western Europe? Are we beginning to see evidence that that’s starting up again and what are we seeing over there?
Mark Pigott: Well I think in Eastern and central Europe you’re seeing slight improvement but they still have a lot of macroeconomic challenges so they’ve replaced as you indicated a lot of their older trucks, but that was several years ago so no, in a sense, Central Europe in particular is very similar to Western Europe, so I don’t see any major pull through impact.
Operator: Your next question comes from Basili Alukos – Morningstar.
Basili Alukos – Morningstar: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about your relationship with some of the bigger fleets.
Mark Pigott: Great, great relationship.
Basili Alukos – Morningstar:  I guess maybe my misconception is that PACCAR, I was more geared towards the owner operators as you mentioned. Looking at the last two recessions, there’s been about 18,000 bankruptcies in kind of the smaller owner operator space, but yet the market share of PACCAR has maintained relatively…?
Mark Pigott: Maintained and grown.
Basili Alukos – Morningstar:  Actually, grown so I wonder if you could just comment on that?
Mark Pigott: I’m not sure what your background is with the industry, but we’re the longest serving company in our industry. People that buy our products and we have about 25%, 26% share in the U.S. and Canada and 40%, 50% share of Mexico and 15% in Europe and on and on. People love our products. They have low operating cost, great resale, high quality and so that’s all ranges of customers from the very, very biggest fleets to the smallest of companies, and that’s certainly the way it’s been for well forever, but certainly over the last decade as the industry continues to consolidate.
Basili Alukos – Morningstar:  I asked, because there’s kind of been a shift in the concentration of truck purchasers with like kind of the top calls it 30 truckers out there and I was just wondering how going forward if that were to play out…?
Mark Pigott: Yes, I think that’s actually a benefit for PACCAR, because you’re going from certainly there’s always an emotional attachment and this is a beautiful piece of art that’s moving along the highway it has our named on it and as the customers names on it, but as you do more and more financial analysis, it just shows hands down that whether it’s a Kenworth, Peterbilt or DAF, that’s the product to have and it’s the low operating cost through its life cycle is our product and that’s been proven time and time again, so we’re finding a wonderful response.
Basili Alukos – Morningstar:  A follow-up if I might kind of on a bigger picture. Recently, Caterpillar kind of in their earnings release talked about housing starts in the million for this year and you seen kind of increases in truck sales and assuming that an increase in sales will lead to more production. I’m wondering how an increase in potential call for housing starts as well as auto production could lead to even more growth during for 2010 considering that truckers tend to ship a good portion of housing related and car related products versus other forms of transportation?
Mark Pigott: I hope that housing starts reaches $1 million. I’m not sure I’ve seen that particular study, but that would be good. Our 10 year average is probably about $1.2 million or $1.3 million. You can see different forecasts from 600,000 to 800,000, but that has a big impact on transport and freight because everything does get moved by truck that goes into a house, so that improves. We’re going to be benefiting from it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Obin - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
Andrew Obin - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Just a follow-up question, one of your competitors has been sort of stating that “People of SCR in terms might have difficulty running them in extreme conditions i.e., too cold or too hot.” Could you just provide us what have you guys observed as you’ve put the miles on your engines? What have you experienced then was running them under these extreme conditions? Thank you.
Mark Pigott: The whole world has adopted SCR. So there really isn’t any credible competitor that is making those claims that we know. SCR is the industry standard. So that’s it and they run from the Arctic to the Mojave Desert and they do great. So everyone in the industry has adopted it. All of the support programs are either in place or being put in place. It’s actually a non-event now.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Raso - ISI.
David Raso - ISI: I was just wondering if we take the midpoint of your sales forecast for North America the 125,000 and for simplicity maintain your share of 25%, you’re looking to sell roughly 31,000 trucks in North America in ‘10. What percent of those trucks do you think will have ‘09 engines and then obviously what percent ‘10?
Mark Pigott: I would say that probably 75% would have ‘10.
David Raso - ISI: So I’m trying to square that up assuming you’re going to work through your ‘09 engines a large percent in the first quarter and the new engines won’t be available until the summer…?
Mark Pigott: That’s our new engine.
David Raso - ISI: So they come in 15 liters, mostly what’s going to makeup your second quarter or say early summer sales…?
Mark Pigott: That’s correct. The whole range, we’re their largest customer. They’re an excellent partner.
Operator: Your final question comes from Garrett Stevens - Giovine Capital.
Garrett Stevens - Giovine Capital: So, just to a follow up on the Mississippi plant once again. Presumably you’ll produce the engines in Europe to begin with because there’s too much excess capacity currently. What sort of demand level would you need to justify starting up the plans in Mississippi?
Mark Pigott: Well, let me clarify. The Mississippi plant is starting up and will be assembling the final specs of the engine and we are currently installing the machining capital equipment and that will be ready to go in 2011.
Garrett Stevens - Giovine Capital: What sort of demand level would you need to justify doing the machining at that facility then?
Mark Pigott: Well, we look to meet the demand for our 13 liter engines from that factory so it’s going to start up next year.
Garrett Stevens - Giovine Capital: Okay and then on the finance side if I could very quickly, it seems like you’ve been taking share. Is that continue in the fourth quarter and do you think you can sustain that once the credit market is normalized?
Ron Armstrong: PACCAR Financial and PACCAR Leasing we’ve got excellent access to the credit markets and we’ve been there to support our dealers and customers throughout the challenges and I think the dealers and customers appreciate the level of customer services that we can provide and we look to continue to build on that as we go forward in 2010.
Mark Pigott: I think just picking up on that good comment from Ron, you’ve seen several large third party financing companies withdraw from the market or severely curtail their approach to the market and then you’ve got the ongoing overhang of the commercial real estate that’s having a real dramatic impact particularly on local and regional maybe even super regional banks that typically might have been working with the transportation industry so that’s being impacted and as a result, PACCAR financial is there through great times, through lien times and we keep adding to our team, introducing easier to use retail tools and the teams just done a fantastic job and the same in Europe.
Garrett Stevens - Giovine Capital: So will we start raising financing at the sub level in 2010 again? Will you start raising financing at the subsidiary level in 2010 again instead of doing it at the parent?
Mark Pigott: Yes, we’ve borrowed both during 2009 out of our finance subsidiaries as well as out of PACCAR Inc, and we’ll continue to do that during the course of 2010 will be a balance as well as commercial paper borrowings.
Operator: There are no other questions in queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Robin Easton:  I’d just like to thank everyone for their excellent questions and thank you Operator.
Operator: Ladies and Gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR’s earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-27 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Robin Easton - Treasurer Mark Pigott - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Ron Armstrong - Senior Vice President Michael Barkley - Vice President & Controller
Analysts: Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Andy Casey - Wells Fargo Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson Henry Kirn - UBS Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Steve Volkmann - Jeffries Andrew Obin - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank Ann Duignan - JP Morgan David Leiker - Robert W. Baird
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PACCAR’s third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today’s call is being recorded and if anyone has an objection, they should disconnect at this time. I’d now like to introduce Mr. Robin Easton, PACCAR’s Treasurer. Mr. Easton, please go ahead.
Robin Easton: Good morning. We’d like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Robin Easton, Treasurer of PACCAR. Joining me this morning are Mark Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ron Armstrong, Senior Vice President; and Michael Barclay, Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls if there are members of the media participating, we request that they participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involves risk and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Mark Pigott.
Mark Pigott: Good morning. PACCAR today announced improved third quarter revenues of $2 billion and net income of $13 million. These encouraging results reflect the continued impact of a recessionary economy on freight shipments and truck purchases. I’m very proud of our 15,000 employees who have delivered positive net income to our shareholders and customers in very challenging business conditions. As you know, PACCAR is dedicated to delivering exceptional quality products and services, outstanding shareholder returns and environmental leadership. PACCAR is proactively addressed the cyclical nature of the business by aligning operating expenses, capital expenditures and research and development with current market conditions. SG&A expenses for the first nine months of 2009 have been reduced by $117 million or 32% from 2008 levels. Turning to the market, the U.S. and Canadian truck markets have been in a recession for three years, but now seem to be improving slightly. Industry new orders of Class 8 trucks have increased in each of the last four months. Industry retail sales this year are expected to be 100,000 to 110,000 units. Looking ahead to 2010, we estimate that industry retail sales in the U.S. and Canada will be 110,000 to 140,000 units, which could be a 10% to 40% improvement on this year. European truck markets will be up 170,000 to 180,000 units this year. The economic recovery in Europe is lagging behind North America in most industries. In the truck industry, we see truck sales in Europe for 2010 are estimated to be 150,000 to 180,000 units, comparable to 1992. The good news DAF achieved record market share of 14.9% in the first nine months of this year. That’s the highest market share they have had in their over 75 year history. Overall, I am pleased to report that PACCAR’s one of the few global companies in the automotive sector to earn a profit this year. While profits have been lower than we would have liked, net income is positive. We have achieved excellent operating cash flow of $1.2 billion over the last four quarters and we have a strong balance sheet reflected in our AA minus credit rating, PACCAR’s excellent liquidity of the healthy cash balance of $2 billion and syndicated bank lines of $3 billion. During the year, PACCAR raised over $1 billion in medium term notes and is well position for the remainder of this year and 2010. Importantly, shareholder equity has increased and we continue to invest in new products, facilities, and efficiency enhancements. PACCAR financial services pre-tax income was $18 million in the third quarter of 2009 compared to $45.5 million earned in the third quarter last year. These smaller portfolio higher borrowing costs and credit losses impacted the profitability. The good news is that the provision for credit losses in the third quarter was $26.6 million compared to $29.1 million in the second quarter. Pre-tax profit in the third quarter was $2.5 million higher than the second quarter. Additionally, accounts 30 plus days past due represented 4% of the portfolio at the end of the third quarter compared to 4.7% at the end of the second quarter. We have been encouraged by the continued stabilization of used truck prices in the U.S. and Canada, as well as used truck pricing in some European markets. Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF trucks are extending the retail resale leadership position due to their clearly defined quality advantages. Speaking of quality, PACCAR’s intense focus on customer satisfaction has resulted in Kenworth trucks earning the J.D. Power customer satisfaction awards in all segment of the Class 8 industry this year. PACCAR’s earned 30 J.D. Power awards in the last 11 years, five times that of our closes competitor, a remarkable achievement. In addition, Peterbilt has earned them medium duty J.D. Power award in 2009. As you know, our customers worldwide are the real winners. While conditions remain challenging in the industry, our customers are benefiting from stable diesel prices, low driver turnover and a slight increase in freight tonnage during the third quarter. Our 1900 Kenworth, Peterbilt, and DAF dealer locations are leading the commercial vehicle industry in customer service. They’ve invested in their facilities, operating efficiency and have prudently managed their balance sheets to profitably grow business when the markets recover. Inventories of new trucks at PACCAR dealers are low, which is good and as I’ve shared with you earlier this year DAF dealer, new truck inventory continues to improve, declining another 15% in the third quarter, which equates to approximately 100 million euro lower wholesale receivables. In summary, PACCAR’s invested $3.5 billion in the last decade to enhance its operating efficiency, develop new products, strengthen its dealer network, and become an industry leader and information technology. Our manufacturing facilities and distribution centers are achieving record quality and productivity, which positions the company for strong performance as the industry returns to a normal vehicle replacement cycle. Thank you. I look forward to your questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital.
Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital : I’m hoping you can talk a little bit about your expectations for how gross margins can trend over the next several quarters and maybe, just to set the stage, if you can talk about the modest decline you saw in gross margins sequentially in the truck business. I realize that aftermarket was a lower percentage of total sales. If I proud the same parts gross margin that we saw in the second quarter, it doesn’t account for all the difference. Where there some factors with respect to regional mix, factory utilization or pricing that impacted the second quarter to third quarter move in gross margins and then if you could talk about how that rolls forward, that’s great. Thank you.
Mark Pigott: Gross margins, are made up of many different groups within the company, Europe, between the third and second quarter continue to have a challenging time and throughout the entire industry. In fact, I would say throughout most industries in Europe, so that definitely had an impact. Going forward as the economy improves, while we would expect that our gross margins would improve also and I think nothing unusual in any aspect of the business except our team doing a good job of working through a very difficult recession.
Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital : Then, maybe if you can talk a little bit more about the outlook for 2010 in Europe, specifically if you can give us some color around the scenario that would define the low end of the 150 to 180 range and we seem to be hearing from some of your peers that the end market demand at least feels like things are bouncing alone the bottom, although a recovery may be sometime off. So, how should we be thinking about the low end of your scenario and maybe some, some likelihood that you assign to the low end versus the high end?
Mark Pigott: We look at it as a range. We tend to be more on the conservative side than some of our competitors and we certainly would like it to be at the top end of that range. Europe is working through its own recession and has its own challenges versus the North American economies, similar, but different and kind of a split now between Northern European recoveries maybe a little bit sooner than a Southern European. I think we’re just, as we look out for the next 14 to 15 months. We’re just trying to get at a realistic, conservative range, but as you pointed out, we would always like to be at the upper end of that range and that’s the way the economies bear out.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Couple of questions; one, on PACCAR finance, I guess I was encouraged by, again this quarter we saw some sequential improvement. It seems like the U.S. and Canada has made the most progress. Can you just talk about Europe and sort of when you see that market bottoming? Then I guess my follow-up question would be, you gave an outlook for the U.S., you gave it for Western and Central Europe, but what are you seeing in the rest of world, which are probably driven more by emerging markets, we’re hearing signs emerging markets, so economies continues to improve. So I’m just wondering, how we should think about that in 2010 or what your customers are telling you?
Mark Pigott: Are you talking about Asia?
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Just in anything that would be in your rest of world bucket?
Mark Pigott: Ron, why don’t we talk about on the finance company?
Ron Armstrong: On the finance company, we have seen, as Mark mentioned, some add grail improvement in our past dues, which I think is reflective of our overall portfolio performance. Losses in our European portfolio peaked in the second quarter with a slight improvement in the third quarter. So still very challenging, but the trends you gave.
Mark Pigott: Picking up on the second part of your question, we look at South America, seems to be doing reasonably well. I think a number of the competitors have commented on that. Australia is strong. We’re increasing build rates there. Asia, the strongest economies in the world, particularly China and to some extent, India, those markets are good. We don’t have that much interface. We do sell some and to some of the companies, but like all of our competitors, it’s a limited market, but certainly the Asian markets are by far the strongest.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Then quick follow-up questions, I don’t think you mentioned in prepared remarks, production in Q4 versus Q3 and then you said dealer inventories were down 15% sequentially. How should we think about that in the fourth quarter?
Mark Pigott: In the fourth quarter for DAF inventory?
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: For DAF dealers, I mean you said…?
Mark Pigott: The progress on reducing the inventory, I mean they’re down now several year low or comparable a couple years ago. So that’s very healthy, very encouraging for our dealers and because as you go forward instead of selling out of dealer stock, they’ll be placing orders on the factory, that will take sometime, little over next year. We see a positive step that way.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Then the last production for the total company?
Mark Pigott: We’re in very good shape.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Production for Q4 versus Q3?
Mark Pigott: North America, it should be some improvement, orders are coming in. As I mentioned, throughout the industry, we’re seeing sort of month-on-month increase for the last several months. Some of that maybe slightly impacted because of the 2010 emissions, but I think just generally the economy is, I think a little bit better. In Europe, I think the production will be comparable to down versus the third quarter. So Europe’s about six to 12 months behind North America throughout many industries in terms of recovery.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Do you think North America and Europe offset one another so we’re about flat or still lightly down?
Mark Pigott: I think at this time to be conservative, let’s say they are comparable in terms of offsetting, but we’ll obviously know more as time goes on.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andy Casey - Wells Fargo.
Andy Casey - Wells Fargo: Quick question, on detail point, $4.2 million restructuring, what line item does that get attributed to?
Ron Armstrong: That’s been in the cost of sales line.
Andy Casey - Wells Fargo: Then on a broader level, kind of you talked about the used truck pricing stabilizing in North America and then most of Europe. Can you talk about what you’re seeing in terms of new truck pricing trends, just not an industry level? Are those coming down, or are they still fairly aggressive?
Mark Pigott: Our new truck pricing in the U.S. and Canada is improving slightly. In Europe, I would say it’s probably pretty steady what it’s been for the last three to six months.
Andy Casey - Wells Fargo: Then when we look at some of the profitability metrics for you guys in the quarter and then some of your loose peers, it seems like there’s been a benefit related to input costs. I know volumes are depressed, but did notice any of that during the quarter?
Mark Pigott: When you say input costs, what are you thinking about?
Ron Armstrong: As an example, the material used to make your trucks. Not so much.
Andy Casey - Wells Fargo : What you’re saying is we seem to be doing a little bit better than the competitors outweigh, is that we’re kind of getting at here?
Ron Armstrong: No it’s just been a trend you always do better than your competitors. There’s been a trend through this earnings season where input costs have benefited as people work through higher cost inventory and…
Mark Pigott: Lower commodity pricing?
Andy Casey - Wells Fargo: Yes.
Mark Pigott: Certainly the commodities have come down from their bubble of a year or so ago, which was probably unrealistic and it’s certainly benefited the commodity companies, but the rest of any industry that view that commodity saw their cost o goods go up. So, that’s been some benefit. It certainly has not recaptured where we think it should be compared to four or five years ago, whether it’s petroleum or aluminum or copper or precious metals. We may not ever see those days, but there’s been some improvement, but I just to like to kind of take one point in terms of the pricing and used truck values. I think it really comes down to quality and that’s really where we’re focused on and as, we always have been and whether it’s the J.D. Powers or just the market price on used trucks and the used truck lot, that’s the main differentiator, is PACCAR’s focus on quality so and that has an impacted.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research: Can you talk at all about what’s happening to the rates on your leasing book? Are they rising, flat, falling, just a sense?
Michael Barkley : I think overall market rates are down, so the rate that we charge our customers are down somewhat over the year, but our margins, we continue to get good competitive margins. We’re there for our customers and our dealers.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research: That the big swing in the wholesale receivables, is that you just shrinking your finance book inline with changes in the industry?
Ron Armstrong: It’s primarily, as Mark mentioned, the 15% reduction in dealer inventories in Europe that we saw and we’ve seen that kind, but we going to each of the prior quarters this year.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research: Do you have a number on how many used trucks are parked out there, or something that can point us maybe to the relative change in the last two quarters?
Mark Pigott: The used trucks?
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research: Yes, the idle trucks?
Mark Pigott: I think it’s going down. We don’t have that number. We obviously talk with our customers about that on a regular basis and there’s many, of course you’ve seen many of our customers have reported reasonable earnings over the last month or so and as we talk to them, there are just fewer and fewer new trucks parked and the used trucks with the price stabilizing are coming into service. So I think that’s actually in pretty good shape.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research: Yes, okay, because I heard it was as high as 150 to 170 and it sounds like it’s down more close to that 120….
Mark Pigott: I think it is down and obviously, used truck pricing is a function of how much inventory is available and as you reduce the inventory, the pricing tends to stabilize and then of course you have the factor of new truck pricing that bears into it. So I think used trucks are in reasonable position.
Operator: Your next question comes from J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson.
J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson: I was a little off on my model and SG&A and I had to hop on a little late. Maybe you could give me a little color as to why that went up sequentially? Is there something that I’m missing? I heard that the restructuring was in cost of sales. So, what was the swing factors they are relative to Q2?
Mark Pigott: The SG&A?
J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson: Yes, selling and administrative expenses of $87.4 million versus $79.2 million, last quarter?
Mark Pigott: There’s a couple factors, one: our second quarter benefited from kind of accrual throughout that remained and the third quarter also benefited that of while exchange rates are down when compared to prior year, they’re up sequentially from the second quarter. So it’s a quarter of exchange rate little bit as loss
J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson: So it’s a little bit of a Q2 impact and a little bit of Q3 impact, okay.
Mark Pigott: Pretty comparable, really.
J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson: Maybe, Mark, you could talk about maybe the timing isn’t perfect for this kind of thing, but sort of your acquisition thoughts that are currently in and thoughts about cash deployment.
Mark Pigott: Obviously, we spent a lot of time reviewing the PACCAR, as you are intimating, is in very good financial shape and we are strategically reviewing opportunities, had nothing to report, but are in good position to see if there are some business opportunities we should take advantage of. In addition to continuing to invest in our current divisions, which continue to improve their efficiency and quality. So we’re in good shape and are reviewing opportunities.
Operator: Your next question comes from Henry Kirn - UBS.
Henry Kirn - UBS: Hey, question on the 2010 engine, is it possible to give a little color around the incremental pricing there and maybe any preliminary thoughts on the demand for it?
Mark Pigott: I think the pricing has been out in the public for at least half a year and that’s $8,000 to $10,000 increase in pricing for 2010 engines. 2010 engines are ready to go. They are in a good shape and obviously our customers and our industry work through a mission enhancement about every three years. I think it was our fourth or fifth one in the last dozen years. I think as the history’s shown us, the engines perform well, they deliver good performance, if customers get used to it, and it really becomes a non-factor after a while. So I’m sure this one will play out along a similar vain.
Henry Kirn - UBS: I guess the question was is this customers’ in North America first chance to buy one of your engines, so have you…?
Mark Pigott: Well, that would be a special treat. Our engines are performing well and 50 year history, and we’ve got tens of millions of miles of evaluation and testing and we’re looking forward to having those engines in Kenworth and Peterbilts next year.
Henry Kirn - UBS: Are there, are there any more benefits from the plant closures in the next few quarters, or is that sort of now behind us?
Mark Pigott: When you say benefits from the closures?
Ron Armstrong: Financial benefits?
Henry Kirn - UBS: Right, the onetime benefit from the healthcare program at the one plant in the quarter?
Ron Armstrong: Yes, that’s a one off.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: I was wondering if we could give just a follow-up on that last question, if we could talk a little bit about the Madison quote. What was the capacity there or maybe another way to look at it, what percent of your total domestic volume did that represent? Then could you put that into context into what your view is of the long term market, doesn’t look like you changed your forecast of replacement demand of 2.25 to 250,000 units, I mean that implies that you think you can make up the volume at your other Peterbilt plants or something else is unfolding there, so could you talk through that?
Mark Pigott: I think the answer is in your question and that is we will make it up at our other facilities, which through the last, well, decade or more. We continue to invest in, as we invest in all of our facilities and without really increasing the footprint, we have enhanced the capacity by between 50% and 100% and so it’s very difficult decision obviously to close any factory, has a real impact on our business colleagues and that’s a very sad time. It was a necessary decision, but in terms of capacity and our customers and our dealers, actually I think there will be some benefits. So if we have sufficient capacity to meet a strong in a boom market and of course there’s always a benefit of running more product through one or two factories versus two or three factories. I think we’re in very good shape.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: What do you think your capacity is at the other facility today, is it 50% to 100% increase that prior investments helped you get, helped you meet next cycled peak?
Mark Pigott: Absolutely, yes, it does. Yes.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: Then just a second question here. Could you talk about how you’re planning your inventories for the remainder of the year, and as we go into next year, because it sounds as if one of your competitors is stockpiling some engines to build a cost advantage for next year. Wondering how you’re positioning the company for that and then also, PACCAR’s going to need some of the 13 liter engines over from Europe and there’s some longer lead times with that product. So I wonder if you have to take on more engine inventory to support demand for next year.
Mark Pigott: In terms of the way the industry typically approaches these emission changes, there’s a transition time of about one quarter or perhaps slightly more. I think PACCAR has shown through almost every one of these transitions that we typically are the first company to transition completely to the new EPA emission regulations. We think that’s what excellent companies do and we obviously are an excellent company. So I can’t really comment on what the competitors do. Sometimes they’re looking for any advantage they can get, but we’re taking on some inventory, but I think like the rest of the industry, we’ll transition through the first quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Volkmann - Jeffries.
Steve Volkmann - Jeffries: Just a quick question on the finished good inventory that you and your dealers have, would you expect the reduction in that to be kind of running its course through this year and then big sort of done as we get into next year or would you be expecting further reductions next year?
Mark Pigott: I think North America and Europe a little bit different, but in North America, our Kenworth and Peterbilt dealers are on an excellent position and their inventory is quite low. So we would expect that as the economy improves, they would increase their inventory inline with strong markets that we’ve experienced many, many times. In Europe, which is six to 12 months behind North America, as we indicated, we expect the inventory to continue to decrease, but as it stabilizes middle of next year, we would think that inventory would actually increase at our dealers. They would be in very good position there in Europe.
Steve Volkmann - Jeffries: So it sounds like for the full 2010, you could actually be producing a little bit of both retail demand as some of this restocking occurs. Is that the right read?
Mark Pigott: We’ve seen some of that in the past. Looks really, this is a difficult, challenging recession, which we’ve managed through very well. That would be an optimistic scenario. So I would say let’s see how that unfolds.
Steve Volkmann - Jeffries: Do you have orders yet for your 2010 engine driven trucks, or is it else still sort of for year end?
Mark Pigott: It’s primarily year end. We have many customers who are looking forward to the PACCAR engine.
Steve Volkmann - Jeffries: But no orders yet.
Mark Pigott: Not at this time. It’s just transitioning through. I mean, people are, some are starting to put a few in for the first quarter. I mean it’s a normal transition.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Obin - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch.
Andrew Obin - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Just a follow-up on question on engines, given what’s happening in the economy, and I understand that you forecast unchanged. Are you in any way adjusting your thinking as to when the North American engine plant is coming online and how long you are going to source engines from Europe? Also how does FX sort of figure in your considerations?
Mark Pigott: I think it’s pretty much in line with what we’ve been discussing over the last couple of years. The factory itself, the building is all complete and we’ve got a very good team there and we will start bringing those engines in from Europe, as always was our plan, next year, and transitioning to machining and assembling them as time progresses. I think we’re in very, very good shape and as the factory gets going, we’d certainly enjoy having you and your colleagues come down for a tour. We can show you the kind of investments that PACCAR is making.
Andrew Obin - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: No changing in your thinking on the time line?
Mark Pigott: No, I think it’s in line with what we’ve talked from last year from the last year or two.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: I saw a surprise on comments about new about new truck pricing and at least that maybe some that comments that you made last quarter and then what we’ve been hearing out of some of the bigger phase recently, can you talk a little bit about the mix in the U.S. and the trend toward fleets obviously, what the owner/operator and the smaller suite having access to credit and less capitalized? How do you see your target end market in 2010? Is it more focused on the fleet? Kind of what does that do to margins and how do you think about that going forward?
Mark Pigott: I think its 10, 20 years ago, the owner/operator and the smaller companies were certainly a major portion of our business, but I’d say for the last decade, they have been a very small part as owner/operators tend to align themselves with larger fleets. Many benefit whether, its fuel price or healthcare or the availability of getting freight loads. So I think in terms of our customers, there’s been really not that much of a change for quite a few years. I think your question’s a good one and I think it’s a little bit of a, let’s call it older take that some people still take PACCAR, but our customers are, run the gamut from one truck to many thousands of trucks, and the certainly the majority of the customers are mid and large size suites nowadays and that’s who we sell to.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: I was wondering, if did comment. Can you talk a little bit about where you are in the certification in the EPA process for your 2010 engine?
Mark Pigott: We’re right in line. We’re in great shape.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: So you don’t expect any delays?
Mark Pigott: Nope, we don’t.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: Mark, I’m wondering, if we can discuss bookings in Europe, where we’re book-to-bill recover north of one for your competitors, I guess based on share gain comments that you made and we’re seeing in the industry data. Is it fair to say that your bookings are better than that?
Mark Pigott: Kind of explain your terminology. I want to make sure, it sounds kind of bad. What do you actually mean?
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: So orders provided by shipments, just total units. So total unit orders divided by total unit shipments?
Mark Pigott: No, our orders and shipments are very much inline and have been for probably a few quarters. If you’re kind of thinking a year or two ago, probably working through a backlog, as many people were, that backlog has aligned itself with the order intake. So it’s a pretty stable. I think, we’re gaining share because people love DAF products in Europe and we got a strong dealer network and that’s all a good thing.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: From a production standpoint, we’re seeing your competitors increasing production. Obviously, they have had a bigger inventory overhang than you have had, but are you increasing production as well now that you’ve got the inventory situation, closer to being ironed out, talking sequentially obviously and not year-over-year?
Mark Pigott: Right, I’m not sure our competitors are increasing their build. I mean we know our competitors pretty well, but whatever they say we’ll go with. I think almost everybody in the industry is keeping build pretty constant.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: Yes, I guess I was referring to it, but maybe some of the others are moving in different direction. On the orders for the North America market, sounds like you’re seeing a bit of a recovery there. We have one of your competitors looking at, in the third quarter orders being literally up three times what they were in the second quarter. Is that the magnitude of recovery that you’re seeing as well?
Mark Pigott: We’re seeing improved orders, as we mentioned for Kenworth and Peterbilt, which is good. It’s been recession for three years. The team has done a fantastic job and hopefully, we’re starting to see the economy improving and we’ll benefit from that and I think Kenworth and Peterbilt share has increased in the last quarter or so. I don’t know what the competitors are talking about. It sounds like we’re trying to catch some kind of good news going.
Operator: Your next question comes from Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank: Most of my questions have been answered, so I have just a rather quick follow-up. So if the volumes payout like you was thinking next year. You’ve done a really good job of controlling the R&D this year, as well as the CapEx. If the volumes payout the way you’re thinking next year, where do you see both of those items going?
Mark Pigott: In our press release, we just got a very simple one line note saying we would look to increase CapEx and R&D as the economy recovers. Obviously, our industry has spent a lot of investment on getting ready for 2010 engines and so that tends to decrease and as it decreases, we would look at increasing the amount of debt we’re investing on new product development and continuing to enhance our factory productivity. So the economy improves certainly many wonderful projects that we’ll deliver results throughout our company and to our shareholders that we are eager to embark on.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank: Is the CapEx for a new engine plant in North America is all the tooling employees as well or they’re going to be CapEx associated with that to gain production as well?
Mark Pigott: There will be some CapEx associated with that as well for the tooling.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank: What should I think about in the tax rate for the fourth quarter? It seems to be pretty volatile lately.
Mark Pigott: It’s always pretty volatile because it reflects. There are country like here is able profitability and changes. You could expect the full year rate to be 24% to 25%, so we would expect the four quarter rate to be up a bit.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Duignan - JP Morgan.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan: I want to take a step back to the topic you discussed a little bit earlier, and that is your mix of business hasn’t really changed that much. However, you have lost a pretty significant amount of market share, if I look at September ‘09 year-to-date, your market share is about 24.3% and a year ago September year-to-date ‘08 of about 25.7%...
Ron Armstrong: I wouldn’t say that’s significant, almost less than one point.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan: Three decimal points?
Mark Pigott: We measure net income and quality performance, Ann. That’s what we measure.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan: How can you explain the difference between no change in mix and, your competitor and has gained significant market share, just curious how you reconcile both upon.
Mark Pigott: Well, I can’t really comment. I know that many of our competitors sell at losses and drive for market share. That’s not our focus, never has been in 105 years. We pride ourselves on best return to our shareholders, quality products, quality people, great dealers and that’s our focus and I say, our market share is essentially flat with last year and as I mentioned in Europe, its up, has been going up over the last 10 years. So, that’s all we can say.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan: Just back to the 13 liter engine coming over from Europe, truck with that engine ship?
Mark Pigott: We’re looking middle of next year.
Operator: Your final question comes from David Leiker - Robert W. Baird.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird: I just want a clarification here. As we look all the way back to I think it was the first question, sequentially revenues are up pretty meaningfully with the profits our gross profit numbers about the same. I think your comment was just the European, want the performance in the European market is that correct, just clarification on that?
Mark Pigott: I think we were talking about margins early on now you’re indicating?
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird : Yes, your gross profit is up the sequentially, while your revenues up the $150 million. Q3 versus Q2 and I think you’re comment that was due to or is there something else there? At work there?
Mark Pigott: I think that’s fair. Europe had an in put.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird : Then looking forward on the Q2 versus Q3, is there anything on the cost side or the profit side that you would think would be different excluding volume? Are there any pluses or minuses we should be aware of take you for.
Mark Pigott: I think there are probably pluses and minuses as we look at Q4, as we’ve indicated with some of the questions. There’s an increase in volume in the U.S. and Canada. As the economy recovers a little bit and typically that has some benefit on the margin side. Europe, 6 months to 12 months behind North America continues to, end through the market, probably comparable to where the U.S. and Canada was a year ago.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird : On the US go to used truck pricing is it your sense that’s starting to drive some better capacity utilization that these up ticks relay quarters we’re seeing our end market demand do better as opposed to more pre buy. Do really what’s your sense on that? 
Ron Armstrong: Are you talking about general freight for the industry?
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird : There’s up tick we see in orders of Q4, if that’s really end market demand driving it, more than pre buy on the 2010 engines.
Ron Armstrong: Well, it’s probably a bit of both. I think the general economy; we’re still in a recession. I mean unemployment continues to grow throughout our country. Car productions at a 20 year low, housing starts are at a 50 year low. So, that’s the real world. I know we get excited about what politicians, economists and TV people say, but in the real world, it’s, there are plenty of challenges out there. So there’s some freight, maybe a little bit more freight moving and the freight companies, our customers have done an excellent job of managing through it. They are getting probably a little bit better utilization of their fleets, which is healthy, but it’s still plenty of challenges out there.
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue at this time are there any additional remarks from the company?
Robin Easton: I’d just like to thank everyone for their excellent questions and thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR’s earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-28 19:45:00) =====
Executives:   Robin Easton – Treasurer Mark C. Pigott – Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer Ronald E. Armstrong – Senior Vice President Michael T. Barkley – Vice President & Controller
Analysts :  Joel Tiss – Buckingham Research JB Groh – D.A. Davidson & Co. Henry Kirn – UBS Stephen Volkmann – Jefferies & Co. Jamie Cook – Credit Suisse Adam Uhlman – Cleveland Research Company Meredith Taylor – Barclays Capital Kristine Kubacki – Avondale Partners, LLC Jerry Revich – Goldman Sachs Ann Duignan – JP Morgan Andrew Obin – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Andrew Casey – Wells Fargo Securities David Leiker – Robert W. Baird & Company Patrick Nolan – Deutsche Bank Basili Alukos – Morningstar David Raso – ISI Group Mike Roarke – McAdams Wright Ragen  
Operator:  Welcome to PACCAR’s second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. All lines will be in a listen only mode until the question and answer session. Today’s call is being recorded and if anyone has an objection they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Robin Easton PACCAR’s Treasurer. 
Robin Easton : We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Robin Easton, Treasurer of PACCAR and joining me this morning are Mark Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ron Armstrong, Senior Vice President and Michael Barkley, Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls if there are member of the media participating we request that they participate in a listen only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Mark Pigott.
Mark C. Pigott : I’m pleased to report PACCAR’s results for the second quarter 2009, revenues of $1.85 billion and net income of $26 million reflect the very challenging recession affecting all industries worldwide. As we exam the economic landscape for the third and fourth quarters it appears to be equally as challenging as the first half of the year. PACCAR’s third quarter truck build and financial results are expected to be comparable to the second quarter excluding the onetime pre-tax gain of $47.7 million from our healthcare plan revision. Looking ahead to 2010, our preliminary estimates for Class 8 truck retail sales for the US and Canadian market is 110,000 to 140,000 units which would be a slight improvement to this year primarily driven by the requirement to replace the aging vehicle fleet. In Europe, our initial estimate for 2010 truck registrations above 15 tons is 150,000 to 180,000 units comparable to 1992. The European market is projected to be lower next year due to the continued economic uncertainty and the relatively young average vehicle fleet age in Europe. The good news is that PACCAR continues to be one of the leaders in the industrial and automotive segment. Obviously, profits are not where we would like them to be but net income is positive and we achieved excellent operating cash flow supported by the strength of our balance sheet. Our liquidity continues to be in excellent shape with a healthy cash position and $3 billion of syndicated bank lines.  The commercial vehicle markets around the world in terms of industry orders are low. PACCAR has proactively addressed the cyclical nature of the business by continuing to reduce spending including trimming combined spending on R&D and capital by 60% year-to-date compared to last year as well as lowering our dividend. In the US and Canada used truck pricing for Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks is stabilizing. PACCAR Financial pretax income was $15.6 million compared to $58.7 million a year ago. A smaller portfolio, higher borrowing costs and credit losses impacted the profit results. In Europe, which is about a year behind in the US and Canada in terms of the economic cycle, PACCAR Financial is experiencing increased credit losses particularly in the southern European countries due to the dramatic slowdown in their housing markets. As a result, the global provision for credit losses increased from $25 million in the first quarter to $29.1 million in the second quarter. On a positive note, 30 day past due figures improved from 4.9% at the end of the first quarter to 4.7% at the end of quarter two. As we all know, new products are the life blood of all companies and PACCAR continues to invest in our vehicles and services. We’re updating our product ranges in different markets including the medium duty markets in the US and Canada. The decision by General Motors and Sterling to exit the medium duty market has provided some opportunities, the result being Kenworth and Peterbilt has increased retail market share to 14% in the medium duty market. More good news, our Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF dealers are achieving good absorption for their parts and service business and many are in excellent shapes in terms of low new vehicle inventory and increased used truck sales. In fact, as I shared with you after the first quarter the DAF dealer new truck inventory continues to improve declining another 15% in the last three months. By September, just a short two months from now, the US and Canadian transport market will be in its third year of recession. It’s a challenging time for the industry. PACCAR is in excellent shape due to its dedicate 16,000 employees and a very experienced management team. We have an excellent balance sheet, market leading products and services and quality leadership throughout our operations.  Our balanced approach in all phases of the business cycle position us to generate great results when the economy improves. I’m very proud of our employee’s exceptional performance and thank them for their support as we continue to work through this difficult recession. We are making positive progress on our industry leading productivity, efficiency and quality which are the defining characteristics of PACCAR and the products and services that we deliver to our customers. Thank you and I look forward to your questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Joel Tiss – Buckingham Research.
Joel Tiss – Buckingham Research: Just a quick one, it sounds like you’re under producing the retail demand in the near term to clean out the inventories so is it fair for us to think that in 2010 your profitability could snap back a little further than what you’re expecting the industry unit volume to improve?
Mark C. Pigott : Great question; Joel you’ve been covering us for a long time and we produce to what our customers demand. We’ve indicated that we’re thinking there might be a slight improvement in the North American market because we’re three years in to this recession now and certainly the age of the fleet is getting older so we’re looking to have some improvement in North America. Europe on the other hand continues to lag North America just because they went in to the recession later. As you picked up quite pointedly, the dealers are in good shape so they need to start ordering stock units at the appropriate times so that could be a benefit so that is how it will all play out.
Operator:  Your next question comes from JB Groh – D.A. Davidson & Co.
JB Groh – D.A. Davidson & Co.: You’ve been pretty proactive in terms of cutting costs and that sort of thing, if this continues as it looks like it will, what do you see in terms of other things that you can do and how would you characterize sort of in a baseball analogy where you are in terms of the ability to cut costs?
Mark C. Pigott : Are you talking about the homerun derby or all star game?
JB Groh – D.A. Davidson & Co.: I’m just talking about which inning do you think you’re in, in terms of the menu of things that you could do, how much more do you think there is out there that you could do?
Mark C. Pigott : I think PACCAR is always proactive on reducing costs. We continue to review and have reviewed ongoing, I mean we do it every day, every year. I think if you’re alluding to the healthcare plan revision, that doesn’t happen very often so I think it’s just day-to-day. We’ve got great employees, we’re always looking to be more efficient but I don’t think there’s any big home run cost reductions if that’s what you’re driving at. I think it’s just steady day-to-day review of all of our operations on how we can continue to do it a little better.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Henry Kirn – UBS.
Henry Kirn – UBS: I was wondering if you could chat a little bit about pricing in the market from a competitive standpoint and how much used pricing is impacting your ability to get pricing in both North America and Europe?
Mark C. Pigott : Okay, there’s sort of four different segments, we’ve got North America, Europe sort of new pricing and used pricing. In North America as I’ve indicated we’re coming in to the third year of this recession. I think pricing for new vehicles is stabilizing obviously at much lower levels than it was a few years ago. Used truck pricing is stabilizing also in North America and for several of our models might actually increase a little bit. Of course, the good news for us is that we continue to deliver premium quality and get a premium price on new and used around the world so that’s certainly a benefit to us. In Europe used pricing is probably continuing to slightly trend down and new truck pricing is I’d say probably sort of flattish right now. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Stephen Volkmann – Jefferies & Co.
Stephen Volkmann – Jefferies & Co.: I just wanted to sort of go a little further with Joel’s question, some of your competitors I guess in Europe have talked about inventory reduction kind of nearing the end and potentially being able to increase production a little bit in the third quarter over the second. Is that something that you guys could be doing as well either in North America or Europe?
Mark C. Pigott : We respond to what our customers and our dealers order. We’re build to order, always have been. A number of our competitors own most of their dealer networks so I’m not sure how they manage their inventory, it’s a little longer pipeline but they own the whole pipeline so I’m not sure how that actually works for them. If we’re getting more orders in we’ll be building more but I think to project that the third quarter will be better than the second quarter, I certainly haven’t seen any of our competitors talk about that, I’ve seen the reverse. As far as the European market DAF PACCAR is in the best shape in terms of profitability and going forward quality products.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jamie Cook – Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook – Credit Suisse: I guess my first question one, obviously it’s doom and gloom right now but when things sort of turn we tend to underestimate the earnings leverage of a company so can you sort of help me think about how we think about, especially given a lot of the cost reductions you guys had, you’re a much leaner organization. You tend to improve peak-to-peak margins each cycle, talk about that and how you sort of think about incremental margins coming out of this. Then Mark, just my last question about the dividend cut that you announced this quarter, with $2 billion or so in cash can you talk to me about your rational behind it and does this just speak to the length of the recession or is it more of a function of you wanted to maintain your credit rating? Just how you thought about that?
Mark C. Pigott : Let’s address the dividend, obviously we’re very proud of the strong dividend growth that PACCAR’s had over the decades and even with the reduction in dividend we’ve had a 200% increase over the last 10 years which I think the shareholders appreciate and we’re very proud of. Reducing the dividend for any company is a difficult decision but I think we made a very prudent business decision obviously reflecting our profits which you have in front of you and we know what the dividend costs so I think it’s just a prudent business decision. As the markets improve, as our profitability improves we certainly will be talking with the board about increasing the dividend as it makes business sense. So, I think your analyst that it reflects a longer recession is very accurate. I think that’s really the main one. On margins, I think margins for the second half of the year will be comparable to what we’re seeing in the first half. The recession is still ongoing, I mean obviously newspaper pundits and the economists and politicians have an agenda but those of us in the business world have been around a long time, you can’t find very many industries that are saying, “Geeze, this recession is ending.” It’s still ongoing, there are some bright spots but it’s going to be challenging certainly through the end of this year.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Adam Uhlman – Cleveland Research Company.
Adam Uhlman – Cleveland Research Company: Just a clarification on the new truck pricing trends in North American and Europe, what would be the percent change from last year that you’re experiencing right now? Then secondly, could you talk about inventories picked up a bit since the first quarter although sales are down a bit, what is unfolding there?
Michael T. Barkley : Let’s talk about the inventory first. The inventories picked up a bit primarily due to the translation effects of the US dollar weakened a fair amount during the quarter. 
Mark C. Pigott : And on the margin it’s probably a couple of percent down across all the industry versus all of our competitors but once again we generally realize a premium in all market cycles and we’re continuing to recognize a premium in this market cycle.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Meredith Taylor – Barclays Capital.
Meredith Taylor – Barclays Capital: I’m hoping you can give us a little more color on the delinquency rate in the quarter. I know you said it went from 4.9% to 4.7%. Can we get a little color on a geography by geography basis? I’m particularly interested in Europe. Then, could you talk about the experience of these delinquencies seasoning to losses, how the loss rates may be trending on a quarter-over-quarter basis? Then, any color you have on repossession rates?
Michael T. Barkley : First, on the past dues, as we look at it on the geography, it’s really comparable in all the geographies if you look at Europe, North America and our other markets that the past due rates at the end of the first quarter were comparable across the board in all the markets. From a credit loss standpoint the trend has been relatively stable unfortunately at a higher rate than we’d like but we see that that pace of credit loss as being comparable in the third quarter as we progress. Then on repossessions, repossessions obviously drive our level of credit losses so again we expect repossessions to be at a level comparable to what we’ve seen the last couple of quarters.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Kristine Kubacki – Avondale Partners, LLC.
Kristine Kubacki – Avondale Partners, LLC: I was just wondering, I’m trying to reconcile some comments that you made in mid June that you highlighted some of the larger fleet buying some trucks later this year. Given your outlook that things are kind of flat through the second half of this year, I was wondering, has anything changed with those orders? Are we seeing cancellations pick up or are those orders being pushed off in to 2010? Then, I was also wondering if you could talk about the trend in parts and services in North America.
Mark C. Pigott : In terms of the comments we made in June, I think what we actually said is if we kind of look at that press release is that many, actually everybody in the industry who has been in the recession for three plus years has essentially worked through any excess vehicles that they had. The national fleets are recognizing that their maintenance costs are going up but they have to reconcile that with the amount of freight that they’re getting so it comes to a inflection point at some time, I don’t think we’re there yet, that these companies will say, “Geeze I need to replace these vehicles but I need to have a little firmer line of site in terms of the amount of freight that I’m going to be able to carry.” So, I said that’s the encouraging news. I don’t think major fleets are actually replacing a lot of orders. In terms of parts and service, I think we’re seeing that probably slightly dampened in line with the recession but our dealers are doing a very good job out there working with our customers trying to maintain the vehicles and we have a lot of exciting programs under way. But, it’s probably slightly dampened reflective of the recession.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jerry Revich – Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich – Goldman Sachs: Do you expect pricing discipline to improve in Europe as your competitors get closer to clearing out their inventories? And, Mark I’m wondering can you give us an update on how you are thinking about potential acquisition opportunities? Obviously, you want to be defensive with your cash but presumably there’s some opportunities out there that are probably worth looking at?
Mark C. Pigott : Pricing discipline, that we could take several days to talk about that. PACCAR is probably the pricing discipline leader and has been for decades. I think in our industry as I’m sure many other industries there’s always a number of competitors who are looking to sell at any price because that’s maybe what their vehicles are worth. So, I don’t really see that changing, I think companies have a pricing approach that they think works for them. Our pricing approach is that we deliver the best and we charge for it accordingly so I don’t see any change in that good times, not so good times. In terms of M&A opportunities, absolutely, PACCAR is in a strong position. We continue to review what’s out there but as I’ve indicated for a long time, it doesn’t have to be just confined to the commercial vehicle space. We’re leaders in logistics, we’ve got great engineering, we understand retailing, obviously manufacturing, we’re in 100 countries so that opens up many other sectors that might make some sense. But, nothing on the horizon at this time.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ann Duignan – JP Morgan.
Ann Duignan – JP Morgan: Two quick questions, one a clarification, I just want to make sure that I’m interpreting what you said in your opening comments Mark and that is that you expect to generate an operating loss in each of the two quarters in the back half of the year. A point of clarification, what tax rate should we apply, I know you don’t give us earnings guidance but given the volatility in your tax rate, what tax rate should we apply? Then, since we’re going to get cutoff if I don’t ask my second question, completely different could you give us an update on your 2010 9.2 liters and 12.9 liter engines and how those programs are evolving and where are you with shipping those engines over from DAF? Just a little bit more color on what we should anticipate going in to 2010.
Mark C. Pigott : Operating loss, I didn’t say that, I didn’t say that we were going to have an operating loss, I just said things are going to continue to be challenging. We get up every day here and say, “Hey, how can we do the best for our shareholders?” And, that’s what we’re working on. I don’t want you to jump to any conclusions, we’ll see what happens in the third and fourth quarter. 
Michael T. Barkley : The tax rate in the second quarter was obviously at lower pretax earnings levels, the impact of permanent items such as R&D credits become more significant and so the tax rate, like many other industrial companies, is at a pretty low level. Going forward we expect a more normalized rate of around 25% but that will be volatile depending on results.
Mark C. Pigott : Then finally on the engine, we’re having good success as we continue to test and evaluate the PACCAR engine throughout the US and Canada and many of our good customers are finding that the engines are performing very, very well. So, I think we’re right on target and right on line to having those be introduced next year. We will also be offering the Cummins product line and we’re proud to be Cummins’ largest customer in the world and it’s a great partnership and has been since the early 30s, so that’s 70 plus years so I think everything is in line.
Ann Duignan – JP Morgan: Will you be offering Cummins’ engines other than the 15 liter next year?
Mark C. Pigott : Absolutely, you bet. We pretty much offer the full Cummins product line around the world. It works very well.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Andrew Obin – Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Andrew Obin – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just a question on cost structure, the balance sheet gives you the ability to invest when almost no one else can in the industry but at the same time the ability to invest in the downturn sort of brings the choice not to cut the costs to sort of preserve the company for the next upturn. So, in that respect as I think about margins in this environment, can I assume that you’re ability to cut costs from now on is somewhat limited by your desire to sort of get ready for the next upturn.
Mark C. Pigott : I think it’s a great question, I think obviously it’s a balance as anybody running a company looks at it every day. We do have a very strong balance sheet as you pointed out and that our cost structure is in excellent position. We want to continue to enhance our margins and develop new products because that’s, as I said, the life blood of any company. We continue to invest, we’re investing in many new products and many new services which I think are going to be very exciting as they get launched. I think coming back to the earlier question, can we continue to reduce costs, that’s what we do every day. We try to figure out creative ways to do it that will allow us to invest, become more efficient, have new products but lower our total cost base. It’s a balance.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Andrew Casey – Wells Fargo Securities.
Andrew Casey – Wells Fargo Securities: First, on the aftermarket with volume induced new truck price compression per your statements kind of stabilizing at low levels, how should we think about the future price increases related to the emission changes coming next year? Is it incremental from current levels or would it be incremental from levels two years ago?
Mark C. Pigott : Well right now it’s going to be additional or incremental from current levels because whatever the prices were two years ago that’s not what the market is working with currently. I think as most competitors have said and we’ve certainly been one of the leaders on it, it’s going to be an $8,000 to $10,000 up charge. It’s a very expensive emission change. Technically, I’d say not as technical in complexity as some of the other ones but there’s just a lot of equipment, particularly on the exhaust side that have to be put on to the engine and put on to the chassis. So, that’s $8,000 to $10,000 and that will be something that every customer in the market place is aware of and just has to incorporate in to their business planning as to how they want to best move forward.
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Leiker – Robert W. Baird & Company. 
David Leiker – Robert W. Baird & Company:  Two questions here, just first here in the US if you looked regionally are there any differences in end market demand, some areas doing better than the other? Then secondly, as we look at margins and you made a comment that you expect second half profitability to be comparable to the first half, I’m guessing – I don’t know you’ll [inaudible] operating margin or gross margin but there’s obviously a very different margin performance in Q2 versus Q1 and I was wondering if you could give us some insight as to whether you’re closer to the Q2 performance or the Q1 performance?
Mark C. Pigott : Regional, we really don’t see much difference of course two big drivers for freight are housing construction and I would also put in as an adjunct commercial building construction and both of those are still down even with a little bit of the good news about some regions starting to increase some home building but that’s from a pretty low level. So, regionally it’s all about the same. Margins, probably closer to the second quarter than the first quarter. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Patrick Nolan – Deutsche Bank.
Patrick Nolan – Deutsche Bank: Just one follow up question, it looks like you took out 1,000 people in the second quarter versus the first quarter if I’m looking at your release. Can you just talk about when we eventually do see a recovery in demand, what’s the tipping point that you have to really start adding people back in to the production side?
Mark C. Pigott : Well, I’d love to get all of our great employees back I mean that’s what makes this company so incredible. But, we have to see a pretty good increase in our daily, weekly and monthly order input to start increasing build rate. Of course, we continue to improve efficiency as we talked about 5% to 7% every year and we’re doing that again this year which is a wonderful testament to a very creative group of employees. So, I don’t have an exact number that this is the build rate that we’ll start adding people but our intention is we’d love to get our great employees back and we want to increase our build rate. So, I’d say right now it’s probably unlikely that will happen in the second half of this year.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Basili Alukos – Morningstar. 
Basili Alukos – Morningstar: A two part question, one deals with more kind of the cash flows as I look on the cash flow statement I’m trying to figure out the increase in operating cash flows, it appears that your wholesale receivables was kind of added to cash and I’m wondering if there’s something other than just the decline in revenues that’s kind of affecting that so since revenues are down obviously then you know you won’t have as much receivables. At the same time, you had mentioned in your prepared remarks that capital expenditures were down 60%, does that decline include kind of the tailing off of the Mississippi plant or how should we look at the Mississippi plant and the increase in capital spending and that decline?
Michael T. Barkley : The improvement in cash flows from the wholesale receivables is primarily from Europe as the DAF truck inventory is coming down at a really rapid rate
Mark C. Pigott : In Mississippi, really not too much of an impact, the plant looks fantastic, it’s complete, we still need to add some machining and assembly lines but that’s really not a major contributor. I think the primary one is the reduction in DAF new truck inventory at the dealerships. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Raso – ISI Group.
David Raso – ISI Group: Two quick questions, the engine plant in Mississippi, at which industry volumes would you expect to be starting that up? I assume it’s a combination of your thoughts on Europe, North America industry volumes and your share within that? Then second, do you expect to have all of your caterpillar engine trucks or lose engines out of inventory by the end of this year and are you increasingly helping your dealers move some of the CAT power trucks out of their own inventory?
Mark C. Pigott : Well, on the Mississippi plant, as I indicated earlier, the plant building itself and the office building is complete. We’ve got employees working their every day. I’d love to get you down there some time in the future. That plant is ready in terms of doing some assembly of engines whether it’s in semi knockdown or complete knockdown format as we ship engines from Europe to North America. I think that will be the logical first step in terms of activating the plant. Then, as volumes do build up and some markets recover we will be able to increase the amount of machining and assembling that goes on in that plant so it’s a step process. In terms of Caterpillar inventory, we continue to work through that. We still have a lot of great customers that like Caterpillar so that’s an ongoing process right now.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Joel Tiss – Buckingham Research.
Joel Tiss – Buckingham Research: Everything has been answered but I just wondered if you could share with us your sense of how many overall trucks are parked or idled in North America?
Mark C. Pigott : That’s a good question, something that we obviously look at on a daily basis. I’d say the easy answer is a lot less than a year ago but I’d say it’s a very small number now. Now, as a company goes out of business that will be a momentary surge that they’ll have 50 or 100 but the operators that are running obviously they like more freight but they’re actually reporting good results. You’ve seen many of them, the publically traded transport companies, they’re making good money in a tough time. So, there’s some but it’s not a factor that weighs in to whether I should buy a new truck now. It’s something that they’re aware of it but it’s not the factor it was a year ago.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Stephen Volkmann – Jefferies & Co.
Stephen Volkmann – Jefferies & Co.: Just a couple of other ones, I’m curious about your forecast for 2010 and how you arrived at that. Do you have some data that might be interesting to share with us that would give you a sense of where you think 2010, and I’m talking about your US and Canada forecast, sort of how you put that together. Secondarily, I wonder if you can comment as to whether you’re seeing orders starting to build in the fourth quarter potentially for a few customers who want to get ahead of the price increase that you mentioned.
Mark C. Pigott : In terms of the fourth quarter with a probably over used term in this industry of pre-buy, I don’t think anybody is really seeing that at this time and certainly everybody in the industry continues to work through shutdown days or shutdown weeks and in Europe you’ve got the summer vacation schedules which are pretty normal. So, if I’m a customer I may be thinking about doing something in the fourth quarter, I don’t think it’s going to be a significant push towards a pre-buy. But, even if I’m thinking about it, here we are the end of July, we still have time. Nobody’s order board is too long so you can easily come in probably September, October time and still get a vehicle delivered in the fourth quarter. So, I don’t think we really have seen much of a ripple in terms of a pre-buy at this time. I think three months from now we’ll be that much smarter. In terms of the US and Canadian forecast, I think we’re probably at very close to the bottom in terms of US and Canadian. They were in the third year, will be in the third year recession. It’s been a long tough one but in many ways it’s been also very exciting. Everyone continues to get more creative on managing the business. The average age of the vehicles in some reports is now bumping eight years and that’s getting to be old for a vehicle. Not for our vehicles of course, but for many of our competitors. People are postponing, or reducing, or limiting the amount of maintenance they do on vehicles and these vehicles average 150,000 miles a year.  Recognize that anybody driving a car averages 12,000, so that’s 10 years worth of driving if you’re driving a truck and things do wear out. Things need to get replaced and after a while to replace an axle, a transmission, an engine or work on the cab it’s probably better to get a new vehicle and you can take advantage of the warranty. Many, many of our great customers are beyond their normal trade cycle and they have a very good business model so they’re thinking. I think next year a 10%, 15%, 20% increase coming off a very low number it would make some sense. But, if the recession worsens then we’ll have to deal with that.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mike Roarke – McAdams Wright Ragen. 
Mike Roarke – McAdams Wright Ragen: I just have a quick question on the financing portfolio, in terms of asset split, what percentage of the assets are European related and what are North America and rest of the world?
Michael T. Barkley : That split has typically been about 30% Europe, 40% to 45% US and Canada and then the rest of the world the rest.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Andrew Casey – Wells Fargo Securities.
Andrew Casey – Wells Fargo Securities: The SG&A, I’m just looking back at history, if I look at 2006, SG&A increased by less than $65 million on a doubling of sales. Is that a rough order of magnitude of performance that you could replicate whenever we see a potentially upturn?
Mark C. Pigott : So, you’re saying that’s good?
Andrew Casey – Wells Fargo Securities: That’s good yes.
Mark C. Pigott : I’m an engineer, I just wanted to make sure we were talking on the same page here. I thought it was good, I think our team thinks it is good. So, when things improve you’re asking can we keep our cost down, is that sort of the thrust here?
Andrew Casey – Wells Fargo Securities: Exactly, yes.
Mark C. Pigott :  Yes, I think PACCAR has got a great history of doing that. In our meetings and our discussions, as I say with 16,000 wonderful employees that’s certainly a topic. Things will improve, we’ve been through cycles before. Yes, this is a tough recession, we recognize that but things will improve and when they do let’s keep getting more efficient and let’s remember these challenging times and see how much of that we can maintain as we get in to a really strong market. So, I think the answer is I can’t say it’s going to be that percent or this percent but we’ll certainly remember these years for quite a while. It’s been a real lesson. As I said, this is my fourth recession but as any industry CEO will tell you, this has been the most challenging. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from JB Groh – D.A. Davidson & Co.
JB Groh – D.A. Davidson & Co.: Could you guys give the currency impacts for the quarter?
Michael T. Barkley : The currency impact for all currencies on pre-tax income was a reduction compared against last year’s quarter of about $8 million.
Operator:  Your final question comes from Ann Duignan – JP Morgan
Ann Duignan – JP Morgan: I just wanted to follow up on we don’t touch base very often on the outlook for urea and the infrastructure for urea. Can you just give us some updates on how that infrastructure build out is developing? Have there been any slowdowns because of the general economy or are you hearing any kind of challenges out there in terms of getting urea in the market place?
Mark C. Pigott : I think the urea SCR roll out is right on schedule. All of the major truck stops and third party suppliers are installing capacity whether it’s in bulk format or in truck size level format, that can be anywhere from five gallons to 50 gallons. Certainly the vast majority of the industry has designed their vehicles for SCR. In fact, I think the whole world has adopted SCR, I think there might be one company, I’m not sure but everybody in the world has adopted SCR, it is the standard worldwide. In fact, we’d love to have more global harmonization of engine standards and SCR is probably the first step that way. So, I think the customers are aware of it, they’re use to it, the dealerships are ready for it, the third party and truck stops are ready for it so it should be a pretty normal transition, pretty seamless I would think. 
Operator:  We have reached the allotted time for questions. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Robin Easton : I’d just like to thank everyone for their excellent questions and thank you operator.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen this concludes PACCAR’s earning call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Robin Easton - Treasurer Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Ronald E. Armstrong - Senior Vice President and Executive Operations Officer
Analysts: Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research J.B. Groh - D. A. Davidson & Co. Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan Henry Kirn - UBS Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners Andrew Obin - Banc of America, Merrill Lynch Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital Peter Jacobs - Ragen Mackenzie Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PACCAR's First Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded and if any one has an objection they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Robin Easton, PACCAR'S Treasurer. Mr. Eastern, please go ahead.
Robin Easton: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Robin Eastern, Treasurer of PACCAR, and joining me this morning are Mark Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ron Armstrong, Senior Vice President and Michael Barkley, Vice President, Controller. As with prior conference calls, if there are members of the media participating, we request that they participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general, economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Mark Pigott.
Mark C. Pigott: Good morning. I am pleased to report PACCAR's results for the first quarter 2009. Revenue of $2 billion and net income of 26.3 million reflect very challenging recession affecting all industries worldwide. The second quarter production rates and margins will be similar to the first quarter. The good news is that PACCAR continues to be a leader by generating profits while so many industrial and automotive companies are struggling. In addition, the company had positive operating cash flow and strengthened its excellent balance sheet with the issuance of $928 million of medium term notes during the quarter, resulting in a liquidity ratio of over 110%. PACCAR made a cash contribution of $150 million to its pension plans, which is reflected in our manufacturing debt balance. Obviously, the commercial vehicle markets are lower, as indicated by industry orders in North America and Europe. PACCAR has proactively addressed the cyclical nature of the business by reducing overhead costs and trimming combined spending on R&D and capital by 60%. We are maintaining investments in important new product updates as well as delivering productivity and efficiency gains of 5 to 7% per year in our manufacturing, distribution and engineering facilities. PACCAR products, as many of you know, are setting the quality, reliability and low cost of operations standard for the industry. Our customers appreciate the recognition that the company has earned by being honored with the JD Power Founder's Award and Leyland earning the Queen's Enterprise Award for International Trade. Reviewing the truck markets, industry estimates have been revised to 100 to 130,000 units for the U.S. and Canadian market which is the lowest since 1992. The European retail truck market is estimated to be 180 to 220,000 units comparable to 1998. Since it is spring time and many companies are looking for the green shoots of recovery, let me share a few positive economic signs. Number one, many of our customers are earning good profits as they right size their fleets and take advantage of low diesel prices and the abundance of drivers in the market. Number two, even though freight is down 15% from a year ago, there is a reasonable equilibrium between freight tonnage and industry fleet size. Number three, used truck pricing, especially for premium Kenworth, Peterbilt, and DAF trucks is stabilizing. And PACCAR financial services credit losses have decreased every quarter since last summer. PACCAR financial pre-tax income was 15.3 million in the first quarter compared to 67.3 million a year ago. A smaller portfolio, higher borrowing costs and credit losses impacted the profit results. The first quarter profits were influenced by improved credit losses in the U.S. and Canada, offset by a more challenging finance business in Europe. But I think it's important to remember, our industry has been in recession for almost two years in North America. So many of the difficult decisions and industry realignments have already occurred. Number four, our Kenworth and Peterbilt dealers are in excellent position with low new vehicle inventory, complemented by good parts and service business, driven by the highest average fleet age in the last 15 years. The increasing industry fleet age means that there's plenty of pent-up demand for new trucks when the economy recovers. DAF dealers, new vehicle inventory also continue to improve declining by 25% during the first quarter. Number five, suppliers that are exposed to the automotive industry have certainly been in the news. But 90% of our truck suppliers are focused on commercial vehicles and industrial applications. A tough market but manageable. And finally, number six, the improved pricing in commodities will be beneficial for the global industrial marketplace. It certainly will impact the extraordinary profits generated by commodity companies in the last several years. PACCAR is in excellent shape, due to the most experienced management team in the business and excellent balance sheet, market leading products and services and quality leadership throughout our operations. Our balanced approach in all phases of the business cycle, position us to generate good results when the green shoots begin to flower. I am proud of our employees' exceptional performance and thank them for their support as we continue to progress through the very difficult challenges of the global recession. Thank you, we look forward to your questions.
Unidentified Company Representative: We'll take questions operator.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Hi. Good morning. And congratulations.
Unidentified Company Speaker: Good morning, Jamie.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: My first question if I think about your R&D in the quarter at about 52 or 53 million. It was little lower than I had expected and I thought you guys were so to think about R&D on a quarterly basis relative to more comparable to the fourth quarter run rate. So I guess I just I'm trying to get a better understanding of how I should think about R&D for 2009 and if it's at a lower base where are we making the cuts? And then my follow-up question is if I look at both your inventory turns and your receivable turns, they're both down dramatically and I guess the inventory what is troubling me the most, if you could give any commentary on that and how we should think about that going-forward?
Unidentified Company Speaker: On the R&D, I think the general guideline would be the run rate would probably be similar to the first quarter.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Okay. And where are we seeing cuts relative to where we were last year in particular with an emission change coming ahead, I mean yeah?
Unidentified Company Speaker: Well, we just review all of the many projects we have companywide and determine which ones have different time factors such as the emissions sort of January 1, 2010 that's right on schedule, we're in great shape. Others that are medium and long-term projects, we review and perhaps reschedule. So, we have many, many hundreds of projects as most companies do around the world and take a look at them, one at a time and see what impact they're going to have in terms of reducing our expenses but also more importantly how do we get these great products to our customers to keep our leadership.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Is it fair to say then that the fact that you're lowering your R&D in 2009, that you are making better headway on the development of the U.S. engine for the U.S. -- 9 and 13 meter engine for 2010? Are we cutting --
Unidentified Company Speaker: I think we're right on schedule, I won't read too much into the R&D changes, in terms of the PACCAR engine coming inn next year. I think that's right on schedule, we've been working on it for quite a few years as you're aware. And it's looking good. A lot of customers are excited about it.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Great. And then if you could just follow-up on the inventory turns in the quarter?
Unidentified Company Speaker: I think we're doing a good job, and I think the production and engineering and material people are doing fantastic in terms of lowering our inventory, which is obviously reflective at lower build rates and lower incoming orders. So I think inventories, we're making good progress and receivables also good progress.
Unidentified Company Speaker: Yeah, year end receivables are influenced by the amount of holiday shutdown days at year end. So that's just a consistent annual impact.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: And then last, how should we think about production in the second quarter relative to the first quarter?
Unidentified Company Speaker: I think as I mentioned Jamie, its going to be comparable.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Okay.
Unidentified Company Speaker: Good questions.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Unidentified Company Speaker: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Casey with Wachovia.
Unidentified Company Speaker: Good morning Andy.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets: Good morning, Mark. Good morning, everybody. With the industry sales revision to your forecast to levels that we haven't seen for better part of ten years or more, are you seeing any loss of competitive pricing discipline in either of the two major markets you serve?
Unidentified Company Speaker: Well the first point is because we've been in this business a long time, a lot of us have seen it. We were here in 92. So I think that's a real advantage of PACCAR's very experienced management team. When things are reacting to a market that's in a recession and it's a tough market around the world, pricing is under pressure for all competitors and certainly we're no exception to that.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you. And then, if could revisit the inventory question that Jamie was asking and look at the first quarter level relative to sales, sales were down kind of mid double-digits, inventory was down year-over-year about 15% or so. If I'm trying to understand a little bit better than moving pieces in there. Was there any reduction year-over-year due to currency?
Unidentified Company Speaker: There was a bit of a reduction of currency. Most of it was reduction in real terms.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay.
Unidentified Company Speaker: And we need a certain baseline of inventory just to operate the business and certainly we are continuing to bring down the inventory at all our production facilities and I think the team is very focused on that and its been certainly one of the hallmarks of PACCAR's proactive business approaches to reduce that inventory when times are more challenging.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks on that. And then lastly, in terms of input costs, pretty clearly some of the commodity prices have come under pressure. Have you seen any of that, well I guess did you see any of that in Q1, or is that still to benefit you in the future potentially?
Unidentified Company Speaker: That's a great, great question. I know there's probably a number of different answers that depending on what your company does you can get to. I think in terms of the industrial world and the people who make things these last few years have been as I say extraordinary in terms of how high the commodity prices have got unrealistic. So when you say they're under pressure, the way most companies look at it, is that there still other ways to go to get back to a normalized range and certainly, we're having some benefit but you know we have a lot of our agreements with suppliers, they are long term agreements and that's beneficial for us and our suppliers. Steel, aluminum, obviously oil products are all coming down and -- but I think -- I think if you ask most people who are making something, they say they still have ways to go, and that's kind of what we're looking at.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets: Sure. Thank you very much.
Unidentified Company Speaker: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Tiss with Buckingham Research.
Mark Pigott: Good morning, Joel.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research: How is it going?
Mark Pigott: Good.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research: That's good. First, I have a clarification. What's the typical lag time between when green shoots first show up and when they turn into flowers?
Mark Pigott: Well, depends. If you still got snow in your garden, it could be a while or get a little sunshine out here.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research: That's good. I just wonder if you could talk a little bit about the performance of the aftermarket business and any idea of -- all the parked trucks, will we see that aftermarket business start to pickup before the OEM business starts to pickup?
Mark Pigott: Well, that's certainly has been the normal flow in terms of the business aftermarket is a pretty steady performer and we're still seeing good performance. The aftermark, we've got 1.5 million vehicles running that have a Kenworth, Peterbilt or DAF named on it. So that's positive. Many of our customers are really working through any part vehicles they might have and we know it's a tough recession out there and people are postponing purchases they might normally make which is usually a good benefit for the parts and service business. I think in North America as I mentioned we've been in a recession for two years. So the customers and the dealers are in good shape. In Europe, the recession came on much more suddenly really starting last September-October time. So I think they're just now coming in to grips with it and many companies, not just our industry, in Europe are very cash sensitive. So they're probably postponing some of the normal maintenance. But I think that will return over the next medium term, parts business, generally, pretty steady.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research: Okay. And just to keep it brief, I'll try to glue two questions together here. Do you think that the overall price increase announcements are going to stick as we go into 2009? And then also do you have pre-buy built into your 2009 industry forecast in North America? Thank you.
Mark Pigott: Yeah. Well I can't really comment on any of our competitors in terms of their pricing. But when we'll go into 2010, there will be a price increase and I think we talk about it externally, we are just at the ATD meeting with all the truck dealers. Anywhere from 8 to $10,000 is certainly a range that everybody is aware of. There's certainly no secret about that. In terms of a pre-buy, it's possible. I think typically we have some element of a pre-buy. But we usually don't have a global recession that we're working our way through. So that, that has a bit of a dampening effect. So let's talk in the second or third quarter, it'll be that much more smart.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research: Thank you.
Mark Pigott: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of J.B. Groh with D.A. Davidson.
Unidentified Company Speaker: Good morning, J.B.
J.B. Groh - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Good morning guys. Just a couple of quickies. I was wondering if you could address sort of, what you see as a quality of the financial services portfolio now versus how it would be in prior downturns?
Unidentified Company Speaker: I think -- I think the portfolio quality is excellent. We made conscious efforts to raise that quality as we came out of our last recession. We adjusted our underwriting standards and we adhere to those very strictly. So I think we're confident how the portfolio will perform during this downturn.
J.B. Groh - D. A. Davidson & Co.: And part of that maybe just a little bit shift in the customer base or is that the stayed relatively constant? I know you guys have made an effort to do more fleet type stuff?
Unidentified Company Speaker: Yeah, a little bit in that regard but -- just looking at all of our categories and making sure that we're comfortable with the quality of all categories of our credits.
J.B. Groh - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. And then sort of a philosophical question, I hear this statistic about fleet age a lot and my impression is that while the fleet age is pretty old, a lot of these trucks have kind have been I guess you could say under utilized. Does that mean the best way to measure, is there a better way to think of it, I mean I kind of liking it to buying a catalog from a grandmother, that's eight years old but it's got two years worth of miles on it, sort of the same thing going on in the used truck market?
Unidentified Company Speaker: Well, that goes back to an earlier question, you probably want to change out some of that upholstery and get old snap (ph) here if you're going to drive it.
J.B. Groh - D. A. Davidson & Co.: I like weather, yeah.
Unidentified Company Speaker: Yeah I mean it has an impact. But as I say, you can certainly track the number of fleets when we say fleets that might be a company that has five or more trucks that have gone out of business and that information is readily available on a monthly basis. And we're actually in better shape for this recession than we were in 2001-2002 and there have been fewer fleets to go out of business, but still a good number. Even the freight's down, you've got the vast majority of customers are out running, or getting freight. The fuel cost is down. There's plenty of drivers, a very little turnover. They're probably getting some pretty good pricing on new trucks, if they are purchasing new trucks. So the customers have -- really using most of their vehicles now and they're doing okay. I mean I know they like to do better but they're -- you can see the profits that they're delivering and lot of that reasonable quarters considering a global recession going on.
J.B. Groh - D. A. Davidson & Co.: So, I don't want to put words in your mouth. But -- I think what I'm hearing you say is that when there is some sort of upturn, it would be a fairly a quick snap because of the average age of the trucks?
Unidentified Company Speaker: Well certainly that sentiment has been discussed I think more in the press and maybe in the analyst comments. I think for the industry we always like a gradual but steady improvement because quick reactions either up or down are always a little more challenging. But there are lot of factors that are indicating when the economy improves and that's a difficult one to predict that we're a leading indicator, we should see some good demand. So I think we might be saying the same thing.
J.B. Groh - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. Great, thanks a lot for your time.
Unidentified Company Speaker: You bet. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question that comes from the line of Ann Duignan with J.P. Morgan.
Unidentified Company Speaker: Good morning, Ann.
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: Hi, good morning guys, how are you doing?
Unidentified Company Speaker: Good.
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: I suppose my first question starts out with you commented in your press release that you're currently up 17,000 employees. You had 18,000 at the end of last quarter which is only a reduction of 1,000 and at the end of '07 you had 22,000. So we're looking at headcount reductions of about 23% versus revenues down year-over-year 52%. Mark, how comfortable are you that you really have right sized the business efficiently for the kinds of volumes you're seeing out there. I mean it kind ties into the inventory question I guess?
Mark Pigott: No, I'm not sure I'd equate people with inventory. So we'll put that one on the side. We're very confident. Many companies value who (ph) the number of layoffs, I'm not sure what the benefit is for either the company or the employees. Our employees make this company a great company and if we do have to let somebody go, it's a very sad process, and but we do make those difficult decisions. We've got a couple of factories as you know that are essentially closed, they're not making any product and we've down sized many of our facilities to let's call it, equate to the current market demands. So PACCAR has always been a leader on reducing cost. And I guess I would just say let's see who's making any money nowadays, and you certainly have access to the world tables as well as we do in terms of the automotive industrial sectors. So our employees are very important to us, and they're doing a great job, and we're still making money.
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: And you think that current headcount is appropriate, particularly I guess I am thinking about in Europe and how it can take reducing headcount in your --
Unidentified Company Speaker: I'm not sure what the question is really asking here?
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: Well I'm just curious if you think you've taken sufficient headcounts out of Europe given the significant deep time (ph) that you've seen over there. And just giving how long it takes to take headcounts out in Europe?
Unidentified Company Speaker: Well, I lived in Europe for many, many years. I probably know Europe as well as anybody. And the team there is doing a fantastic job working with political leaders in different countries and being part of the industrial federations and associations and everybody is taking the appropriate actions. So, I would just say that we're in excellent shape and not sure what other companies are saying but our employees make this company a great one. We welcome you out here and we can share that with you in person.
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: Okay and switching subject a little bit. Your leverage in the financial services side has increased and asset equities are about 7.1 times at the end of the quarter. Can you explain what's going on there?
Ronald Armstrong: I'm not sure what exactly measure that it's looking at. But it just has to do with the level of our assets and our funding levels. I'm not sure. Little more color on that question please?
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: Well, has there been any delays in paying off commercial paper borrowing from the Fed. I'm just curious why your leverage would increase in this environment?
Unidentified Company Speaker: We've had good access to the credit markets and we continue to fund with the balance of short term and medium term funding. As Mark said we got 900 million of medium term notes issued in the first quarter. So our funding position is quite good.
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: Okay. I'll get back in queue.
Unidentified Company Speaker: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Henry Kirn with UBS.
Henry Kirn - UBS: Hey good morning guys.
Mark Pigott: Good morning Henry.
Henry Kirn - UBS: Question about the finance portfolio. Is it possible to talk a little bit about how the delinquencies are trending in Europe and North America, especially given the higher repossessions in Europe?
Ronald Armstrong: I think that the delinquencies in North America are pretty steady. In Europe, they are trending upward and that we're seeing some trend upward in Mexico.
Henry Kirn - UBS: Okay. And you mentioned that used prices had stabilized in North America. Is it possible to give a little color around where they are today versus where they might have been a year ago and maybe a little color around what might be a receptive market or who is buying the used trucks at this point?
Ronald Armstrong: Yeah, I think used prices from a year ago are probably down 10%-15%. The great news as Mark said is that the Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF quality products continue to demand a premium relative to the competition. So that's a big plus for us.
Mark Pigott: And for our dealers.
Ronald Armstrong: And for our customers
Henry Kirn - UBS: Okay. And if I can squeeze one more in?
Ronald Armstrong: Please do.
Henry Kirn - UBS: Could you talk a little about how many of the 2010 units are already in the field and maybe the customer response to your engine so far?
Mark Pigott: Well, it's a good question, sort of a two parter. The response to the engine has been excellent. And I think number of the analysts need to recognize that this is an engine that has been running in Europe and we've been building engines for 50 years. That's 50. And have won sort of awards including I was pleased to see that we have just won the Asian Bus-Engine of The Year for the third year in a row with the PACCAR engines. So that could be good over time. And so the engine is doing very well. In terms of the number of units, I think comparables of many of our competitors as the number out running being tested, being evaluated and that's all seem to be making very good progress and right on schedule.
Henry Kirn - UBS: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Mark Pigott: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research.
Ronald Armstrong: Good morning Adam.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Hi, good morning. I guess just a clarification Mark. Will PACCAR be bringing over both the 9 and 13 liter diesels from Europe or you keep saying engines. I'm wondering if it's only the 13 liter diesel now.
Mark Pigott: The 13 liter is certainly the primary focus. I'm probably saying engines because I'm so proud of the whole team.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Okay, great. Thanks.
Mark Pigott: Thank you.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Another clarification. In the release it was called out there was an expense of $22 million-$23 million from hedges. Could you talk about what exactly that was and how should we think about that expense going forward?
Ronald Armstrong: We called that out. We have certain economic hedges in Europe with respect to currencies and we have some hedges in finance companies with respect to interest rate swaps that have some change in value during the quarter that were significant enough that we wanted to call attention to it. But it should be viewed as more of a one-off deal.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. Got it. Thanks. That's helpful. And then the profitability within the truck operations was pretty strong in the quarter, considering that sales were off so much. Obviously you did a good job in picking down R&D expense and SG&A. But can you talk about one, whether any one-time items that helped margin in the quarter that would not be repeated. And then also could you talk about maybe just directionally were you profitable in the truck operations in Europe, were you profitable in truck ops in North America?
Mark Pigott: Well, we typically don't break that out as you know. It's always a good question and certainly that something that we track religiously. As far as one-off impacts in the first quarter to positively benefit margins, I think it was pretty much normal business. We certainly would like to have been building more trucks around the world but that's just the nature of the business we're in right now.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Okay, great. Thanks.
Mark Pigott: Thank you.
Operator: : Your next question comes from the line of Kristine Kubacki with Avondale Partners.
Mark Pigott: Good morning Kristine.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: Good morning. I just have one question on... to drill down a little bit more on the repossessions in Europe. Can you give us a little color on the geography? Was it Central Europe, Western Europe, and what size the fleets were? Were they full fleets, larger fleets?
Ronald Armstrong: Well I think mostly the small and medium sized operators and I would say the higher percentage was in the Southern markets. That's been the most challenged and so that's been the trend that we've seen.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: Smaller and mid fleets under 100 trucks or so?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: Any guidance on the trends for Europe? Do you see it stabilizing or getting worse as we move through the year?
Ronald Armstrong: We have a good portfolio. We'll continue to manage and work with our customers to find a way to from them to pay their bills, continuing business and us to get paid at the end of the contract.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: Okay. Thank you very much.
Ronald Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Andrew Obin with Banc of America, Merrill Lynch.
Mark Pigott: Good morning Andrew.
Andrew Obin - Banc of America, Merrill Lynch: Good morning. Great quarter given the environment.
Mark Pigott: We appreciate it. Thank you very much. We got a great team.
Andrew Obin - Banc of America, Merrill Lynch: Just a question on used equipment values. Could you comment what you're seeing in terms of the trends in North America and Europe and given a sudden sort of collapse in production in Europe and sort of drop in demand for used trucks in Eastern Europe, are you seeing something unusual going on in Western Europe in terms of used equipment values vis-à-vis North America?
Mark Pigott: Okay. So, North America used equipment, we kind of talked about that, mentioned that in the press release. It's stabilizing and so that's healthy. Europe as you indicated has certainly seen a much faster decline. I don't think its any steeper. Well, its steeper because it's been a shorter duration, but used trucks probably are still declining in value there as people work through a recession. And Europe is really I think six or seven months old versus two years old in North America that over time will stabilize. And once again as Ron has mentioned in Europe the DAF trucks are the premium quality leaders, the resale leader and that's all very healthy once again for our customers and for our dealers.
Andrew Obin - Banc of America, Merrill Lynch: Well I guess what I was wondering what kind of order magnitude declines we're seeing in Europe and are they in line with your expectations and what does it mean for in a sort of residual value risk in your portfolio going to the second half of the year?
Ronald Armstrong: Well we've been through cycles before. We always establish our residual values on a conservative long-term approach. And so, we continue to monitor that and we make adjustments every quarter if there are challenges with our residual values. So we continue to monitor that very closely.
Mark Pigott: Adding a little bit to Ron's comments. PACCAR, 104 years, always conservative and so on the residual value, which effects the leasing and finance business, we've always had a conservative approach and after the last recession, we even made it more conservative. Quite a few of our competitors used that as a sales tool and they all give unrealistic residuals and I'm sure they are being impacted. But we try to approach it on a very conservative basis because the market is cyclical and you have got a couple of good years and you got a couple of tough years and that's the business we are in.
Andrew Obin - Banc of America, Merrill Lynch: I appreciate it, Thank you very much
Mark Pigott: Thank you
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meredith Taylor with Barclays Capital.
Mark Pigott: Good morning, Meredith.
Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital: Hi good morning. I'd like to fill a question on PACCAR finance. First in the U.S., there seems to be an expectation among fleets that given the current pricing pressures, there is another wave of bankruptcy that's likely to come. So can you address how you might be thinking about your provision for losses in the context to that perspective.
Ronald Armstrong: Well we monitor our portfolio and adjust our reserves and provisions every quarter based on what we expect... how we expect our portfolio to perform and we continue to make those adjustments each quarter as we move through the year.
Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital: Well and I guess the question would be is your expectations that you are going to see an increase in bankruptcies as we move through the back half of the year. I mean, I realized that you talked about the relative health of the fleets in the context the current environment. But how you're expecting that to trend as we move through the year?
Mark Pigott: As I mentioned earlier that we saw probably about a third more bankruptcies in the 2001-2002 recession which was people that didn't have the global context, but certainly had a very negative impact on North America. So we're encouraged that way. A lot of people that were impacted by 2001-2002 have not reentered the business because they realized it's a tough business. Many of our customers are doing reasonably well. In any year, good years or tough years, there is always some companies are going out of business whether they've lost a major customer or lost a contract or didn't manage their business well. That tends to strengthen the survivors and I think this year will be no different than any previous years. So I don't know about a next wave probably typically the people that are doing well might hope for a next wave and get more fleet business but certainly we haven't heard that.
Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital: Okay. That's helpful perspective. And then I'm wondering if you can talk about your production levels in Europe compared with yourself during the quarter. We certainly have talked somewhat about the inventory issues but I'm just wondering if the rise in inventory days might have been a function of you producing ahead of an anticipated pickup in your sell-through to dealers as in Europe they work through excess inventory?
Mark Pigott: That's a great question. Of course we built two orders, so we don't ever build ahead or build to stock or build to some projected demand. We build if we have an order; someone orders the truck we'll build it for them. And that's a very healthy business approach which is certainly put back or in good stand for as I say over a hundred years. With the sudden slowdown of the general economy in Europe, number of our dealers had more inventory as customers cancelled their orders. And they are working through that. In fact I mentioned in my opening comments that inventory is down 25% which is healthy. And I think it's just like any business, you can put the dealers on a normal curve, most of them are doing okay, some are doing well and others are certainly struggling and the build rate that we have in any of our factories reflects the incoming order rates. So that's adjusted on a very real time basis. So Europe is probably a year behind U.S. and Canada in terms of where they are on the recessionary cycle, if you graph it or plot it and that's the way that the recession have rolled out around the world.
Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then one last follow-up from me and then I'll pass it along. Can you talk about your inventory of CAT engine at this point?
Mark Pigott: That continues to decline and we've got some good customers that love the CAT engine and keep working with them and that business as usual.
Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital: But any specifics in terms of how much it might be down quarter-over-quarter or year-over-year?
Mark Pigott: No, just a general steady decline as we anticipated.
Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks very much.
Mark Pigott: Thank you. Good questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Jacobs with Ragen Mackenzie.
Mark Pigott: Good morning Peter.
Peter Jacobs - Ragen Mackenzie: Good morning Mark. Good morning gentlemen. Mark, could you update us on the loss reserves in the financing business and I believe at the end of the fourth quarter and I don't know if you gave this number on the conference call, or its just from my discussions with Rob and I deduced (ph) this from the 10-K. I don't have my notes in front of me. But I'm showing that the loss reserves are about 2.1% of assets at the end of the fourth quarter and losses are running at about 1.2 assets. Can you give us a sense of, if those loss reserves are building or are you comfortable with where they are now and I'm not even sure if I am reciting the right numbers?
Mark Pigott: Yes, as we mentioned earlier, we did take a look at those every quarter. The loss reserve in terms of absolute dollars was down slightly, but the percentage was up in the quarter from 2.1% to roughly 2.3% at the end of the quarter.
Peter Jacobs - Ragen Mackenzie: Okay, great. And I'm going to just obviously deduce that the loss reserves for the European portfolio build...
Mark Pigott: No, let me take a look at each one and adjust each of your geography accordingly.
Peter Jacobs - Ragen Mackenzie: Do you think you are comfortable that where you are in North America if the credit losses have stabilized with that could try to deduce that the loss reserves then for the North American portfolio are not building anymore as a percentage of assets?
Mark Pigott: I said we review accordingly and we maintain them. We're a very conservative approach to our reserves and we'll continue to maintain that position.
Peter Jacobs - Ragen Mackenzie: Okay, terrific. Thanks. That's all I have.
Mark Pigott: Good. Thank you.
Peter Jacobs - Ragen Mackenzie: Good quarter. Thank you.
Mark Pigott: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes is from the line of Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Unidentified Company Speaker: Good morning Jerry.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: Good morning. Congratulations on the strong cost control. Its really lot better than your Europeans peers.
Mark Pigott: Thank you very much. We appreciate it. New job and new company.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: I'm wondering Mark we can start the discussion on the European business where we've seen pretty weak order numbers from your competitors in the quarter with book-to-bill below 0.5. Are still seeing some more order trends in your business?
Mark Pigott: Yeah in Europe it's... we're at the first half of a very difficult recession and that's when the adjustments are most dramatic and certainly I think orders across the board for the whole industry are down. We're maintaining our market share at 14.5% in Europe which I think the team is doing a good job and obviously balancing that with margins. So just off but to say it's about a year behind the U.S. and Canadian in terms of plotting them on the recessionary cycle, if you will.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: Yes. And Mark, what kind of order pick up would the industry need to see to get through your guidance for the year relative to the first quarter orders?
Mark Pigott: Well the first quarter -- you're talking about Europe or North America?
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: Europe, just Europe.
Mark Pigott: There have to be some pick up or increase in market share, which you have sort of two different elements working there. And as we've stated many times as we progress through and each quarter moves on, we continue to evaluate what the size of that market is. But I think most of the competitors probably are around the low end of our range, if you want to put it that way. And so I think we're in the ballpark.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And Mark in the annual report you highlighted lack of competitor pricing discipline. I'm wondering if you're seeing more disciplined action in the market now that hopefully inventory levels are bit lower. But I'm wondering if you could provide an update there?
Mark Pigott: Well, I compliment you on reading the annual report. We always have some good looking pictures in there. And every company has their own approach to the marketplace. Certainly the one that we've taken for 104 years has been the quality leader and conservative business practice, served us well. And others have taken approach that cheaper is better and they certainly don't generate the return to shareholders and to their employees. So it's a difficult recessionary world out there and I think every company is trying to do whatever they think works best for them.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And on the financial services business, Ron, I'm wondering if you could share with us the delinquency rate at the end of the quarter?
Ronald Armstrong: As we said that Europe and Mexico has trended upward, up from where we were at the year end in the U.S. and Canada is roughly equal to where at the end of last year.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: So at the end last year for a consolidated basis, you were at 3.3 %. So if we assume that's roughly 3.5 % at the end of the quarter, that's not going to be too far?
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. It's upward from there.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you very much.
Mark Pigott: Thank you. Good questions.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Patrick Noven (ph) with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Pigott: Good morning Patrick
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. Most of my questions have been answered, but I have just two quick questions.
Mark Pigott: Sure
Unidentified Analyst: First on the financial services business. There is a lot of moving parts, if you look at this business versus the previous downturn. Can you give us an idea where you actually see your receivables balance actually bottoming in this down turn -- it would just help us, we can all make our assumptions for provisioning as a percentage of receivables but just where do you see that balance actually bottoming out through this? And then my other question is, just on you did a very good job of really dialing back CapEx in the quarter. Where do you see that actually coming out for -- on a year basis now?
Unidentified Company Speaker: Okay. On CapEx?
Mark Pigott: No, I'll take that CapEx. Our previous estimate was 150 to $200 million. So it's likely to be at the lower end of that range for the full year.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you.
Unidentified Company Speaker: And on the financial services question, I mean it's obviously a function of the level of truck sales that occur in any given market we expect as long as truck sales are at this level that we'll continue to see some reduction in the portfolio balances. But we expect, we're there to support the sale of trucks and if truck sales improve, we'll see return to higher new business volumes in our finance operations.
Unidentified Analyst: So you wouldn't anticipate the receivables falling much below like 6 -- 6.5 billion, right?
Unidentified Company Speaker: I don't see that in the short term for sure.
Unidentified Analyst: Alright, okay.
Unidentified Company Speaker: Good question.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Andy Casey with Wachovia.
Unidentified Company Speaker: Good morning.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets: Hello again. If I could go back to the commentary on the similar production in Q2 versus Q1, if the markets really don't show any demand improvement. Do you expect Q3 to be similar to Q2 or is there any consideration of some summer shutdowns?
Unidentified Company Speaker: Well, even in normal times we probably could give you a little bit of color on Q3. But obviously with the lower market, the -- we're really dealing in a little shorter timeframe probably weeks instead of months. So it's a little hard to assess what's going to happen in Q3. And something we haven't talked about for any the questions is that there's the over arching economic stimulus packages that are being unveiled around the world by different countries and some of them are taking different approaches. I'm not sure what effect that's going to have. Hopefully it'll be positive, whether its infrastructure or construction projects or just general pickup in the economy and it's a little hard to tell. I think probably it'll have more impact next year than it will this year but it could have some impact in the second half of this year. So we'll continue to monitor that.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. And then just on tax rate, it was by my calculations slightly above 28 in Q1. Is that about what you expect now for the year?
Unidentified Company Speaker: Yeah, the first quarter rate is pretty good indicator at this point given our mix of earnings in the company.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much.
Unidentified Company Speaker: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Ann Duignan with J. P. Morgan.
Unidentified Company Speaker: Good morning again, Ann.
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: Hi guys. Could you just clarify, was pricing a net headwind or a net tailwind in the quarter?
Unidentified Company Speaker: Yeah, you ask the best question, I'm not sure I understand; someone help me out on that one.
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: Well, I thought if I asked you was pricing a net positive or a negative you might not answer it so --
Unidentified Company Speaker: You ask great questions. I think to be fair, obviously in a recession, generally pricing is coming down for everybody. I think it's the buyer's market. I'm sure it's true in your own industry. So we're certainly in a buyer's market and the good thing is we've have got very smart motivated customers, and we love them and they're taking advantage of the economic cycle we're in right now. So pricing has probably come down reflecting very few orders and a tough environmental and economic cycle. So, however, that fits into your incredible question, I hope that answers it.
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: It doesn't answer it. It's close to it I would interpret it as a net negative?
Unidentified Company Speaker: Probably as a fair assessment.
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: Okay and then a second follow-up, unless if I'm more philosophical, I mean, what we've seen in Europe the last couple of months have been, as you said, you've seen cycles before I don't think we've ever seen Europe sort (ph) of fall so quickly in any downturn, and the notion that I'm kind of wrestling with is the good news, the bad news is that it means that this year is a disaster but then perhaps we stabilize at towards the end of the year and next year is -- a more stable environment in Europe maybe not another step function down (ph). How are you guys thinking about that, just as you talk internally and you look out a little bit longer term?
Unidentified Company Speaker: Because every year it's got opportunities. So we always look at it in a positive framework. And yes, there are challenges but that's what makes us stronger. This year will be down and as they say it's certainly at a ten, perhaps 15 year low, and that's the cards we've been dealt. So that's when we're going to work with. Yes, the European recession cycle follows what we've seen in North America, next year could see some improvement. I can't tell you exactly when that's going to happen but we take the appropriate steps in terms of reducing our expenses and projects we're funding and our approach to the business, always keeping in mind it's all about great people. And that's just going to make you do well in a good market or a bad market. So, yeah, it's going to be a challenging year this year for every industry and Europe has truly gone down faster than everybody thought it would or could. But I'm encouraged. I find that some people are really stepping up and being real leaders and that's what makes a company exciting.
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: Okay. I appreciate those. I'll take my other questions offline.
Unidentified Company Speaker: Thank you. Good questions, great questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies.
Unidentified Company Speaker: Good morning, Steve.
Operator: Steve your line's open. Please go ahead. Okay we'll move on to the next. The next question is from the line of Peter Baits with Deero Price (ph).
Unidentified Company Speaker: Good morning, Peter.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning guys. Thanks for the time.
Unidentified Company Speaker: You're welcome..
Unidentified Analyst: Couple of quick data of questions. What were finance receivables at PACCAR Financial at March 31?
Unidentified Company Speaker: Finance receivables. I think of the 9 billion roughly, 8 billion
Unidentified Company Speaker: Roughly the change on the cash flow statement there wasn't anything?
Unidentified Analyst: Yeah, there's a little bit of currency impact in addition to what was the change in the cash flow.
Unidentified Company Speaker: Okay. So fell like 300 million or so
Unidentified Analyst: Why don't we get back to you on that one?
Unidentified Company Speaker: Yeah.
Unidentified Analyst: That'll probably better one to take offline. We'll give you the -- a little more specific information.
Unidentified Company Speaker: And then what was finance debt, at PACCAR Financial?
Unidentified Analyst: Okay let's do that one
Unidentified Company Speaker: Offline.
Unidentified Analyst: Offline.
Unidentified Analyst: And then what were parts and service sales in the quarter?
Unidentified Company Speaker: We don't break that out. Can take that when offline.
Unidentified Analyst: Were they up year-over-year?
Unidentified Company Speaker: We don't break it up. I think we indicated steady.
Unidentified Analyst: Steady. And do you guys have a medium duty volume forecast for North America and Europe. And I guess with medium duty I would be focused on equivalent 6 and 7?
Unidentified Company Speaker: Yes, we do. Year bet.
Unidentified Company Speaker: Yeah its 50,000 units for the year.
Unidentified Company Speaker: 50,000 units for the year, and is that North America or?
Unidentified Analyst: Sorry 50,000 for North America, correct.
Unidentified Company Speaker: Europe is also is about 50,000.
Unidentified Analyst: Alright, I appreciate it guys. Thanks.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Unidentified Analyst: Alright.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David Campbell with Powell Creek (ph).
Unidentified Company Speaker: Good morning, David.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, Powell Creek. I just wanted to ask because I don't know if anyone else did directly. Could you please provide us with the specific delinquencies as a percent of finance assets again in Q1?
Unidentified Company Speaker: Well, we -- as we said the trend on the delinquencies is up relative to fourth quarter. And that'll be we'll have that disclosure in our 10-Q when we publish that.
Unidentified Analyst: Is there any reason not to give it to us now, we're obviously very curious?
Unidentified Company Speaker: Well, again, the percentage is going to be 4.9. I think 4.9% at March 31, relative versus 3.3% with that increase being in Europe and Mexico.
Unidentified Analyst: Alright. Thank you.
Operator: There are no other questions in queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you very much operator. Now no further questions. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-30 12:00:00) =====
Executives:  Robin Easton - Treasurer Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and CEO Ronald E. Armstrong - Sr. VP and Executive Operations Officer Michael T. Barkley - VP, Controller
Analysts: Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company Henry Kirn - UBS Andrew Obin - BAS-ML Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners  Declan Carlin - BlueBay Asset Management [David Rosso] - ISI [Vicus Tannen] - BTIG Peter Nesvold - Lazard [Daniel Johansen] - NBIM
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to PACCAR's fourth quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to introduce Robin Easton, PACCAR's Treasurer. Mr. Easton, please go ahead.
Robin Easton:  Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Robin Easton, Treasurer of PACCAR, and joining me this morning are Mark Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Ron Armstrong, Senior Vice President, and Michael Barkley, Vice President, Controller. As with prior conference calls, if there are members of the media participating, we request that they participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Mark Pigott.
Mark C. Pigott:  Good morning. PACCAR earned it's fourth highest annual net income in its 103year history in 2008 and has delivered a remarkable 70 consecutive years of net profit to its shareholders. PACCAR's financial results reflect the benefits of the company's quality products and services, geographic diversification, excellent aftermarket revenues and financial services income. I'm very proud of our 18,000 employees, who have delivered exceptional performance to our shareholders and customers, especially in today's very difficult business conditions.  PACCAR's excellent balance sheet and strong cash flow have enabled ongoing investments in capital projects such as diesel engines, new vehicles and factory productivity improvements. These projects position the company to achieve its long-term growth objectives. However, as we all know, the severe recession is affecting our business in North America and Europe. Our fourth quarter 2008 financial results were negatively impacted by reduced gross margins, lower build rates and temporary plant shutdowns. These challenges are increasing in the first quarter of 2009, but just as with previous cycles, PACCAR is rigorously reducing operating expenses and capital expenditures to align the business with the slower markets.  When we compare the fourth quarter 2008 to the first quarter 2009, we expect build rate reductions of 40% in Europe, coupled with 10% lower truck production in the U.S. and Canada. At this time it appears that 2009 will be very similar to 2001 in terms of business conditions. It will be a challenging year for all industries. The good news - and there is plenty of good news - is that PACCAR's revenue is 2.5 times higher today than it was in 2001. A population of Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF trucks is 40% larger. We have 150 more dealer locations. PACCAR Parts sales have doubled, and PACCAR Financial has twice as many assets. Our manufacturing facilities are 100% more efficient than five years ago and product quality is 500% better than five years ago. A number of PACCAR divisions are performing very well - PACCAR Financial, PACCAR Parts, PacLease, and our Winch group. And finally, we have essentially the same experienced management team in place today as we did in 2001.  PACCAR's fourth quarter sales and financial services revenue were $2.9 billion. Net income was $113 million. For the year, net sales and financial services revenues were $15 billion, with net income of $1.02 billion and earnings per share of $2.78.  PACCAR Financial Services revenues of $292 million in the fourth quarter compared to $327 million a year ago.  Pre-tax income was $45.4 million in the fourth quarter compared to $76.2 million earned a year ago. Most of the decline is due to the higher provision for loan losses.  One more piece of good news - loan losses actually decreased in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter, primarily due to fewer repossessions in the U.S. and Canada. Used truck values are about 10% lower than three months ago, but may be close to the bottom. PACCAR's strong balance sheet and conservative approach to business has enabled it to navigate the financial turbulence caused by the global credit crisis. PACCAR's AA- credit rating promotes good access to the capital markets. Like other highly rated U.S. companies, PACCAR utilizes the Fed's commercial paper funding facility to complement our commercial paper and term debt programs. In addition, PACCAR has substantial manufacturing cash to supplement short-term financial services funding requirements. Reviewing the general market and our customers, the reduction in many commodity prices should be a benefit to PACCAR and all manufacturers in 2009. However, commodity prices still need to decline another 20% to 40% to equal the cost levels of 2004.  Other good news is that the $2.40 per gallon decline in the price of diesel fuel since last July is benefiting our customers. In fact, most of our customers continue to be profitable and a few have increased their profits quarter to quarter. In summary, PACCAR's investment of $3.5 billion in the last decade to enhance its operating efficiency, develop new products, strengthen its dealer network and become an industry information technology leader has generated excellent results for our shareholders, employees, customers, dealers and suppliers.  PACCAR recognizes the very difficult challenges facing our industry worldwide. Our balanced approach in all phases of the business cycle position us to generate good results when the global economy recovers. Thank you and I look forward to your questions.
Robin Easton: Operator, we'd be happy to take questions now.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC:  First, on the capital investment guidance, if I take the midpoint, $175 million, how should we view the implied 62% reduction from '08? Is it really that you've come to the end of your expansion cycle for now or is it more that you're being prudent in the event that what we're in lasts a little bit longer?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, Andy, I think we're always prudent. We pride ourselves on being conservative, as you well know.  We have had a lot of excellent investments with terrific ROIs throughout the company and capital investments for any industry have a bit of a cycle. I think we're just sort of at the end of one cycle, and I'm sure in the future we'll be investing larger amounts for different products. But our factories are in great shape, our vehicles are in great shape, systems are in great shape, and now we're going to enjoy the benefits of all those investments.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: Then on the startup cadence of the new engine plant in the U.S., the implied pushout which has kind of been in the press for awhile, is that mainly a reflection of lower assumed volume and you want to maximize existing capacity utilization before bringing new capacity online or is there another reason you'd like to offer?
Mark C. Pigott: No, I think we obviously have capacity in Europe with the slowdown there. We're going to utilize that. What sometimes doesn't make the headlines is that we essentially have a new engine factory in Europe that was built about four years ago, state of the art, and so we'll manufacture there. The buildings in Mississippi are essentially complete, and it is a first class facility that, when the market recovers, we look forward to utilizing.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: Then a few on the near term. We're pretty much in the teeth of what we're in. Can you talk about the European used truck pricing trends, any signs of industry discounting either in the U.S. or Europe?
Mark C. Pigott: You know, when the market slows down - and I can't think of any market that hasn't slowed down in any industry - pricing is affected. On the used truck pricing, particularly in the U.S. and Canada, we're finding that our pricing is pretty much in line with what we're selling the units for. So I think that's good news. We've taken a very proactive approach over the last two years and it seems to be paying dividends. The good news is that the Kenworth, Peterbilt, DAF products still have a 15% to 25% advantage on used truck pricing, and that's very healthy for our customers and our dealers.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: If I could follow up a little bit. You alluded to 2001 being a pretty similar environment to what you expect in 2009. If I go back in time in that 2001 range, we saw a lot of discounting, not necessarily from you, but some of your competitors. Have you seen any of that in the industry yet?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, you know, every company has their own approach to the market and certainly a number of our competitors, that would tend to be their favorite approach in trying to secure orders.  For the commercial vehicle market in the U.S. and Canada - and to some extent Mexico we've been in a recession since the middle of '07, so we're coming up on two years. So we're pretty experienced on what's going on and, as you know, we're the leading indicator going down and we're the leading indicator going up. So, you know, when things are more challenging, people resort to whatever tools they've got at their hand, so I'm sure that competitor's pricing the normal trend.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research :  In the aftermarket business, can you just give us a sense what the growth was in 2008 versus '07 and the outlook for '09?
Mark C. Pigott: The growth was essentially flat '08 to '07, which could be a win if you take a look at it that way. In '09 we expect to see some growth.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research : And then you guys think you're going to be able to stay profitable in the fourth quarter of 2009 given all the stress?
Mark C. Pigott: That's always our intention - always our intention.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research : You think it's going to be close?
Mark C. Pigott: We don't give guidance. You know that.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research : And then your production, all the shutdowns, do you think that's going to last through February? Are you seeing the channels clearing out or do you think you're going to need to keep the shutdowns going a little bit longer through February?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, all of our factories are building that are planned to building. And obviously build rates have adjusted over the last two years, and we've shared with you what we think the build rates will be vis-à-vis the fourth quarter of '08. But we want our factories operating. That's good for everybody. It's good for our employees, our customers, and obviously good for the business. It's something that we review on a daily, weekly, monthly basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan.
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan:  Can we talk about PACCAR Financial? That's where we've been getting all the questions all morning, and I suppose what surprised us a little bit is your provision for loan losses on receivables. We understand that they're up 80% year-over-year, but they were down sequentially. Is that a function of lower diesel prices and correlated with the fact that you mentioned that losses are actually down and that your customers are actually making money? Or is it just we've reached such a low level that there just aren't many more customers to go bankrupt out there?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, let me address part of that, and I know Ron will have any more specifics you want. Most of the trucking companies are making money, so let's get that out there. And you've seen their results over the last week from certainly the major ones that report publicly. So I think that's important. I know that it's not a popular trend in the world today to talk about good news, but there is plenty of good news. And so most of our customers are making money and a number have actually increased profits.  And why? They manage their business well. Fuel, which is about 25% to 30% of their business has come down by $2 plus per gallon. And you have to calculate that most of them buy about 20,000 gallons per truck per year of fuel, so you can do the math on the benefit of that, at least on a cash flow basis. Driver turnover is coming way down because essentially the housing market is slow and people are saying well, I want to keep my job and I don't have any houses to build, so I'm going to keep driving my truck, so that's saving them hundreds of thousands of dollars. They're getting attractive pricing on trucks and freight is down, but it's still, let's call it, 2000 2001 levels. So even though 5% of the capacity of the industry has been taken out, the 95% that's left are doing reasonably well.  So that's kind of the market overview, and Ron might have some thoughts on any financial questions you've got.
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: Yes, if you could just comment on your outlook for loan loss provisions as we go into '09. Should we look at Q4 as being a run rate or do you anticipate that with your falling off a cliff that we've yet to see the impact of those customers going out of business or under financial stress? If you could just help us understand what you're looking at going into '09 for financial services.
Ronald E. Armstrong:  We continue to monitor the portfolio and it's performing well, and we don't see any particular trends one way or another. We're working with customers as needed to support their business and we'll continue to do that throughout the coming year.
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: And how much manufacturing cash are you now using to fund PACCAR Financial?
Ronald E. Armstrong: Minimal.
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: Can I switch back to the manufacturing side? Can you talk a little bit more about the launch of the new engines and your new manufacturing facility? We'd heard some scuttle out there that maybe there were some startup problems or some issues out there - and I know it's scuttle.
Mark C. Pigott: Ann, you're a seasoned person. Don't waste your time listening to that stuff. Give us a call. We'll let you know.
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: So can you talk about any contingency plans you might have if there should be any problems and if engines are not ready on 1/1/2010 or just give us an update on what's going on.
Mark C. Pigott: I don't know who you've been talking to. Things are going great. I think in our press release and in my comments we talked about 40 million miles these engines have run, which is about three times more than any other manufacturer has ever run their engines before its launched.  The factory itself - I was just there two weeks ago - it is fantastic. We've got great employees. And, as I think Andy mentioned or asked earlier, we've got some capacity in our facility in Eindhoven which we're going to use, which makes sense, certainly, from a business standpoint. And as the market recovers, we look forward to utilizing a wonderful new factory in Mississippi.  So it's all green light here. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse :  On the engine side, can you just talk about what you're hearing from your customers in the U.S. in terms of the adoption of the engine for 2009 because from our perspective we're going to have to start to model that in. And then I guess just my second question, a little more color or granularity when we think about Western and Central Europe by country or even the emerging markets, just sort of what you're seeing, the magnitude of the decline that you're seeing.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I think there won't be a lot of modeling necessary in terms of the engine. This would be a gradual phase in, which is very typical of how we introduce our products around the world and have for decades, so I'm not sure that's going to have any real impact on your modeling. I'm trying to help you out here. It's going great. People are excited about it, obviously. Just one more piece of the business that customers, dealers, our own people enjoy. We've been building engines for 50 years, so it's pretty much business as normal. And in looking at Europe, it's a little hard to give a country-by-country because, first of all, they don't usually issue information for about six months on a country-by-country basis. 
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse : But I'm assuming you're talking to your customers.
Mark C. Pigott: Europe has slowed down, as has the rest of the world. We've given you some indications of what we think at this point, the end of January, that 2009 will look like. And we're building trucks every day, continue to win all the quality awards in whatever market we're competing in, and it's going to be an exciting year and we're looking forward to it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company:  Related to these new engines that are coming out in 2010, how much is PACCAR going to be raising prices in 2010 in the U.S.?
Mark C. Pigott: We like to look at it as raising value, but I think the range that you'll hear from everybody in the industry is $5,000 to $10,000. It's a pretty broad range and obviously it depends on horsepower and application, but I think that's the general industry range. And, of course, we've been around a long time, so '94, '98, 2002, 2004, 2007, now 2010, and about every three years we see it.  And, of course, the good news is it continues to be great for the environment, which we're proud to be a leader on, and also the fuel economy for the most part continues to improve, which lowers the cost for our customers.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: And then regarding the outlook for research and development expenses this year, how would you think that that would unfold through the quarters? Should we expecting kind of an expense evenly spread across the quarters or more of a gradual reduction through the year?
Mark C. Pigott: I think pretty constant, yes, pretty steady. I think the earlier question addressed a little bit about that. We're in the best shape in our history. We're in our 104th year, which is a major accomplishment, and we're going to enjoy and benefit from all these excellent investments across the board. So right now it's a little bit of a lull period, but pretty constant across the quarters.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: What was the impact to revenue and earnings from currency in the fourth quarter?
Michael T. Barkley:  For the quarter, comparing against the last quarter of '07, the impact on all currencies was a reduction of net income by $20 million and a reduction of revenues by about $220 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from Henry Kirn - UBS.
Henry Kirn - UBS:  A question about the age of the fleet in Europe today and maybe some color around what you think normalized replacement demand would be there.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, the age of the fleet in Europe is younger than North America, one of the key reasons being, as I mentioned earlier, that North America's recession started about the middle of '07 and let's say the recession in Europe started about September of last year, so they have about two more years of new vehicles and a lot more new vehicles coming in. So if the average age in North America is six to seven, probably in Europe it's four-ish, four or five.
Henry Kirn - UBS: And with the rest of the world, what are the trends that you're seeing and what do you watch for to see when things could pick back up?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I think two key indicators for, let's call it, the commercial vehicle industrial world are construction. You have obviously residential and commercial. You also have some of the primary industries such as steel manufacturing and auto manufacturing are big drivers. So industries that utilize a lot of transport tend to be very good indicators for the requirement to buy trucks.
Henry Kirn - UBS: I'll save you the embarrassment from having to answer why you swung to a loss 71 years ago.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, you know, the good thing is you've given me a segue as about half our management team has been here for about half of that 70 years, so we've got a pretty experienced team. We've seen the ups and downs and it's been fantastic.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Obin - BAS-ML.
Andrew Obin - BAS-ML:  I think it's the first time I've heard anybody talk about the cost of the new trucks going into 2010, and so the question I have, how much pre-buy - and I apologize if I missed a little bit of it how much of a pre-buy do you have in your forecast for North America for '09?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, first of all, I think in terms of the - you're talking about the engine pricing for 2010, the $5,000 to $10,000? I think that's been sort of discussed over the last half a year.
Andrew Obin - BAS-ML: Sure.
Mark C. Pigott: The pre-buy, there might be some, but obviously it's going to be impacted by the general economy. When things are really strong with the general economy, the pre-buy has typically been pretty substantial, so I think there's some influence there.  But also, to be fair, I think many, many of our customers and the industry associations are very experienced with new engine technology. As I indicated earlier, it's about every three years now. So I think some of the thoughts about well, what's the impact going to be of this new technology are really diminishing. People are saying you know, the engines are going to be fine. Yes, they're going to cost more because there's more environmental componentry on the engines, but everybody's in the same boat so you just kind of get on with it and do it.  So there's really no mystery about it anymore. The industry has adopted SCR as the standard, same as in Europe, so everybody's comfortable with it. 
Andrew Obin - BAS-ML: And would you by any chance share with us your GDP assumption for U.S. in '09? Is that something you would disclose?
Mark C. Pigott: Not typically. I'm sure we always hope it's better than other people might think it is.
Andrew Obin - BAS-ML: Just going to the Finance sub and sources of [inaudible] Finance sub, I'm a little bit it's a twopart question - I am a little bit surprised just by how little, I guess, in terms of debt you've issued, particularly compared to peers like CAT and Deere given your reliance on [inaudible] financing in your sub versus [inaudible] year, if you'd comment on that.  And part two of the question, could you tell us where you are in terms of renegotiating your credit facility that backs up your commercial paper issuance, which I believe expires some time in the summer. 
Mark C. Pigott: Well, okay, and Ron will cover that. We've got, on the backup facilities, there's a couple of those over this year and next year. 
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes. We have a $2 billion backup facility that comes due in June and we're in the process of very initial discussions with some of the banks. And we expect to renew that for the appropriate amount based on our debt position and asset size.  The first part of your question?
Andrew Obin - BAS-ML: The first part, I guess it goes to the same question, the fact that you are not issuing as much debt as some of your peers because it seems some people are sort of more worried about credit environment going into '09 and just trying to issue as much debt as they can when they can. Yet if I look at your debt issuance, I guess you said it was less than $200 million in 4Q.  Now I understand that your financial position is much stronger than that of your peers, but having said that, how good an asset is truck, particularly in Europe, and do you truly really have a positive view for recovery for North America in '09 that you don't feel the urgent need to refinance a lot of your paper or to back up your credit lines as soon as you can?
Ronald E. Armstrong: We have a continuing approach to the market to have commercial paper and medium-term notes as our primary funding source. Over the last four quarters, the second quarter of last year issued in Europe, the third quarter we issued in Mexico, the fourth quarter we did some term debt in Australia, and so far this year we've done the $178 million term note in the U.S. So we're very comfortable with our funding approach and our access to the debt markets at this point.
Andrew Obin - BAS-ML: So I guess it's fair to say that you'll stick to the same sort of short-term debt versus medium-term debt, that you're not likely to change the composition in terms of how you raise the money for the business?
Ronald E. Armstrong: No, it's always a balance, and we monitor that on an ongoing basis.
Mark C. Pigott: And I think, picking up on Ron's comments, on the medium-term, we'll go into that market on a very regular basis, as we've done over the last 18 months, and going forward do the same thing.
Andrew Obin - BAS-ML: Do you have an explicit expectation of significant improvement in U.S. credit markets in the second half of '09?
Mark C. Pigott: I wish we knew the answer to that, Andrew.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Can't really comment on that one.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners LLC.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners LLC:  Just a bigger picture question. We all know the current freight trends and the impact on truck demand at this point. My question is concerning a structural change with the U.S. fleet that's been emerging as the truckers have reported. Truck fleets are shedding trucks and have made comments that they're not going to bring the size of their fleets back - this regards shorter length of haul, the cost of new trucks - and they're also elongating their trade cycles. How do you see this recovery, as we think about moving through '09 and '10 versus prior cycles and could a normal replacement cycle be lower going forward from here? 
Mark C. Pigott: I think that's a good question, a good macro question. We've been in business a long time. I think what happens is that when things are going good, many companies, many industries say, well, they're always going to go good. And when things turn around and aren't going as good, then everybody says, gee, this is never going to get better. So I think one of the strengths of PACCAR is we have a long-term view.  So is there a structural shift? I don't think we can say that there is. Are people concerned about the economy? Definitely and rightfully so. It is challenging times, as we've said in our press release, and many other industries have commented.  A year ago some very, very bright people in New York and around the world said that oil was going to be hundreds of dollars and now it's less and who knows what's going to happen, so I'm not sure anybody's crystal ball is absolutely sparkling right now.  Our goal is produce the highest-quality product in all the industries we compete and that's what we do every day. And if there is any sort of evolution, we'll be in good shape to meet it. 
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners LLC: Your industry outlook in North America and Europe - I should preface that with a trend not too different from any other industrial company at this point - has been revised lower a few times over the last few months. What's your confidence going forward in your forecasts and do you view them as conservative at this point and perhaps you'll be at the high side of those ranges?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, we just give a range and, honestly, through the year we get smarter and smarter as the year goes on. So we feel good about the range right now and when we chat in three months we'll be that much smarter, but it seems to be reflective of what's going on in the world right now.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners LLC: It's been in the press that you guys have pulled out of the Mid-America Truck Show. It caught me a little wide-eyed and I was just wondering what the strategy behind that was?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, as you may know - and I know you've been tracking the industry for awhile - most of the trade shows have been canceled in Europe because they're expensive and may not be the best way to reach our customers. They're certainly fun, but just like any other trade show, boat show, RV show, cooking show, home improvement show, sometimes in interesting times it's good to stand back and say what is the real return for the companies and for the industry?  So, as I say, I think every major show has been canceled in Europe and we're proactive on that and we're going to be actually having more of our customers visit us at our factories, at our technical centers, at our regional office. In fact, that'll probably be a record for us this year in terms of great customers who're spending real quality time, you know? In the future, we'll look at shows again, but I think PACCAR is, again, a leader in setting the quality standard in reaching our customers. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan.
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: I just wanted to circle back on financial services again. It looks to us actually like your leverage went up, not down, in the quarter, and equity actually went down in financial services and on the manufacturing side. Can you just walk us through what's going on just from a modeling standpoint so that we understand what all the moving parts are in financial services and manufacturing.
Mark C. Pigott: Sure. Let me start out, and then Ron will give you a little more color on it. As you know, in any type of industry where you've got a financial component, as production goes down, as the market eases back, that has an effect on the financials. Same with us, so it tracks. If things are slower, our assets are going to be lower, we're going to do less financing. When things improve, more people want to do the financing and that'll go up. So I think that's sort of the 30,000-foot level. For more specifics, over to Ron.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Just a further comment on the asset side, we saw lower dealer inventories as the dealers managed through their inventory. They made some nice reductions and were able to manage their positions better during the quarter, and I think we'll continue to see that. And on the debt side, it reflects the lower asset balances and just normal activity with our manufacturing cash flows.
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: And the lower equity on the manufacturing side, what was that driven by?
Ronald E. Armstrong: The equity on the manufacturing side?
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: Yes.
Michael T. Barkley: Yes, the equity on the manufacturing side during the quarter was impacted by two main things. One is we had currencies went down during the quarter and so we had a currency translation effect. And we had, you know, our pension balances went down and so we had an equity impact from a pension funding standpoint. 
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: And are you contributing to your pension in 2009?
Michael T. Barkley: Yes. 
Mark C. Pigott: We do that on a regular basis.
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: Do we know how much?
Michael T. Barkley: Well, it'll depend on the markets. It'll depend on our views of what our funding requirements are from our pension trustees.
Mark C. Pigott: It'll probably be in line with last year. If you tell us what's happening with the stock markets, Ann, we'll all do well. 
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: I appreciate that, but we shouldn't expect it to be too dissimilar to last year?
Mark C. Pigott: Just normal, very normal.
Michael T. Barkley: It'll be a similar pattern to last year.
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: And that does bring up just my final follow up and that's on the working capital side. Your days of inventories went up slightly year-over-year, they were down sequentially; same with days sales outstanding. How should we think about working capital management, particularly in Q1?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I think you should think good about it. You know, a couple of little factoids that are interesting are dealers - and we actually put in our press release a section on our dealers because we think that's important - but our dealers' inventory, I'll just make a note, is probably at a four to five-year low. Our dealers are doing very well and all credit to them and obviously with our teams that are working with them. So I think that's important just in terms of managing the business. 
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: Will working capital be a source or a user of cash in Q1?
Michael T. Barkley: I'm sorry, repeat that question?
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: Will working capital be a source of cash or a user of cash in the first quarter? I'm just thinking how quickly Europe has slowed and the manufacturing you're going to do but thought you'd probably have a lot of the inventories in house, so my question is really around what's the operating cash flow going to look like in Q1? 
Michael T. Barkley:  We expect to generate positive operating cash flow in Q1.
Operator: Your next question comes from Declan Carlin - BlueBay Asset Management.
Declan Carlin - BlueBay Asset Management:  The first question is on the truck gross margin. In the quarter it came in at 10.7%, and in that quarter European sales were down about 25%. Looking ahead, given the Q1 guidance and given the full year guidance for Europe, should we expect margins for the full year to come in below 10.7%?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I think we've given some indications that the production is going down and typically there's some tracking of margins and production, so there'll be some impact.
Declan Carlin - BlueBay Asset Management: Okay, so we should expect margins lower than the 10.7%, just for our modeling purposes?
Mark C. Pigott: I think that's probably a fair assessment.
Ronald E. Armstrong: If we end up producing at the lower end of our range, the margins will probably be lower and at the higher range, they might be better.
Mark C. Pigott: And as I say, it really follows. The more you can move through your factory, your margins tend to be better. 
Declan Carlin - BlueBay Asset Management: Within your financial services assets, could you tell us if you have any exposure within that to Eastern Europe and could you quantify what the exposure is? 
Mark C. Pigott: Eastern Europe?
Declan Carlin - BlueBay Asset Management: Yes.
Mark C. Pigott: No, we have no exposure.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Rosso - ISI.
David Rosso - ISI:  Historically your trucks have had a premium resale value.
Mark C. Pigott: And they still do.
David Rosso - ISI:  Well, I was just curious, with CAT's decision to exit the truck engine business and the majority of your trucks three to four years ago were powered by CAT engines - and particularly, of course, the Peterbilt brand - how would you characterize your dealers' appetites right now for tradein values? I know the CAT dealer network is supposed to support and service the installed base, but obviously the exiting of the business could raise some customers' desire to buy a CATpowered truck. Can you articulate kind of what you're seeing from your dealers on tradeins?
Mark C. Pigott: Let me rephrase that for you. It's a Kenworth and Peterbilt with a CAT engine. That's where your resale is. 
David Rosso - ISI:  Obviously, the drive train isn't just the engine, but obviously the drive train's - the critical aspect's the engine. 
Mark C. Pigott: Just one small part of it. It's a vehicle, so I'd say minimal impact. It's still a Kenworth, it's still a Peterbilt, it's still a DAF, and it's still the best.
David Rosso - ISI:  So it may be on the margin a little, but you're not - 
Mark C. Pigott: [inaudible] resale and durability and reliability. 
David Rosso - ISI:  On the margin, a little impact, but you're not seeing any notable change on a dealer's willingness to take that trade-in at the old, let's say, a three, four-year-old trade-in value?
Mark C. Pigott: You're still getting a fantastic vehicle that's worth 25% more than any competitor out there in the world.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Vicus Tannen] - BTIG.
Vicus Tannen - BTIG:  I just want to circle, make sure I got some data right, and ask a question. The indication was that Q4 '08 versus Q1 '09 builds were down 40% in Europe. Is that correct?
Mark C. Pigott: In Q1 '09 we expect them to be down Q4, that's correct.
Vicus Tannen - BTIG: What would that translate to on a year-over-year versus Q1 '08, just out of curiosity?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, let's see if we have that data.
Vicus Tannen - BTIG: And I guess the question would be, I'm assuming that the year-over-year data would be a larger decline, obviously, since Q4 '08 already had some slowdown in it, obviously. The overall annual guidance is for 200,000 to 240,000, so picking the midpoint of 220,000. The overall industry guidance that you guys had in the press release was for a 33% decline in Europe, so are you expecting the second half of the year to be better and the decline not to be as strong? Because I'm just trying to reconcile kind of, you know, a 40% plus drop, let's say, in the first quarter with annual guidance of a 33% drop. 
Mark C. Pigott: I think you've got a lot of percents there. Let's go back to the first part of you question and that is Q1 '09 versus Q1 '08 on build rates in Europe will be probably half. And, of course - you've kind of lost me with all those percents. What's your question?
Vicus Tannen - BTIG: I guess basically if we're down 50% year-over-year, let's say Q1 '08 versus Q1 '09, the guidance for at least the industry that you put in the press release was for more like a 30% decline, so if we're down 50% in the first quarter.
Mark C. Pigott: Of course, we're looking to continue to grow some market share as, you know, DAF's picked up about a point of market share per year over the last six or seven years. And, you know, they've got the best product out there. And so, you know, that's going to be an important part. I think our dealers in Europe are in good shape, very good shape most of them. And we still only have 14% share and our goal is to get to 20%, so a lot of our competitors are struggling and there's some opportunities. 
Vicus Tannen - BTIG: So it's not based on a thought of macroeconomic trends in Europe, that there'll be some rebound in the second half of the year?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, you know, possibly way out there at the higher end. But, yes, I think pretty steady right now.
Vicus Tannen - BTIG: Just looking at the impact currency translation has on the business with the strengthening dollar, is there any guidance you can give for sort of how much, if the current spot rate on, let's say, the euro persisted for the entire year kind of what the impact year-over-year on profitability would be?
Mark C. Pigott:  You guys are asking some questions. You know, if we had answers like this, we'd all probably be on the Fed board or something. I don't think anybody knows what's going to happen with currency or exchange rates and certainly interest rates don't have a lot further to go down. So we're just like everybody else, we're just responding to what's going on out there.
Vicus Tannen - BTIG: No, understood, but I guess just if currency rates stayed kind of where they are right now, have you guys looked at what the impact on profitability would be? And I'm not asking you what you think currency rates are going to do.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes. I mean, we do different scenarios, but I'm not sure what the - yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Nesvold - Lazard
Peter Nesvold - Lazard:  Ron, just a point of clarification. On the lower loan loss reserves, is there a relationship between that and the fact that you shrunk the book, the finance book, during the quarter?
Ronald E. Armstrong: It's mostly driven by lower losses. 
Mark C. Pigott: Which means our customers are doing better than you might expect.
Peter Nesvold - Lazard: So how would the accrual compare today versus where it was a quarter ago, two quarters ago?
Mark C. Pigott: Our reserve percentage is relatively static. It's about 2.1% and very conservative.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Daniel Johansen] - NBIM.
Daniel Johansen - NBIM:  I was wondering, you referred to this year becoming like an '01 type of year, and if I look back at history and see, you know, in '01 you did some 255 in terms of pre-tax profit.
Mark C. Pigott: Oh, we only look at net income. 
Daniel Johansen - NBIM: Yes, but the way you have showed it in your 10-Ks. And anyway, the distribution of that pretax profit was that you were roughly breakeven in North America - or in the U.S., I should say - and you did some $1 billion less than I estimate that you did last year in Europe. And if I think about this year, why should the profits go down less in Europe than a billion if you are back to the same kind of levels?
Mark C. Pigott: We shared that the general world and our industry, we should be thinking about 2001 just in terms of the challenges out there. When we look at what we did in 2001 versus, say, 2008 and you can extrapolate some of that to 2009, we're a significantly larger, more diversified company. We're just saying it's going to be challenging like 2001. And, of course, we all were here in 2001 managing it and I think the team did a great job and, once again, it was a good profit year in 2001. We're looking forward to a reasonable year this year, but it's going to be challenging. That's really the guiding force between that analogy to 2001.
Daniel Johansen - NBIM: But in essence, if you are a larger company and have more installed base and you have less volume or the same volume as you had then, isn't that - 
Mark C. Pigott: We're got more parts business. We've got more finance business. We've got more winch business. And our market share is a lot higher, and we're a lot stronger in all different parts of the world. PacLease is doing very well. And the vehicles that we do make, as I said, they're 100% more efficient in terms of the factory utilization than certainly six, seven years ago. Well, that's all good.
Daniel Johansen - NBIM: Secondly, if I may, I might ask on DAF, the market share gains we've seen, obviously you have had a pretty beneficial mix in terms of geographies in Europe where U.K. accounts for some 20% of our DAF deliveries, I guess, and the Benelux countries is another 15% - 20%.
Mark C. Pigott: And moving into Scandinavia in a big way.
Daniel Johansen - NBIM: Yes. And both these markets, I mean, they were increasing nicely, I guess, in '08. Will this work as a headwind for you going forward more than the industry as a whole or how to think about that?
Mark C. Pigott: Well, if you look back at 2001 in the U.K. - of course, we've been the market share leader in the U.K. for 10-plus years. We had about 23% - 24% share. We have now 33% share, so we've gotten a bigger chunk of that. Obviously, you know, if the markets are shrinking, which they are, it has an effect on us and it has an effect on everybody. But the good news is that we are one of the largest players in the largest market versus being a small player in a big market or a big player in a small market. So I think DAF's got great product, probably the healthiest dealer network - in fact, one of the few independently owned dealer networks versus a number of the competitors out there, so that's a real benefit. Well, I think it's a challenging market, but we're in good shape.
Daniel Johansen - NBIM: But may I also ask, maybe, how much of your trucks you sell in the U.K. do you import from Holland or wherever in Europe?
Mark C. Pigott: Not too many. We just build them up at Leyland. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Robin Easton: I'd like to thank everyone for their excellent questions and thank you, Operator.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-21 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Robin Easton - Treasurer Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and CEO Ronald E. Armstrong - Sr. VP and Executive Operations Officer Michael T. Barkley - VP, Controller
Analysts: J.B. Groh - D. A. Davidson & Co. Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets Henry Kirn - UBS Peter Jacobs - Ragen MacKenzie Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PACCAR's Third Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded and if anyone has an objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Robin Easton, PACCAR's Treasurer. Mr. Easton, please go ahead.
Robin Easton - Treasurer: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Robin Easton, Treasurer of PACCAR and joining me this morning are Mark Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Tembreull, Vice Chairman; Ron Armstrong, Senior Vice President and Michael Barkley, Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls, if there are members of the media participating, we request that they participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general, economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Mark Pigott.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. First of all, I'd like to start off by saying I'm very proud of PACCAR's 20,000 employees who have delivered excellent financial results. In fact, its our tenth best quarter in company history. A number of PACCAR divisions are performing very well, specifically PACCAR Parts, PACCAR Lease, PACCAR Financial Europe and our Winch Group and DAF. The recession in North America and Europe has impacted the truck markets and we're responding accordingly. As in previous cycles, the company is rigorously aligning operating costs, expenses and capital budgets with current market conditions. When we compare the third quarter 2008 to the fourth quarter, we expect industry bill rate reductions are 20% to 30% in Europe, Mexico and Australia. This action, coupled with continued softness in the U.S. and Canadian truck market, and the effect of a strengthening U.S. dollar, will have an impact on fourth quarter financial results. I think that's been outlined quite clearly in the press release. PACCAR is in excellent position, because of its dedicated employees, the most experienced management team in the industry, high-quality products, world-class technology, modern factories and the ongoing benefit of capital investments in every facet of the business. Looking at the third quarter, PACCAR's sales and service revenues were $4 billion. Net income was $299 million, which was comparable to a year ago and earnings per share at $0.82 per share is actually a $0.01 better than a year ago. For the nine months, net sales and service revenues were $12.1 billion with net income of $905 million and earnings per share at $247 million. PACCAR's after-tax return on sale was 7.5% for the quarter and it's year-to-date after-tax return on beginning equity was 24.1%. Diving a little bit deeper, gross margins are up, operating margins are up and SG&A is down, all good indicators. PACCAR Financial Service revenues of $323 million increased in the third quarter compared to $313 million a year ago. Pre-tax income was $45.5 million in the third quarter compared to $73.4 million earned a year ago. Most of the lower profit is due to provisions for loan losses in the U.S. and Canada. And as we know, loan losses normally increase at this point in the economic cycle, which our industry typically experiences every five years. Our finance team is proactively engaged with our dealers and customers to manage through the market. PACCAR Financial opened a truck center in South Carolina and it's making an excellent contribution to our used truck distribution program. PACCAR's strong balance sheet and conservative approach to business has enabled it navigate the financial turbulence caused by the global credit crisis. PACCAR's AA minus credit rating promotes good access to the capital markets. Like other highly rated U.S. companies, PACCAR plans to utilize the Fed's commercial paper funding facility to complement our current commercial paper programs. In addition, PACCAR is utilizing a portion of its excess manufacturing cash to supplement short-term financial services funding requirements in our foreign markets. Moving to operations, the reduction in many commodity prices, with the exception of steel should be a benefit to PACCAR and other manufacturers in 2009. However, commodity prices still need to decline another 20% to 40% to equal the cost levels of 2006. But, there's other good news. The dollar per gallon decline in the price of diesel fuel since July is benefiting our customers, as fuel is about 25% of their operating costs. Freight is up in each of the last 10 months year-on-year in North America. In fact, a number of our customers are reporting increased earnings in the third quarter. And finally, there may be some small impact from a pre-buy due to 2010 engine emission regulations. When you wrap all that up, we estimate that truck orders in the U.S. and Canada could be up next year at 170,000 to 210,000 units. If achieved, this would be the best year for orders since 2006. I think what we all need to recognize is for the trucking industry, we've been in a down market since really the middle of 2007. Trucks do wear out and with strong freight and about 4% less trucks operating in U.S. and Canada, our good customers are making money with good freight and are looking to purchase next year for the first time in about three years. Moving on to our capital, we continue to actively review our capital budgets to determine which have the best, short, medium and long-term benefits. We are maintaining capital investments on important projects that will deliver increased profitability and superior customer benefits such as the construction of our new engine facility in Columbus, Mississippi. And by the way, for the first time, I'd just like to report that field trials of the PACCAR engine in Kenworth and Peterbilt fleets are achieving excellent results. Looking at other investments, Kenworth and Peterbilt have recently completed investments in their robotic paint booths to improve quality and productivity and our technical center is increasing its testing capability by 30%, which will accelerate new product development, once again benefiting our customers. Over the last decade, PACCAR has invested $2.6 billion, and those investments are delivering excellent financial results. As an example, Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF now built a truck in half the hours it took to build a truck 10 years ago, and the quality is 500% better. As someone mentioned to me what was the quality like 10 years ago? It was excellent. Now it is incredibly excellent. We are proud to be the highest quality, most efficient manufacturer. Our truck divisions have earned 26 J.D. Power customer satisfaction awards compared to only nine for the next competitor. That's a bottom line advantage to our customers. In summary, our investments have delivered new products, strengthened our dealer network and made us an industry leader in information technology. In taking a little longer historical perspective, PACCAR's outstanding growth after the last recession of 2001 and 2002 is an excellent indicator of the benefits of our quality product focus and continuous improvement philosophy. PACCAR is working hard to deliver outstanding results in all phases of the market cycle. Thank you. I look forward to your questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question will come from the line of J.B. Groh with D.A. Davidson.
J.B. Groh - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Good morning Mark, can you hear me?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, you bet, good morning.
J.B. Groh - D. A. Davidson & Co.: How are you doing?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Fine.
J.B. Groh - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Just aquestion on your outlook for U.S., Canada and Europe. Can you maybe discuss the swing factors that put you towards, in your opinion, the top end or the bottom end of those ranges? I'm assuming the factors are different for Europe than they would be for U.S. and Canada.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, you bet. U.S. and Canada, and of course you have been following the industry and the company for a while, I think one point I'd just make is, and I've mentioned it briefly in the comments is that for the U.S. and Canada, we've been in the down part of this cycle for coming up about a year and a half. And every five years we go through some sort of cyclical adjustment. So that's why we pointed out some of the reasons that we think there could be an improvement next year. Obviously, the macro economy is probably 6 to 12 months behind the leading indicator of truck production and freight. That's going to have an impact perhaps on a negative view point. On the positive, a lot of our customers have not purchased for two to three years. They are still doing 200,000, 250,000 miles a year. They're now getting these vehicles up to 600,000 to 800,000 miles. And frankly, that's typically the time when they turn it in to continue to maximize their, let's call it, or minimize their operating costs. So that would be really that the range is how many of the customers will be trading in and purchasing new vehicles. In Europe, which is probably 6 to 12 months behind the U.S. in terms of the truck economic cycle. And I guess I keep emphasizing that because it is a little bit different than just a general economic cycle. If we... you've got the positive impact of Central Europe, which has certainly cooled down, but is still estimated to have GDP growth of 2% to 4% next year, you compare that to Western Europe of, let's say, 0% to 1%. But with about 60,000 to 70,000 in Central Europe, which we did not have even six, seven years ago, that's going to be a certain buoyant effect. So Western Europe will slow down because of the 0% to 1% GDP growth. Some of that will be offset with the newly invigorated Central European markets. So that's how you get your range.
J.B. Groh - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. And then it looked obviously the provision for loss in the financial subsidiary popped up a little bit there understandably. If you look at past cycles and then look back, but sort of where does that peak out at? I mean is 10% kind of dire circumstances or can it get worse from here? Where do you see that going?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Let me just start it off and then turn it over to Ron Armstrong. But our losses in terms of dollars are really comparable to 2001, 2002. Of course, the good news is our asset base, the portfolio is at least twice as big. So on dollars, it's comparable to the last recession but on a much larger asset base. Ron?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Senior Vice President and Executive Operations Officer: Yes, I would say our loss ratio in the last downturn was up close to 180 basis points. We don't expect anywhere near that, and roughly have that based on the size of our portfolio. So portfolio performing well as Mark mentioned. We are proactively engage with our dealers and customers, helping them work through whatever challenges they might encounter. And we expect the portfolio to perform well as we go forward.
J.B. Groh - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. Thanks for you time.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You bet. Thank you.
J.B. Groh - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Bye bye.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Joel Tiss with Buckingham Research.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research: Good morning. How is it going?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Joel. Good to have you back.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research: Thanks. I wasn't gone long, only three weeks. I've been looking through the dictionary trying to find what incredibly excellent means, but I'm still having trouble on that. You'll have to explain that to me.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Come out again. We'll give you a tour of the truck factory. We'll show you up close and personal.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research: Okay. Can you talk a little bit about your European forecast? Is that industry or for you specifically, because it seems a little bit more negative than what we're hearing from some of the other MAN and Volvo and some of the other guys?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I'd say it's an interpretation of the industry forecast. It's a little harder to get a true industry forecast in Europe because you've got so many countries that are trying to compile their own home truck manufacturer. It's not quite as easy as we do it here with the American Trucking Association. So I think it's in the range of what our competitors are saying. Everybody's being affected by the same macroeconomic slowdown, and we try to be conservative, which is the way we run the company. So if it's better, well, that's a good thing. Of course, one thing I just touched on is that DAF has done a great job of continuously growing market share 0.5 to 0.2 a year, and we will be looking to continue to do that next year, even with a slower market.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research: Okay and then just a quick follow up, I know that historically you've tried to help your customers' transition into higher prices as new emission standards come out. Can you just talk a little about what kind of discussions you're having with the customers and the dealers, and if there is a chance to get a little bit of pricing in 2009, or is it just going to be difficult?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think it's a great question, certainly a one that everyone in the industry is working very hard on. It's still a little bit early, I mean here we are October 2008 and this... the emissions will go in January 1, 2010. But, we are talking with some of our leading major customers about it and I think the realization has sort off dawned on most of the customers that every three-four years we're going through on emission change, which typically means higher costs and higher price, because of the add-on equipment to meet the emission regulations. There's always a little bit of a fear about what will that do to fuel economy and just operating efficiency. What we have found little over the last 10 or 15 years and I think we've had four emission changes over the last 15 years is that, the fuel economy usually is about the same. The dire forecasts never come true. Yes, there are increased costs which ultimately get passed through to the end customer. But I think people have wised up after 2002, 2004 that there will be some pre-buy and yes, there will be some higher prices, but it's a little disrupted to the customer. Because if they buy 30% more than they typically buy, then they need to get the drivers, they need to get the service contracts, they need to get additional business. And so, it's more of a challenge for them. So I think we'll perhaps some pre-buy but it will be more on the smaller scale.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research: Okay. Thank you very much.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You bet. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Ann.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: Hi, good morning everybody. Can we step back and look at Europe again and could you give us your best thoughts on decremental profits, just given how quickly that markets slowed over the last quarter and it's slowing as we go forward. Coupled with the fact that in Europe we don't tend to see too much cyclicality; plus or minus 5% is where we usually forecast. But it certainly looks like this downturn could be worst for Europe. Could you just talk about how you would expect decremental profits to rollout over the next several quarters?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: All I can share and I can add to that the profit, we can talk about the market. First, we're such an experienced team. We've been around for 30 years, so we've seen the ups and downs of these markets. And if you look at Western Europe, let's call it in the 260-280 range this year, that's '08 and Central Eastern Europe, 60 to 80. What is of course different and I'd mentioned this earlier is that even in the year 2000, Central Eastern Europe really wasn't much of a factor. So you got that as a positive. Western Europe is certainly running into the same economic issues that while the rest of the world is now certainly in; North America, Australia. So we see that there will be a more of slowdown in Western Europe than in Central Europe, just in terms of truck demand. But the quantity... you're talking about a market is four almost five times larger in Western Europe than Central Europe, so it's still going to be a good market. I think, if you go back, it might be in a market of a size in Western Europe that you're seeing sort of 2003. Still five years ago, which... I was there in 2003, it was a good market and you put the advantage or the benefit of the Central European and it's still a good market. It's not a record market like we're experiencing this year around a long time, it's hard to have a record here every year.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: But is it... should we also expect that with volumes slowing somewhat, that you would deliver, somewhat normal decremental profits of somewhere between 20% and 30%? Just on lower volume in Western Europe or is there something that might be different?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, probably. Yes, I think most of our competitors would probably agree with that.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: And then as you expect...
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Let's say Europe. That's just Europe. Europe's only a portion of our overall business as you know.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: Right. But you also have the flexibility of taking cost out faster than maybe some of your competitors there?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And that's a very good point which really has not been brought up and that I think PACCAR's for a 100 years has been a real leader on being able to take cost out throughout the company. And of course, the Kenwood and Peterbilt teams have done that over the last year and a half and the DAF teams we're all working together, have learned from that.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: Okay. And my follow-up question is on Financial Services side. Are you seeing any increase in loan losses or delinquencies in your Europe yet, and we just were on the Caterpillar call and they mentioned that they are beginning to see delinquencies rise a little late in Europe. Are you guys seeing any of that yet and would you expect to see going forward, just again given how quickly and how aggressively the market has fallen off?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No. I think we have seen a rise... I call it, a little bit. But the portfolio, passed dues and losses are still at historically low averages and performing well.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: So would you expect Europe delinquencies to grow up from here?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I mean that's tough to tell, you know what, how the things will progress. So our team is proactively engaged with our dealers and our customers and working through it. So we are seeing a little bit of uptick so far, but the guys will manage that very prudently.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: Okay, thank you.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question will come on the line of Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Jamie.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Hi good morning. My first question; can you guy just talk about the order book in Europe? I think on your last conference call, you mentioned it without overseas, without about a year and I'm just wondering whether you saw any cancellations in that market? And I have a follow-up question after that.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, looking at Europe, the order book has declined and...
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Can you comment how much?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think it's down to probably more historical levels normal levels.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Which would be?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I'd say it's probably down, as we said it was out a year. I think where you look at sort of backlog in total probably about half a year, but that has different frequencies. So I think we are looking at four to eight weeks of bill which we typically look for around the world and then some people will have orders slated in the first and second quarter.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then I guess my second question because you did answer Ann's questions on decrementals which I think were for Europe. On the flip side, I was more thinking about North America, because you're less vertically integrated there. Should we think about the incremental uptick being more in the teens range. And then a follow up, I am surprised... on your U.S. retail sales forecast, how aggressive or positive it is, I guess when do you anticipate us starting to see the orders improve and at what point in '09?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, for 150-ish, this year to even get to 170. It won't take too much in terms of somebody's good customers that will need to replenish their stock as their vehicles are achieving good mileage. So it'll probably be the second half of the year.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: And then trying to answer the question on incrementals in North America, because the concern is Western Europe being down, haven't [ph] hit your earnings just because you're more vertically integrated there. Or is it the gap between North America and Western Europe now because of any internal things that PACCAR shows. Anyway you could provide color will be appreciated.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.I think there will be some impact from the lower build rates in Europe, which will be more than any offsetting improvement in North America.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Is... the teens, is that a fair way to think about incremental?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Let me get back to you on that one. I'll make sure that we give you a right answer. I'm not sure that we can say that right now.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: All right, I appreciate it. Thank you.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Andy Casey with Wachovia Securities.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Andy.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets: Hey good morning, Mark, everybody. In North America, you mentioned the field test for the new engines, for the 2010 engines. Can you comment on incremental fuel economy benefits versus your currently installed 13 liter?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean I think it's probably a little too early to issue that specific information. I'll just say we've got probably 30 million miles of engine operation, and they're performing very well. And it's still over a year away before we'll get our factory up and running. So it's going well. I just wanted to kind of give you a little bit of color because we really haven't mentioned it before.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. And then thanks for that. On the two different technologies that are still being pursued, your side kind of family SCR.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: They got the whole industry is SCR now.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets: With the exception of one, who has been --
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I can't comment on that. I got... let's call it the vast majority are SCR around the world.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. I'm just wondering if you would care to give your view on the differences from your competitors as an example [ph].
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We're 100% SCR and so is pretty much everybody in Europe and pretty much everybody here with maybe one exception. I mean SCR's... if it was a Presidential vote, we'd call it a landslide.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you. On both the North American and Europe markets, it's a little bit different than the question that Joel asked. Are you seeing any short-term change in new equipment pricing dynamics against the weakening market demand conditions?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think it's pretty normal in the cycles. As you know every three, four or five years and have been going on for the last 100 years. And typically, when the market slows down, manufacturers like to keep their production facilities operating at an optimum level and customers are a very smart group. That's why we like working with them. And they will try to take advantage of the changing market dynamics. So it swings round about. So yes, I think you can say that everybody in every down cycle will typically see something... some impact on the margin side and then on the upcycle, you see the flip side.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. Is there, on a qualitative basis, is there any difference between North America and Europe? Is it more pervasive in North America at this point than Europe?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It's like when I talk with our 1800 dealers around the world, every one is unique and we love everyone. But their grades [ph], they are very similar around the world. And I would say that these truck markets follow the same dynamics, whether it is Asia, North America, Europe in terms of the customer dealer manufacturer relationship. They are all the same.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. And then on Europe specifically, you're seeing some consolidation of competitors. The last time that happened, it seemed beneficial for your market share and dealer density increase. How are you looking at the longer term potential for PACCAR with the marriage of the two Germans and the one on Scania?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Outstanding, great news. The two elements we're talking about. One is the... in Europe, with the German consolidation, we're already having many dealer contact us about can they represent our product? Typically, our dealers make quite a bit more margin and have higher profitability. So that's positive. And something that wasn't brought up, we can just mention it briefly is of course the announcement that Sterling is exiting the market. We've... phones have been ringing off the hook with their dealers saying we'd like to work with a company that allows a dealer to make a good margin and we'll see how that plays out. So lots of opportunities as a result of that.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Henry Kirn with UBS.
Henry Kirn - UBS: Hi guys.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Henry.
Henry Kirn - UBS: Wondering if you can talk a little bit about the funding strategy for financial services and how you match maturities, the liabilities with the asset profile and maybe a little bit how much duration risk is there if the credit markets were to shut down here for some period of time.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Well we're very fortunate that we have a very strong balance sheet. We have excellent AA minus credit rating that allows PACCAR continue to support the sale of new and used PACCAR products. We have followed an approach of funding our portfolio with a mix of medium-term notes and commercial paper. We have issued medium-term notes in the U.S. and Europe in the second quarter, Mexico in the third quarter and we just completed a medium-term funding in Australia earlier this month. Commercial paper markets continue to provide good liquidity, mostly in the U.S. and around the world. So we're 100% match funded. We match the interest rate characteristics of our debt with the interest rate characteristics of our portfolio to not expose this to interest rate risk in our P&L.
Henry Kirn - UBS: Okay.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And have been doing it for 30 years I guess. And it's definitely a unique market as you've heard from about every other company. But got a great team and good position.
Henry Kirn - UBS: Okay. And the residual value guarantee liability that you reported in the 10-Qs, is it possible to give the number as of the end of the third quarter and then maybe a little color around how we should look at that in this market of potential challenges in the used market?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We will be having our third quarter 10-Q out of the next week or two. Just normal filing, and I think probably a little bit premature to sort of say what's in the 10-Q.
Henry Kirn - UBS: Okay. But is there a way to discuss how we should think about that liability if used prices are starting to decline because of challenges in the market?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think... you're talking about used truck prices?
Henry Kirn - UBS: Right?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I'll make a comment and Ron might have something else to add. But for U.S. and Canada, used truck prices seem to be stabilizing, which is good. Obviously, they're down from say a year ago, but as I say, we've been in a down cycle since the middle of '07. So they're stabilizing and we have an active program selling used vehicles as they come off lease or repossessed. They seem to be generating some very good results and our residual values versus what we're selling in marketplace seem to be matching up very, very well. I don't know, Ron, you have any other --
Ronald E. Armstrong - Senior Vice President and Executive Operations Officer: Yes,I just would add that we do follow a conservative approach to setting our residual values and that's served us very well and we don't see any particular issues as we go forward.
Henry Kirn - UBS: How conservative is it as you discuss those issues back [ph]. Is there a way to give a metric on that?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Probably not, although we do have monthly used truck sales. We'd love to have you come by and... but I think it's... we've got a very experienced team. And the good news is the used truck values for the Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF products continue to command a 15% to 25% premium over the competitors, which is of course a very important part of our low-cost of operation strategy.
Henry Kirn - UBS: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Peter Jacobs with Ragen MacKenzie.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Peter.
Peter Jacobs - Ragen MacKenzie: Gentlemen, good morning. First question either for Mark or Ron. Can you give us the loan loss ratio, the loan losses that were in current percentage of assets this quarter on an annualized basis and how to compare that with the provision that you are taking relative to the assets?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: All I would say is that the provision for losses is primary driven by our actual credit losses. We have the reserve percentages roughly up just a bit from where it has been. Our loss ratio year-to-date is roughly just over 1%. And as I mentioned, before the last ratio in the last cycle in 2001 was 1.8% and we do not see that getting close to those levels.
Peter Jacobs - Ragen MacKenzie: Okay. And then your reserves as a percentage of assets then that would be comparable with that 1% level then right now?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No. As a percentage of assets, we are over 2%.
Peter Jacobs - Ragen MacKenzie: Reserved?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Peter Jacobs - Ragen MacKenzie: Okay.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And we keep that... that has been that way for a decades.
Peter Jacobs - Ragen MacKenzie: Okay, great. And then, two other questions. Mark, I don't think you talked about this and if you did, I apologize but I look for R&D spending in 2009. Can you give any color around that? Has there been any changes since you wrote a letter to shareholders back in, I guess it was March or April?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Let me have Michael start with that.
Michael T. Barkley - Vice President, Controller: Yes, this is Michael Barkley. The R&D spending is going to continue at higher level than maybe what you saw three or four or five years ago. But it is going to be at level I would say with what was seen in 2008.
Peter Jacobs - Ragen MacKenzie: Okay. So if I guess this may continue through on the rate you have been spending on R&D, that gets me to about $350 million in 2008 and you'd think that it could be about that level then in 2009.
Michael T. Barkley - Vice President, Controller: It would be probably somewhat about that level maybe a little lower.
Peter Jacobs - Ragen MacKenzie: And then is it fair to think that R&D ranks would come down in 2010? I'm just trying to think about how you'd be spending money with some of the new facilities in the engine plant coming on. Can you help me out on you're thinking about that and how we should be thinking about that?
Michael T. Barkley - Vice President, Controller: I think that's a fair observation. Some major development programs will be coming to a conclusion, including engine development and others that will probably result in some tail off to that number.
Peter Jacobs - Ragen MacKenzie: And then a similar then question on capital spending; how should we be thinking about that. Is there any changes there that have... that has come about based on with the current economic outlook?
Michael T. Barkley - Vice President, Controller: Well as Mark mentioned, we're continuing to invest in our factory and other key programs, but we've completed a lot of very important projects and those projects will benefit the company going forward, but they're done and so spending again for those things should tail off.
Peter Jacobs - Ragen MacKenzie: In 2000. And so this we should start to see that tail off in 2009 then?
Michael T. Barkley - Vice President, Controller: Yes.
Peter Jacobs - Ragen MacKenzie: Okay terrific. Thank you very much and that's all I have.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good questions. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Kristine Kubacki with Avondale Partners.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Kristine.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: Good morning gentlemen. Just a couple of quick questions, as most of my questions have been answered. But one of the higher repossessions this is, you'd also mentioned this in the second quarter. I was just kind of wondering how that's trended in terms of North America. Did you see it really accelerate in September or did things drop off later in the quarter?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think repossessions I think are actually slowing down. I answered your question?
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: Did it come down from the second quarter rates?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: Okay. And then just a housekeeping question. Again the cash flow, I see that wholesale credit receivable has kind a took a big swing in the quarter, kind of a $400 million plus. Can you provide some color there and does this concern you in anyway on maybe looking forward on credit losses?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Not that the increase... that's a year-to-date increase since the end of last year. So it's really three elements there. One, we've had increased billed rates during the course of the year in Europe, Mexico and Australia. And as at year end, the factories are shutdown for the December holiday period. And so that provides a lower level of wholesale flowing at the end of the year and that's been... and then the third thing, there has been some delays in customers taking trucks. But our dealers are working closely with our customers and we'll likely see some reduction, as we go forward.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: Okay. And then just a follow up and make sure I understand, did you mention that you talked a little bit about watching Europe, you're seeing that down but as for Central Europe, is your forecast for it to increase next year or be slightly down?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think Central Europe will probably slowdown also and there has been a lot of infrastructure building, some of that is still ongoing. I'm sure you see the press about the different countries in Central Europe and some are in better position than others. But they're still trying to catch up highways, factories, center towns, distributions centers there's a lot being built there. We just opened up a new facility outside of the Budapest and it is going well as it serves Slovenia and Slovakia and Poland and others. So I think that'll slowdown and they are having their own credit issues at the national... country level. But I think they're committed to continue to grow which is driving freight. So and lot of the... not a lot but some of the freight companies in Western Europe have moved to Central Europe, whether it's for better access to more drivers or lower cost of doing business. So, that's also stimulating demand for trucks. But I think no part of the world is immune to the slower economy. So, I think you'll see some slow down, but still compared to eight years ago, there was no market there.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: Okay. Well thank you very much.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question is a follow up question from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hello again Ann.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: Hi guys. I wonder if you could just give us a little bit more color on the comments you made about using the manufacturing cash for commercial paper for the Financial Services business. How should we think about that, and how should we think about capital allocation going forward? Does it change any of the capital allocation decisions?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No. I think that's a temporary situation that we exercise from time to time. We had roughly $150 million of manufacturing cash that we'd utilized this September 30 and that goes... that's...we don't see any significant change as we go forward in how we fund the finance company.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: So you see that as small of a temporary item.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: Not a long term?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: Okay. That was just what I needed to know.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good question. Thank you.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: Thank you.
Operator: And there are no other questions in queue at this time. Are there any other additional remarks from the company.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I just want to thank everyone for their excellent questions and thank you operator.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-22 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Robin Easton - Treasurer Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and CEO Ronald E. Armstrong - Sr. VP Michael T. Barkley - VP and Controller
Analysts: J. B. Groh - D. A. Davidson Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Andrew Casey - Wachovia Securities Andrew Obin - Merrill Lynch Henry Kirn - UBS Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded and if anyone has an objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Robin Easton, PACCAR's Treasurer. Mr. Easton, please go ahead.
Robin Easton - Treasurer: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Robin Easton, Treasurer of PACCAR and joining me this morning are Mark Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Ron Armstrong, Senior Vice President and Michael Barkley, Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls, if there are all members of the media participating, we request that they participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general, economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Mark Pigott.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. PACCAR today announced very good earnings for the second quarter of 2008. In fact it was the sixth best income quarter in the company's 103 year history and the fourth best revenue quarter in our history, excellent results. PACCAR's performance reflects the company's global diversification, world-class technology and a growing aftermarket and financial services business. PACCAR's strong balance sheet and outstanding cash flow have allowed the company to increase its capital investments in new products, enhance facility efficiency and increase aftermarket capacity. We invested over $205 million in capital projects and research and development during the quarter. PACCAR's net sales and financial services revenues were $4.1 billion for the quarter. Net income was $313.5 million compared to $298.3 million last year. On a per share basis, earnings were $0.86, up 9% compared to the second quarter of 2007. PACCAR's after tax return on revenue during the quarter was 7.6%. PACCAR has certainly benefited from having over 65% of its business outside the U.S. We delivered increase revenues and profits from commercial vehicle sales in Europe and Australia. Europe truck sales are robust due to the growth in Central Europe as countries invest in their infrastructure. Our Financial Services business is expanding as total assets reached $11.1 billion. The healthy performance of our finance and after market segments has complimented the manufacturing business. Taking a little longer term prospective over the past 10 years, PACCAR has invested over $3 billion in products, infrastructure and technology to develop and produce the industry's highest quality vehicles and services. As part of this ongoing investment program, PACCAR's $400 million world class engine facility is progressing on schedule and due to be completed in late 2009. This investment complements the company's state of the art engine factory in the Netherlands and will enable the company to manufacture 12.9 liter and 9.2 liter engines for using Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF vehicles worldwide. Taking a look at other programs, DAF will begin construction of a new 135,000 square foot cab paint facility in Westerlo, Belgium. This project will utilize leading edge technology and will ensure that the Westerlo paint facility is a leader in being environmentally friendly. The new cab paint facility will increase DAF's manufacturing capacity by 20% and is expected to commence operations in 2010. As you saw in the press release, PACCAR parts continues to expand capacity to serve the worldwide commercial vehicle markets. We opened a new 260,000 square foot distribution center in Budapest, Hungary last month and that will serve DAF dealers and customers in Central Europe. Business continues to be good but PACCAR is also very proud to be an environmental leader, and to deliver the highest fuel economy in the industry to its customers. Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF are at the forefront of hybrid technology development. Kenworth and Peterbilt medium duty trucks utilizing advanced diesel electric drive system that target 30% fuel efficiency improvement are scheduled for production in September, just a little over a month from now. Kenworth will expand its presence in the environmentally friendly liquefied natural gas market by beginning production of Class 8 vehicles next year under an agreement with Westport Innovations. And all of our manufacturing facilities worldwide have ISO 14001 environmental certification, a terrific achievement. Asia continues to be an area of focus for PACCAR. Our new office in Shanghai is increasing the sourcing of parts and the sale of PACCAR powertrain components to Chinese customers. PACCAR plans to further expand its presence internationally with the opening of an engineering, purchasing, information technology and sales office in Pune, India later this year. PACCAR's conservative credit practices have benefited the company and its customers. PACCAR Financial Services continues its global expansion as the European financial portfolio now exceeds $3.1 billion or approximately 30% of the worldwide business. Portfolio quality is good but parts too account 2.7% at the end of June. The resale value of PACCAR products continues to generate a premium versus the competition in every market we serve. Looking at the global truck markets for 2008, there continues to be a positive economic growth in Europe though it is slowing in Western Europe. We expect the European over 15 ton market to range between 350,000 to 360,000 units, which would be a record. DAF is planning to increase production in September by 5%. We have lowered our 2008 retail Truck sales forecast for the U.S. and Canada to be in the range of 150 to 165, to reflect ongoing challenging markets due to a slower economy. Finally, during the second quarter, PACCAR repurchased approximately 1.89 million of its common shares, for an investment of $89.8 million. And over the last six months PACCAR has bought 4.3 million shares for a total investment of slightly over $200 million. PACCAR has achieved an average annual total shareholder return for the last 10 years of 19.6% compared to 2.9% of the S&P 500 index. Thank you and we look forward to your questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from J. B. Groh with D. A. Davidson.
J. B. Groh - D. A. Davidson: Good morning, Marvey, [ph]. How you doing?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good.
J. B. Groh - D. A. Davidson: I thought the gross margin in the ... on the truck sales was pretty decent considering what we've seen going on with steel prices and anything related to oil. Could you, may be outline some of the initiatives that you're working on now or may work on in the future to sort of defend that margin in the phase of these raw material price increases.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, that's a great question and we addressed part of that in the press release in terms of the ongoing efficiency improvements and of course the investments in our factories and our products and our services to get that 5% to 7% efficiency improvement every year which is a pretty relentless goal, but we have a great team and there are achieving it every year. But certainly, PACCAR like almost every other company in the world has been impacted by the increase in commodity prices and it's difficult to pass reserves along. But of course we are continuing to increase our investments in our factories, we talked about in the press release about Chillicothe, but every single facility we have worldwide is getting investment to make us more efficient, higher quality and of course a big part of our investment in R&D and capital is developing new products that are not only higher quality, more fuel efficient but less costly to manufacturers. So it's across the board, broad spectrum of activities.
J. B. Groh - D. A. Davidson: And then on the global sourcing fund, I imagine that there is opportunities there still?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we touched on it in the press release and in my comments that we're going to be opening an office later this year in Pune and of course we've been in China as we say for over a 100 years. But in a relatively small fashion, and we're starting to get some good traction there, not only on the sourcing side but also on the sale side as people enjoy the benefits of the PACCAR engine. In fact, very pleased to see that the PACCAR engine was voted the best bus engine in China two years in a row. So that's going in the right direction.
J. B. Groh - D. A. Davidson: And if you had the ball park sort of where you are versus what the potential is on the global sourcing, I mean would you say you're half way that where you think you could be or just give us some perspective there?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I would say we're early days.
J. B. Groh - D. A. Davidson: Early innings. Okay. And thanks for your time. Congratulations on the numbers in the tight environment.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks for your questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Otis [ph] with Buckingham.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Joe and welcome back.
Unidentified Analyst: How are you doing?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Pretty good.
Unidentified Analyst: I wasn't gone long. I just wonder if you could talk a little bit about receivables and inventories that showed some jump more than 40% in the quarter and can you just give us a little bit of an idea what's behind that?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Of course as you know PACCAR prides itself on being a logistics leader and inventory turns leader, what you're really seeing there is the very gradual methodical build up of some engines inventory to make a very smooth transition as we go into 2010. This is working with our current engine suppliers to have a moderate and regularly scheduled program of buying engines to make that transition very smooth for our customers and our suppliers and our factories.
Unidentified Analyst: So we're kind of an all time high there and you think we'll start to dribble that down or are we still a little bit in the building stage on that?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, there might be some additions but you've been around the industry for quite a while as we do move in to 2010, obviously that will come down quite rapidly. So it's part of a very measured plan to make the transition smooth and seamless for everybody involved.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. and when are we going to be able to get any hints from the customers about their preference for SCR versus EGR? Can you give us any hints on what to look for there?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the SCR infrastructure rollout is really sort of beginning now. Its early days but we and others in the industry are working not only with the ATA but more importantly probably with customers, with truck stop and fuel providers to put that infrastructure in. And, there might be some choice in 2010, but by the time you get to 2013, 14, 15, it's all going to coalesce into pretty similar systems. So I think right now there's some discussion about it, but you look five years down the road, it's going to be pretty similar emission program going on.
Unidentified Analyst: And that sort of level of confidence that I am hearing from you is that from performance or is that from what you hearing from customers or--?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, of course. For us, our engines in Europe have been running with SCR for quite a while and performing well, very well. You have seen that DAF seems to get lots of awards from engine performance and fuel economy and so and we've got lots of engines out running now and I think it seems to be going pretty well.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And last question, could ... are you going to be able to help your customers transition into price increases in 2010 with a little bit... like put a little bit in '09 and then a little more in '010, just to sort of help them to transition into where we are going to be eventually?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, there certainly will be a price increase. These emission systems are quite costly and of course the let's call it, rare materials are going into them have seen some dramatics spikes. So I think as we have seen over the last 20 years, you put out what will be accepted by the market and you got to figure out the rest by continuing to be more efficient and absorb it in our own facilities. It's a balance.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Jamie.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning. Just a follow up question on the sort of material cost issue. As I look out sort of over the next 6 to 12 months ... from your comments it sounded like the ability to maintain your margins is more a function of PACCAR, PACCAR doing a better job on the operations front in terms of global sourcing or increasing efficiencies versus your ability to get price in the market?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. It's a good question. Certainly, we're working hard as we have for a 103 years to get more efficient, so that'll have a positive impact and... but we're seeing as is everybody who makes about anything it's not just automotives, it's... go to the mall, go to anything that's made in this world is being impacted by all commodities and when that will be tempered is certainly the source of much discussion and debate around the world. So we hope that the escalating prices will moderate and actually come down. We can't say when that's going to happen. So what we can do is work on what we can control and that is be more efficient, have great designs and we've got great relations with our 800 or so suppliers long term contracts for a vast majority of them which has some protection. But we recognize that those suppliers are in business too and their costs are getting impacted. So I think everybody is working very well together and this is going to be an ongoing way of doing business.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: And then can you just sort of talk about your thoughts longer term on this pre-buy that we are supposed to have ahead of the 2010 emissions standard I mean the Northern America economy's clearly worse and while Western Europe has been an area of strength for you guys that economy is deteriorating as well. So I mean, how do you think about that when we think about our forecast for sort of 2009, and then I guess just as a percentage how big is sort of Western Europe relative to everything else, so we can get a just a feel for how much that will impact you?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Just as an aside, I think the financial analyst spend more time trying to get a number in the pre-buy than I find in our industry. So may be we should be coming to you for that number. I think we all, we've been through various pre-buys over the last 20 years and PACCAR has done well in all of them. I think... I am not sure a pre-buy is definitely a benefit for the industry at any level, whether it's the manufacturers, the suppliers, the customers and the ultimate end-user consumers. So as we look over a ten to twenty year range we've got our replacement cycle and size of about 250,000 units, obviously we've had years higher than that and current year is lower than that. So our estimate is that even though the economy is challenging now in North America, that... the just mathematical formulae of vehicles running and needing to be replaced will generate more of a norm towards that replacement figure of 250,000 and if we're looking at 150 to 165, that's a great increase, for next year that's a tremendous increase. Now, I don't know where that fits in terms of what number you have for a pre-buy but overtime, the truck market is growing about 1% faster then the GDP around the world. We expect that to continue and next year in North America, even with a tough economy I think its just law of averages that we will tend towards that replacement cycle level.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: But what about your thoughts especially in Western Europe?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Western Europe, you've got a couple of different chapters in that book. One you've got in Western Europe and then you've got Central Europe and then you've got Eastern Europe and each of those is unfolding at slightly different rates. Whether it's expanding or contracting, Central and Eastern Europe are booming, 20% of our business now is in Central/Eastern Europe. So, that's good and that's why we just opened up a new facility as I mentioned in Hungary and expanding our capacity. So, PACCAR's through its stock group, is market share leaders in many of the Central European countries, whether it's Poland or the Czech Republic. So those companies or those countries will continue to grow and as we look at to 2015, there is some estimate that that market size and Central Eastern Europe will be equivalent to Western Europe. So it's a little bit complicated in terms of what the total...let's call it EU 27+2 market is which is the way most of us look at that right now, yeah, there are slowdowns in Ireland, Spain but that could be compensated by growth in Central and Eastern Europe.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: All right. Thanks, I'll get back in the queue.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andy Casey with Wachovia Securities.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Andy.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Securities: Hey, good morning, Mark. Good morning, everybody. Just follow up on Jamie's last question on that Western versus Central Eastern trends over in Europe. You're increasing that production, kind of into a slowing Western European market that we've heard about from several non truck companies so far. Can you ball park how much of that 5% incremental production increase would be market share in Western Europe versus the continued growth in the non developed regions?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think realistically it's...a portion will be for Central Europe but we're also looking to grow our share which we have about 14% share in Western Europe. So we see great growth opportunities in Germany which is the largest Western European market. We're also grow... growing in Italy, we're growing in Spain even though it's a tough market, the U.K. we are the leader... we are leader in Belgium, leader in Holland. So we're looking to grow in those markets and that's complimented by the growth of Central Europe. So I'd say it's a mix, I don't think I can say it's this percent versus that percent. It's a mix. Plus export business; whether it's the Middle East, little bit of Africa.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Securities: Okay. Then second half of last year versus this year, is there any difference in production seasonality or should number of days be about the same?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, you're talking about for the first half or the second half?
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Securities: Second half, second half of '08 versus second half of '07?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think its going to be pretty comparable. The second half of last year for us in North America, we had some shut down days to balance production versus market requirements. We still have six more months to go this year. But I think it's pretty comparable.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Securities: I guess I wasn't... the spirit to the question wasn't really focused on North America. In Europe you had some production downtime in the fourth quarter to kind of affect the capacity expansion?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Well, we have a Christmas shutdown some years and but the build rate this year is higher than it was last year in Europe. And that's good, we got a lot more demand and we still have a backlog close to a year in Europe. And customers are really enjoying the benefits of the DAF product.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Securities: Okay. And then if can to U.S. and Canada for a minute, your industry forecast is basically on the industry level for sales to continue to decline in the second half. If you look at everything that's going on in the economy, some of your suppliers kind of exiting in 2010 from the industry. Do you think the supply chain could support a significant rebound in '09 if the demand was actually there, not only the replacement demand but some sort of purchase distortion against the 2010 standard?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes I do. I think... as I mentioned earlier, we've got bit about 800 major suppliers around the world and of course we spend a lot of time with all of them and as I think I mentioned on earlier calls, we're one of the few OEMs that actually invest in strengthening their capacity and quality in terms of buying equipment for a lot of our suppliers. So we know the suppliers very well, long term agreements and I think that would be great news for the market to increase, I think suppliers are certainly welcome in. They get more volume going through their facilities and which would help with some of the costs and I think that would be a benefit to PACCAR. So, I think the market... it really hasn't been that much change in supplier capacity affecting us.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Securities: Okay. And then on the very near term in the quarter you had a sequential increase in the provision for losses and receivable in the finance sub. Can you describe the as mainly related to U.S. and Canada, which is pretty consistent with what we've seen in defaults and all that stuff. Unused truck pricing, can you comment on directionally where that's going. It seems like from channel checks its still kind of going down and I am wondering what effect that may have on, not PACCAR's specifically, but industry pricing for new equipment, have you seen any discounting going on?
Ronald E. Armstrong - Senior Vice President: On the used truck side, there has been some modest decline we have seen in the first half of the year. But the PACCAR products continue to demand a 15% to 25% premium relative to the competition which is ... our credit losses are up but it has helped cushioned the effect of those credit losses. The portfolio continues to perform well, reflecting our solid earnings for the quarter and we have lot of confidence in the long term outlook for the financial services sector.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That was Ron Armstrong.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Securities: Thanks, Ron. And was there...would you offer any comment on any trends you're seeing in new truck prices. It seems like certainly with the infra cost increases, the industry in general seems to be trying to recover those and yet we're seeing some market share shifts. I'm just wondering if there have been any aggressive type deals that would explain some of the market share shifts.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Our pricing is pretty stable and we expect it to remain relatively stable for the short-term. But obviously, that's what we're seeing.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Securities: Okay. Thank you very much.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Obin with Merrill Lynch.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Obin - Merrill Lynch: Good morning. Just a question for you, just to follow up on the question on the credit losses. What's the run rate for credit losses in 2Q '08 on the U.S. portfolio, if you could share that?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, our credit losses are roughly, not in the U.S and Canada, running about 80%, 90% of our total losses that we're experiencing. So, that's where we are at.
Andrew Obin - Merrill Lynch: Well, you guys are going to disclose that once you file the Q. Do I have to wait until the Q?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I don't have that specific number in front of me but--.
Andrew Obin - Merrill Lynch: Got you. Another question, are you seeing a pickup in credit losses in the European book?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, the European portfolio has continued to perform very well with continuing historically low loss levels.
Andrew Obin - Merrill Lynch: And then finally, could you remind us as we think about the European market because as you pointed out it's tough to think about the U13, and U27 [ph] with the lump [ph] in Russia. Could you just give us a sense how the markets breakdown now, Western Europe versus Eastern or Central Europe versus Russia, just the markets and the way you are in Eastern Europe and Russian in terms of market share in relative basis. Is that something you care to discuss?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes Mark here, we can discuss that a little bit. Say for Western Europe... well I say we're typically looking at numbers probably 250 to 275 and I would say to get up to the 350 to 360, that would be... well that would be Centrally Europe, Russia might be, it's a little bit confusing because you got a used product going in there also but might be 20,000 to 40, 000
Andrew Obin - Merrill Lynch: Okay and so 20 to 40 in Russia would be on top of this 350 to 360.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Typically that's not being included in anybody's reports because its... lets say those numbers are fluid.
Andrew Obin - Merrill Lynch: Yes, I appreciate it, thank you very much, great quarter.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, thank you, appreciate your comments.
Operator: Your next question comes from Henry Kirn with UBS.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Henry.
Henry Kirn - UBS: Good morning, how you're doing today?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good, how you doing?
Henry Kirn - UBS: Good.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Excellent.
Henry Kirn - UBS: Quick question about hybrid and LNG trucks.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You bet.
Henry Kirn - UBS: How long would it take for them to become significant contributor, what are you thinking of those over the next couple of years?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think that they will have great success there is obviously a wonderful ROI for someone purchasing these or let's say a year and a half to two years and you get a benefit from the government, a tax credit, there is increased cost to purchase the vehicle obviously. Right now they're focused on the proven applications, to stop and go because that's the technology that essentially is recharging the lithium ion battery pack. So, if you're driving around in a city or urban application even utilities, people running vehicles putting up stop lights or what ever, there is a tremendous payback. But looking at that market it's a small portion of the total industry. And we're working with Eaton and others on a Class 8 application but that's still a year or more away and because some of the technology is still being evaluated and developed and that's vehicles running for days at a time with very little stop and go. So some of the new technologies are still under development. It was because PACCAR's also developed a number of other items to improve fuel economy and that is No Idle and that's starting to have some positive impact for many of our customers because as you may know the majority of vehicles that are running around the roads and there are about 5 million of them in North America and about that same number or so in Europe, they idle at night to keep the engine going. So they got heating, cooling, power for their operations and PACCAR's through Kenworth and Peterbilt Group have developed some innovative technologies that you can turn off your engine. You can turn off your engine for eight hours. There is real fuel economy improvement. So there is a lot of work being done and it'll certainly have a benefit for a certain group but for the total market, new technologies still need to be developed.
Henry Kirn - UBS: Okay. That's helpful. Piece for my follow up, as you look at the global landscape, are there any geographies where it might be attractive to add to your presence through M&A, the way you did with DAF in Europe?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We're looking for opportunities and I think we know all the players in the world. But as you know, as you've studied the company, I know you studied PACCAR a lot. The company continues to evolve over the last 100 years into complementary type of businesses also. So I think we can certainly grow our core business but there are plenty of opportunities out there.
Henry Kirn - UBS: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kristine Kubacki with Avondale Partner.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Kristine.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: Good morning guys. I just had a few questions here. One is to follow up on what you're just mentioning last eight years. We've been hearing from a lot of truckers about the progress that anything that will save them fuel like aerodynamic. I was wondering on the penetration of APUs, are you seeing in acceleration in interest, or is it real ...you were taking real orders at this point.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. First of all we don't call them APUs.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: Okay.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's not what we are selling. We certainly have an APU if you want that, but this is a patented design that we have that is not technically APU. But that aside, we're getting orders, I mean we're building these and they are in productions. They're running around the roads.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: And then in terms of kind of thinking ahead of 2010 in SCR, what kind of, one of the things that counts for benefit is the fuel efficiency gain. Can you remind us or have you said openly about what you expect that engine to achieve in terms of fuel efficiency versus say the 2007 engine?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, we haven't. We haven't commented on that.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: Okay. But do you think that there will be a fuel efficiency gain in terms of the SCR versus enhanced EGR?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we certainly are always working on improving the fuel economy of our vehicles every year. And that's a combination of engine after treatment aerodynamics, redesign, that's an ongoing goal of ours and we've been able to deliver that for many, many years but, we're working on that one.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: Okay. And then just one final question, on the construction you say completed next year, and the late next year on the engine plant. I was wondering what kind of expectations do you have in terms for start-up in terms in 2010.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That will be early 2010 for start-up and it'll be a gradual buildup as the way we're doing. We want to make sure that it's absolutely running very, very well through our quality standards and so far it's on track. You drive by on the freeway, you can see a very good looking building sitting there right now.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: Do you have any expectations that you're willing to share in terms of market size?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Meaning in terms of how many engines we're going to build?
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: Right.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we're going to build as many as our customers want. That's typically the way we approach it.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: Do you think you're going to have a hard time converting or how do you go about the value preposition with some of the... cost saving dominated by the 15 liter. How do you kind of come down and sell the smaller, the 12.9 liter engine?
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: Yes. Well, as you're aware, the 15 liter in commercial vehicle's really only in North America. Everybody that is, every OEM in the market is global and certainly we're one of the leaders on that. So it's kind of hard to say that there are so many unique aspects of the North American market versus the world market, consider... plenty of places in the world, you can drive 1000s of miles, there's plenty of places and large mountains and have deserts. So I think we've been sheltered in North America by having very low fuel prices for a number of reasons. Certainly it's benefited our economy, but as you travel the world and you talk with customers who are used to paying $8, $9 and $10 per gallon, they look at 4.50 wishfully and say boy those were the days. I think you'll see some structural changes if you'll say, hey I can go 60 miles an hour, I can go over high mountain passes and I can get a great fuel economy. But it's going to be with what the world drives and that's a 13 liter engine.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: So have you heard from customers a greater acceptance of that then at this point?
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: I think --
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Or it's kind of your evolution--
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think the market is having a wonderful soul searching time evaluating what happens in next 5 years to 10 years and fuel efficiency is one of the key criteria.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: Okay. Very good, thank you for your time.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Appreciate it, good questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Fulk [ph] with Marble Bar.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Ben.
Unidentified Analyst: Morning, hello. Just a question just relating to Europe from me... I have heard from Volvo, from Mans, Scania, Diamler they are talking about orders down 30% to 40%. Obviously this is have more forward-looking, I guess, two questions please, just firstly just really want to get sense of order direction, I mean that all your peers are talking about weakening, not in just in Western Europe but in areas like the Baltic's and Poland as well. Russia is obviously quite strong, but net 30% to 40% down year-to-date so just wanted to have to what extents are you able to offset that, in terms of market share gains. So just want to get a sense of order direction and then the second question is as the 38... 1% [ph] revenue growth in Europe, how much of that was attributable to FX and the underlying volumes of the, I appreciate those two questions, thanks.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, good questions. Well, I'm not sure what the competitors are doing. I know we're increasing our build rates, I'm not sure what they are doing. They may be decreasing but we're the quality leader, we're the efficiency leader, we're the fuel economy leader. So we may be seeing the benefits of customers saying, hey business is still there, is a lot of its growing, let's get the best product we can and that's the DAF product so... so far it looks good. Yes the economies are slowing in Western Europe. We recognize that, we see that, but at this time steady as she goes. Turning it over to the exchange, let me put Michael Barkley on it.
Michael T. Barkley - Vice President and Controller: Now with respect to the quarter, the impact of currency is about $270 million positive and with respect to the first half it's about $520 million. So the growth in Europe ex-currencies is in the 15% to 20% range.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. And just one follow-up question if I may. I think the one of the reasons for the weakling in the 30% to 40% fall off in orders in the last three to four months is that, well all of your European competitors has been largely to do with lead times going from three to four months stretching up to 12 months and so if you were customer why buy a truck now especially given the kind of uncertain outlook of Western Europe so truly wanted to see how you are avoiding it, are your lead times kind of much shorter, like still three to four months. Is that why you're avoiding, what all of your peers are seeing or let me just try and understand why?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think for the last year, the entire industry's had lead times of about one year and that continues. And certainly, we continue to review the backlog in terms of order solidity, but they look good. We're increasing the build rate, but there is certainly a lot of benefits to having backlog of one year but in terms of satisfying immediate customer demands that sometimes is a bit of a challenge. But right now looks pretty good.
Unidentified Analyst: To see in unit terms orders are still up.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Orders are good and our backlog as I say is out almost one year.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: What is good is the orders are still up, you're saying in the quarter or...
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No. I mean we've seen some decline in orders over the last year. But they are certainly not too less to increase our build rate.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, Great. Thanks very much.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Robin Easton - Treasurer: No additional remarks other than to thank everyone for their excellent questions. And thank you operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-22 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth R. Gangl - VP and Treasurer Mark C. Pigott - Chairman of the Board, CEO Michael T. Barkley - VP, Controller
Analysts: Peter Nesvold - Bear Stearns J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson Jonathan Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley Andrew Casey - Wachovia Securities Michael Regan - Janus Capital
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PACCAR's First Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded and if anyone has an objection they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Gangl, PACCAR's Vice President and Treasurer. Mr. Gangl, please go ahead.
Kenneth R. Gangl - Vice President and Treasurer: Thank you and good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the web cast. My name is Ken Gangl, Vice President and Treasurer of PACCAR and joining me this morning are Mark Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ron Armstrong, Senior Vice President, Financial Services; and Michael Barkley, Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls, if there are members of the media participating we request that they participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risk and uncertainties including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would like to now introduce Mark Pigott.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. PACCAR is pleased to be one of the industry leaders for financial performance, product quality, and applied technology. As many of you know, PACCAR is in its 103rd year [ph] and recognizes that while the U.S. and Canadian truck market is currently challenging there will be brighter days. PACCAR today announced good earnings for the first quarter of 2008. The company's performance reflects the company's global diversification, world-class technology, and a growing after-market and financial services business. PACCAR's strong balance sheet and outstanding cash flow have allowed the company to increase its capital investments in new products, enhance facility efficiency, and increase after-market capacity. We invested over $169 million in capital projects and R&D during the quarter. PACCAR's net sales and financial services revenue were $3.94 billion for the quarter, net income was $292.3 million compared to $365.6 million last year. On a per share basis, earnings were $0.79. PACCAR's after-tax return on revenue during the quarter was 7.4%. PACCAR has certainly benefited from having 60% of its business outside the United States. We delivered increased revenues and profits from commercial vehicle sales in Europe, Mexico, and Australia. Europe truck sales are robust due to the growth in Central Europe as countries invest in their infrastructure. Revenue and profits in PACCAR's after-market parts business continues to grow. The financial services business is expanding as total assets reached $10.8 billion and pre-tax profits were a first-quarter record of $67.3 million. The healthy performance of our finance and after-market segments has complemented the manufacturing business. In the U.S. and Canada, truck sales have been negatively impacted by higher diesel prices, lower freight demand, and a weaker economy. The good news is that customers are working through the higher diesel prices as many medium and large customers are beginning to discuss new truck purchases as many of them have not purchased for 12 to 15 months. We have lowered our 2008 retail truck sales forecast for the U.S. and Canada to reflect market uncertainties. On a longer-term basis, over the past ten years, PACCAR has invested over $3 billion in products, infrastructure, and technology to develop and produce the industry's highest quality vehicles and services. As part of this ongoing investment program, PACCAR's $400 million world-class engine facility is progressing on schedule and is due to be completed in late 2009. This investment complements the company's state-of-the-art engine factory in the Netherlands and will enable the company to manufacture 12.9 and 9.2-liter engines for use in Kenworth, Peterbilt, and DAF vehicles worldwide. Additionally, DAF will soon begin construction of a new 135,000 square foot cab paint facility in Westerlo, Belgium. This project will utilize leading-edge technology and will ensure that the Westerlo paint facility is a leader in being environmentally friendly. The new cab paint facility will increase DAF's manufacturing capacity by 20% and is expected to commence operations in 2010. PACCAR Parts continues to expand capacity to serve the worldwide commercial vehicle markets. The construction of a 260,000-square foot distribution center in Budapest, Hungary is nearing completion. The facility will serve DAF dealers and customers in Central and Eastern Europe. At the same time, a 45,000 square foot expansion of our distribution center in San Luis Potosí, Mexico is nearing completion and will enhance service to our Kenworth dealers in Mexico. Switching gears, PACCAR is proud to be an environmental leader as we celebrate first day today. Kenworth, Peterbilt, and DAF were at the forefront of hybrid technology development. Kenworth and Peterbilt medium-duty trucks utilizing an advanced diesel electric drive system that targets 30% fuel efficiency improvement are scheduled to go onto production this summer. Kenworth will begin its presence in the production of Class 8 vehicles for the liquefied natural gas market in 2009 under an agreement with Westport Innovations. And I think even more importantly, all of our manufacturing facilities worldwide have earned ISO 14001 environmental certification, a terrific achievement. Asia continues to be a point of focus for PACCAR. Our new office in Shanghai is increasing the sourcing of parts and the sale of DAF power train components. I am pleased to note that PACCAR was named the best engine supplier for 2008 at the Shanghai Bus Show. PACCAR plans to further expand its presence internationally with the opening of a major engineering, purchasing, information technology, and sales office in India later this year. PACCAR's conservative credit practices have certainly benefited the company and its customers. PACCAR Financial Services continues its global expansion as the European portfolio now exceeds $3.1 billion or approximately 28% of the worldwide business. Portfolio quality remains good with past dues accounts increasing only slightly to 2.2% at the end of March. As I mentioned earlier, PACCAR Financials had a new pre-tax record for the first quarter, even including credit losses in the quarter of $15.3 million versus $9.4 million in fourth quarter of last year. The losses were primarily due to the repossessions in the U.S. and Canada. Once again on the good news, the resale value of PACCAR products continues to generate a premium versus the competition in all of the markets we serve. Looking at the global truck markets for 2008, there continues to be positive economic growth in Europe. We expect the European over 15-ton truck market to range between 340,000 to 360,000 units. DAF is planning to increase production in the near future, approximately 5%. The U.S. and Canadian retail truck market should be in the range of 165,000 units to 185,000 units comparable to last year, reflecting the slower economy and impact of increased diesel fuel prices. During the first quarter, PACCAR repurchased approximately 2.45 million of its common shares for an investment of $110 million. Over the last six months, PACCAR has bought 3.73 million shares, split adjusted for a total investment of over $172 million. PACCAR has achieved an average annual total shareholder return for the last ten years of 18.9% compared to the 3.5% for the S&P 500 Index. Thank you. We look forward to your questions. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Peter Nesvold with Bear Stearns.
Peter Nesvold - Bear Stearns: Happy Earth Day, Mark.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Peter.
Peter Nesvold - Bear Stearns: Don't expect me to sing. Can you go into some detail on what's happening on material costs? I mean steel, copper prices it has been extra ordinary, the run that they have year-to-date and whatever detail you can provide about... what are you under contract for in terms of your purchasing, are you hedged, is that how you are handling it? Are you able to pass it through? What kind of price increases are you getting through the retail channel right now, etcetera?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer: Excellent question. Certainly one that many companies and many industries are grappling with around the world. We've seen an increase in steel really begin to have an impact a few years ago, certainly with the increase in petroleum, it’s affecting rubber products, tires etcetera. But, I would say over the last few years it has been a several thousand-dollar impact on materials, $1,000 to $2,000, which we tried to pass as much of it along as we can. We have the majority of our supplier partners under long-term contract. We've a great relationship with our suppliers, but that's kind of the way the world right now. Obviously it is happening for many reasons, but some of it you pass along and some of it, because of our investment in our facilities we try to compensate by improved efficiency.
Peter Nesvold - Bear Stearns: Well, you mentioned that you are under a long-term contract with these suppliers and I am just curious, I mean, if I am a tier two or three supplier, I am the living definition of stag [ph] inflation right now where there’s just no demand and my material costs are just going to the roof. So, if you are under long-term contracts, but are you giving them relief? I mean how much of their increases are you taking off their shoulders because it would seem to be the longer we stay down at these levels, the more risk there is the supply chain isn't there in '09 to handle whatever pre-buy might emerge.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer: Well, PACCAR and I’m really proud of the purchasing and supply development and Six Sigma teams. We have a very different approach than many OEMs and that is we actively invest in our suppliers. May tens of millions of dollars on an annual basis to allow them to become more efficient to increase their capacity and even more importantly to improve their profitability. And this is a program that we started probably five, six years ago. We also go in and teach them six Sigma analysis techniques. So all of these activities have been able to improve the financial viability of our suppliers and we pride ourselves on having suppliers that make money. We want them to make money, we want them to increase their profitability, and we are putting our money where our intensions are by investing in them, by allowing them to buy sophisticated machinery, whether it's robotics or process machinery, and as a result, the suppliers that we work with are doing, for the most part, very well. We absorb quite a bit of the material cost and in fact we work together to improve their profitability and make sure that we produce the finest products for our end customers.
Peter Nesvold - Bear Stearns: And last quick one, I will jump back in queue. When I look at the provision for loan losses, certainly did take a bigger than expected uptick here, but still only about 5.5% the financial services revenue, and when I look at sort of the worst case scenario back in '01 that was 19% of revenue, do you... what's the risk that we start to rival that that kind of scenario that we were feeling back in '01?
Peter Nesvold - Bear Stearns: Let me just start off and then we’ll turn it over to Ron Armstrong. Obviously compared to the '01, '02, our asset base is more than twice as large, we are much more internationally spread out. We've got a lot more customers and a lot more countries. We are more sophisticated in our credit analysis and evaluation techniques. So, I think your questions are good one but I think we are very, very conservative as you well know and seem to be well positioned. Obviously, we are not immune to the challenging times in certain countries around the world, but we are taking the appropriate steps to keep the business moving forward and really proud of the team. We are generating a first record profit and I would say it's a first quarter profit. Let me turn it over to Ron for a little bit more information.
Ronald E. Armstrong – Senior Vice President: I would just echo Mark's comments. I think the diversification, the conservative approach to our credit underwriting are key to the portfolio performance and we continue to work very closely with our customers on a day in day out basis to help work through the challenge to satisfactory solution. So, actively engaged and continue to see the portfolio perform well.
Peter Nesvold - Bear Stearns: Okay, thanks guys.
Ronald E. Armstrong – Senior Vice President: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from J.B. Groh with D.A. Davidson.
J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson: Good morning, guys.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson: Couple of questions on the R&D, can you sort of give us clues to win that peaks and what are the big drivers, I'm assuming your new plant is part of it as well, some of these hybrid vehicles, and I mean how should we look at that kind of as a percentage of sales are in absolute level recognizing, but you don't want give guidance, I appreciate that. But I'm just trying to get a clue as to where that goes and when it kind of peaks out?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer: Yes, excellent question and we appreciate your support and many other who cover us in terms of our expanded coverage of R&D. So, thanks for the input on that. Throughout the company, we have many initiatives, you mentioned a couple, the new engine factory and the hybrids, but we're also have a very active program to design, develop, and introduce entire new range of products in every product range, that would be Kenworth, Peterbilt, and DAF. So, that's a... those are typically five to six-year programs. We are expanding our parts after market distribution center capacity, we are doing a lot of engine development besides just building a new engine factory expanding financial services. So, I would say that the rate you see now will probably be a normal run rate for the foreseeable future.
J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson: In terms of dollars or percentage of sales or--?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer: I think the dollar side would be what I focus on.
J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson: Okay. Great. And then on the premium vehicles, you're probably going to able to charge a premium, so I would guess given the fuel economy that they are going to --?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer: On the… yes, on the high bridge?
J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson: Yes.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer: Yes. In fact, we will be showing a few of them to our shareholders this morning at our meeting. But typically how it's going to work is, yes if there is a premium for it, many of the customers will be eligible to get some sort of relief from the government if they qualify under certain specifications, and, but the main driver will be the 30% estimated fuel economy improvement, which sort of a strange way of world as the fuel price goes up, there's more money that we're going to save. So, it's going to be, I think a terrific product and we're getting a lot of real, strong interest. People like Coca-Cola and others are already ordering these trucks because their customers are interested in being associated with so-called green companies.
J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson: So, can we assume that contribution margin of hybrid trucks better than on standard truck?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer: Well, I don't know if I want to say that. It's going to be decent but recognize it's still a very, very small part of our business.
J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson: Right, right.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer: Hopefully over time, it will grow, but it's early days.
J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson: Right. Absolutely. Okay, thanks for your time, Mark.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Steinmetz with Morgan Stanley.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jonathan.
Jonathan Steinmetz – Morgan Stanley: Hi, how are you?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer: Fine. Thank you.
Jonathan Steinmetz – Morgan Stanley: So, just a few follow-ups here. I just wanted to go a little deeper on Peter's initial question on the raw material side. I’m sort of trying to understand whether you think that there were a number of increases in steel and another commodity, [inaudible] based commodity etcetera that you didn't really feel in the first quarter because you have some longer-term contracts, but then as these expire will begin to feel them or do you feel like you saw real time in your ability to have productivity and some pricing is offsetting?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer: That's a great question. I think, we sort of pride ourselves on real-time analysis and real-time recognition of price increases whatever facet of the business they happen to surface in. So this has been going on for many industries, as you are aware for a number of years. So the first quarter is nothing unusual, I think, it probably might have been highlighted in the popular press because of the dramatic increase in diesel. That's certainly is very topical and very important to our industry and our customers. But I think, on the manufacturing side, the steady increase in prices has been going on for at least three years.
Jonathan Steinmetz – Morgan Stanley: Okay. So, I guess, that would suggest you'd continue to have productivity and pricing you think compensate for, we don't see some spike --?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer: I think that's a good assessment.
Jonathan Steinmetz – Morgan Stanley: Okay. Let me ask you on the rest of world revenue, I know it's a topic that doesn't come up a lot given the focus on Europe and the U.S. but most of that, I think is Mexico and Australia. Can you just talk a little bit about what you foresee in the back half of the year there, some of these initial changes are finished?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer: Yes. You're right. It is primarily Mexico and Australia. Each of those countries has their own time schedule in terms of the emission implementation. Mexico would be coming up in the middle of this year, and I think, if history is any guy which sometimes it is, we would expect some sort of increased interest in purchases, I mean, every country has its own story. Mexico just implemented a, let's call it an inventory valuation tax program early in the year, which is still being, work through by many companies and many industries. So that's unsettled the market. Australia has seen some slowdown, but now it seems to be rebounding. So, I think both have certainly grown tremendously for us in the last five to six years and are making an excellent contribution. So, I see steady progress there.
Jonathan Steinmetz – Morgan Stanley: Okay. And lastly, just a housekeeping item, can you give the... for the total company the impact of currency translation year-on-year on both revenue and either EBIT or EPS?
Michael T. Barkley - Vice President, Controller: Yes, this is Michael Barkley. The impact of all currencies on the revenues for the quarter compared to the last quarter of '07... first quarter of '07 was $247 million on revenues and $23 million on net income.
Jonathan Steinmetz – Morgan Stanley: Great, thank you.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andy Casey with Wachovia Securities.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Andy.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Securities: Good morning, Mark. Good morning, everybody. I was wondering if you guys could talk about industry pricing trends in the U.S. and Canada for both new and used trucks, especially in light of the sequential increase in the provision for losses and the finance up.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer: Are you talking about transaction prices for new and used trucks?
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Securities: Yes.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer: Well, I always wish I could say they keep going up. I think the good news is that on the used truck side, we continue to enjoy a 15% to 25% premium over all of our competition as we have for probably many decades and if anything is probably widening as we come out with newer exciting models, I think used truck pricing is probably slightly down compared to a year ago, but for us still good, very good. And what you're seeing is a shift more towards the aerodynamic models, which make sense considering diesel prices. On the new trucks, I think the... I don't think there has been any noticeable change in transaction pricing over the last six months. I think the market has been fairly steady as you can see by industry build rates and order income and retail sales. Obviously, compared to the strong market of 2006 they've come down, but I think they've reached a reasonable plateau and as the market improves over time, and I can't tell you specifically when that's going to happen, I think pricing will improve.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Securities: Thanks. Could you also talk about what not necessarily PACCAR, but what you may be seeing in the industry overall in terms of potential discounting on some of your competitors’ part to grab some large orders to fill up their capacity?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer: Well, I don't think anybody has filled up their capacity, I am sure everybody would like to. As I mentioned in my opening comments, we are seeing medium and large customers, well managed, well financed, leads starting to engage in discussion process saying we really haven't purchased for 12 to 15 months. There is a normal replacement cycle that they run their businesses on and they are saying, yes, the economy may be slow but freight is still about a 2005 level. I think that's an important point to make, is it down, yes, it is down from a record level. But we were around in 2005 and I think everybody thought, well that rate was pretty good. Well, we are back down to that level. Freight is good. So as maybe some of the smaller operators are deciding that they are going to try a different business, a lot of that freight is absorbed by medium and large customers, and I think there will be a brighter day in the future.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Securities: Okay. And I mean, I was just asking, I know it's a quick turnaround, but some of your competitors made some highly interesting hires, recently?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer: Well, I can't track all of that, but I just know that we've got the best team, and I'm obviously proud of the PACCAR team.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Securities: Thank you very much.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Regan with Janus Capital.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Regan - Janus Capital: Good morning, Mark. Thanks.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Michael Regan - Janus Capital: First, just a clarification, the translation number you gave on both sales and profits, was that on pre-tax profits?
Michael T. Barkley - Vice President, Controller: That was net income.
Michael Regan - Janus Capital: Net income. Okay. Got you. And then, Mark, if I could ask after making significant share gains in Europe for the last couple of years against an admirable target, shares slowed a little bit in '07. Is that mostly capacity and sort of the rate of capacity you are bringing on as opposed to where your competition is?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer: That is a great question, yes, we are--
Michael Regan - Janus Capital: I started the ones I know you will answer and then I will follow-up with ones I know you won't.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer: The DAF has done a remarkable job as you are aware and winning the Truck of the Year three times and we’re the only OEM to do that. So we are continuing and have invested several billion euros since we acquired DAF, well 12 years ago now, and as I've mentioned in my comments and in the press release, we're increasing capacity another 20%, particularly in the cab paint area, which will have a positive impact throughout the entire DAF organization and that will allow us to obviously increase the number of vehicles we deliver. So right now we are sort of bumping the factory capacity limit, although through investment and efficiency gains, we are able to increase that slightly. This would be a significant enhancement in 2010, and I think we will continue the steady progress towards our target of 20% share.
Michael Regan - Janus Capital: Great. Thanks, Mark.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: There are no other questions in queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer: No, thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-29 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Gangl - Sr. VP and Treasurer Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and CEO Michael T. Barkley - VP, Controller
Analysts: J.B. Groh - D.A. DAVIDSON Jonathan Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley Joel Tiss - Lehman Brothers Peter Nesvold - Bear Stearns Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC Andrew Obin - Merrill Lynch Stephen Volkmann - JP Morgan John Kohler - Oppenheimer & Co. David Bleustein - UBS Warburg Michael Regan - Janus Capital David Campbell - Owl Creek
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's fourth quarter 2007 earnings conference call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded and if anyone has an objection, they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Gangl, PACCAR's Vice President and Treasurer. Mr. Gangl, please go ahead.
Kenneth Gangl - Senior Vice President and Treasurer: Good morning. We'd like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Gangl, Vice President and Treasurer of PACCAR and joining me this morning are Mark Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Michael Barclay, Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls, if there are members of the media participating, we request they participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Mark Pigott.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. PACCAR today announced the second highest level of revenues and net income in its 102-year history and a 69th consecutive year of earning a net profit. PACCAR's excellent performance reflects the company's global diversification, world-class technology, industry environmental leadership, and robust after-market parts and financial services business. During the year, PACCAR set the stage for further growth by investing record amounts in capital projects and research and development. For the quarter, net income was $261.1 million and for the full year net income was a little over $1.2 billion. Net sales and financial services revenue were $15.2 billion. What I’d like to note is this level of revenue was remarkable considering that the U.S. and Canadian class 8 industry retail sales were 46% lower than the previous year. Return on equity for the year was an outstanding 27.5% and return on revenue was 8.1% for the year. I'm very proud of our 21,000 employees, who've delivered these incredibly great results. In a second century, PACCAR is proactively investing in all aspects of the business in order to continue to deliver the highest quality products and services and grow revenues and profits at the same pace as the prior 10 years. PACCAR invested a record $92.1 million in research and development in the fourth quarter. Let's talk about what we're investing in. Three major growth initiatives are, number one, developing a new range of engines, as well as ramping up expenses to meet 2010 EPA and Euro 6 emission regulations. Number two, investing in a comprehensive multi-year program to design and launch new vehicle platforms worldwide These products will update our light, medium and heavy duty vehicles in Europe, North America and Asia. And three, we're working on many projects to enhance our manufacturing quality and efficiency, leadership, as well as developing new business programs for our after-market customer support and financial services. To highlight our increased levels of R&D and provide more transparency in our financial statements, R&D expense is now being shown as a separate line item in the income statement. Now a number of you have asked an excellent question, what are the benefits of these increased investments. Well, as most manufacturers in every industry in the world recognize, there are several. First, typically achieve a lower unit cost. Two, the after-market parts profit is usually greater than the manufacturing unit profit. Three, it enables you to improve assembly and service costs due to streamline material and engineering focus. And fourth, it enhances the performance of the products delivered to our customers due to integrated systems. Finally, one of the real benefits and key advantages for PACCAR is we have an excellent benchmarking process, and comparing our European versus North American production platforms we have found that the European model is more efficient. And as a note, about half the vehicles we produced last year already used PACCAR engines. Switching gears, one of the key enhancements in PACCAR's business over the last decade is its geographic diversity. DAF delivered a record 60,300 commercial vehicles and achieved record net profits. Mexico and Australia also experienced record demand for their outstanding products. PACCAR Financial Europe expanded its portfolio by 13%, $2.9 billion, and PacLease Europe was established with the acquisition of Truck Center houser, a number one independent truck leasing company in Germany. PACCAR also opened its sales and sourcing office in Shanghai, China. As a direct result of the strong global markets and our investments around the world, 64% of PACCAR's revenues last year were generated outside the U.S. Now, continuing on the investment theme, last year PACCAR increased its capital investments to a record level of $427 million. As you're aware, we're beginning construction of the $400 million state-of-the-art engine manufacturing and assembly facility in Columbus, Mississippi and that's on schedule. It will be planned to be open in late 2009 and will produce a 9.2 liter and 12.9 liter PACCAR diesel engines. These engines will be available to our customers in North America, as well as the engine supplied by our excellent suppliers. In addition, these engines will be available to be shift to DAF to meet their growing demand. PACCAR Parts opened its 12th parts distribution center in Oklahoma City and we began construction on our 13th center in Budapest, Hungary. Kenworth Truck Company completed a 30% capacity expansion of his Chillicothe plant and DAF completed a capacity improvements at its assembly plat and opened a $60 million 76,000 square foot engine test facility Eindhoven. These investments will enable PACCAR to meet future market demand and deliver excellent net profits to our shareholders. Turning to technology and environmental leadership, PACCAR became the first commercial vehicle OEM to implement chassis paint robotics first in the U.K. in 2006 and again at our Peterbilt Denton plant last year. Other innovative technologies include enhanced material logistics infrastructure at our PACCAR plants and 20 new world-class engine test cells. One of areas that's nears and dears to my heart and many of our employees is PACCAR's leadership in the environmental world. Peterbilt and Kenworth introduced the industry's first no-idle climate control and hotel power load solutions that reduce emissions by 12% and improve fuel economy by up to 8%. PACCAR was awarded the EPA's SmartWay designation in recognition of the fuel saving aerodynamic enhancements of many of the Kenworth models and Peterbilt models. And as you have seen in the last few press releases, PACCAR's medium duty hybrid vehicles will be in production mid year and are expected to deliver up to 30% better fuel economy. Finally, PACCAR and Eaton have teamed up to develop proprietary class-8 hybrid technology and that will be introduced in late 2009. And as a final note, probably what I most proud off is that every PACCAR manufacturing facility worldwide earned the prestigious ISO 14001 environmental certification. I am not sure of any other manufacturer has every one of their facilities meeting that strict regulation, very proud of our teams. Moving to the business, two of PACCAR's fastest growing businesses are Aftermarket Parts and Financial Services. Parts' record revenues of $2.3 billion last year surged almost 18% as PACCAR vehicles in use around the world grew to 1.5 million units. That's a lot of trucks. PACCAR Financial Services earned a record $284.1 million last year on record assets of $10.7 billion and with PacLease, now in Europe we expect to see continued Financial Services growth in Europe. Looking at the global marketplaces for 2008, we expect the Western and Central European 15 ton vehicle sector to have another excellent year, to be in the range of 330,000 to 350,000 units. Registrations last year were 340,000. And as a note this is Western and Central Europe and Central and including Eastern Europe is almost comparable to India and their growth of 6% to 8% GDP growth. So a very exciting marketplace where DAF is doing very well. The U.S. and Canadian market should be in the range of 175,000 to 215,000 units, reflecting continued economic softness through the first half of this year. PACCAR's other key markets including Australia, Mexico and our export business should experience favorable operating environments this year. Now as you know, PACCAR is all about quality, quality, quality. And even though the class 8 industry retail sales softened in the U.S. and Canada last year, Kenworth and Peterbilt achieved a record retail market share of 26.4%, up from the previous record of 25.3% as well as a record 12.6% in the Class 6,7. Kenworth became the first truck OEM to sweep all three major product segments in the 2007 J.D. Power Customer Satisfaction Study and Peterbilt was ranked the highest for the second consecutive year in the J.D. Power Medium-Duty Customer Study. And there was a J.D. Power Light-Duty and we were in it we would be hoping for a win there also. As we shared previously, PACCAR is the quality leader in all markets and we're increasing our investment to extend our quality advantage. PACCAR's focus on its shareholders and return to shareholders is legendary. 2007 was another exceptional year for PACCAR shareholders. Including dividends and share price appreciation, PACCAR shareholder return was 29.8% and again exceeded the Standard and Poor's 500 return for 1,3,5 and 10-year time periods. In 2007, PACCAR declared a 50% stock dividend; we increased the regular dividend by 35% and declared a special dividend of a $1 per share. Now I have been around a long time and I am pleased to say that PACCAR dividends have grown over 300% over the last 10 years. In addition, during 2007 the company repurchased a split adjusted 6.9 million of its common shares for an investment of $360 million. As PACCAR enters its 103rd year it has a very bright future. Thank you. I look forward to your questions. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from J.B. Groh with D.A. Davidson.
J.B. Groh - D.A. DAVIDSON: Morning guys.
Mark C. Pigott -:
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
J.B. Groh - D.A. DAVIDSON: I appreciate you singling out the R&D cost for the year and I assume that the '07 numbers are going to show up in a filing on a quarterly basis, but could you… when I look at it year-over-year, pretty significant increase, do you attribute that to the new facility and is that sort of the level of spending kind of what we should expect understanding that you don't give guidance?
Mark C. Pigott -:
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You’ve been around.
J.B. Groh - D.A. DAVIDSON: Yes.
Mark C. Pigott -:
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The R&D, well I think we’ve gotten to a size and scale and sophistication that it made sense to break it out, so I do appreciate your comment on that. The facility, I am assuming you are talking about Columbus, really is not even a factor in the… let's call it the capital in R&D that we shared with you. I think as I outline sort of the three major and of course there are many, many projects underway, but the three major areas is the one that we have been working on and certainly investing in is brand new product ranges around the world and that’s been the driver and over time other projects will come in and take their share of the investment.
J.B. Groh - D.A. DAVIDSON: So when I look at the hybrid, your hotel power stuff and new engine, these are sort of things that safe to assume that this level of spending is probably par for the course?
Mark C. Pigott -:
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think that's a great question, I think the R&D will be comparable to the last few quarters of '07 going through '08, we got a lot of exciting projects, and some of its timing... we're working on all new products at all of our major divisions at the same time and over the last 20 years, you are able to sequence those slightly differently but it just came up that at this time all of them are working on brand new products, so very exciting, it can be great for the customer.
J.B. Groh - D.A. DAVIDSON: Okay, thank you.
Mark C. Pigott -:
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Steinmetz with Morgan Stanley.
Jonathan Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley: Great, thanks. Good morning everyone.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Jonathan.
Jonathan Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley: Just a few follow-ups on the R&D, just I hopefully have this clear, what was it specifically that I guess kicked up between fourth quarter and third quarter, because it looks like you're spending in the range... if I average the first three quarters it’s about $55 million or so, give or take a quarter and it kicked up to over $90 million and I'm just trying to understand when you say this range do you mean $90 million type quarters on when I average out for the year sort of $250 million for a year?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think sort of the last, the third and fourth quarter that range.
Jonathan Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley: And what was the third-quarter number?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It was a little bit less than the fourth.
Jonathan Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley: Okay.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. And I think to the first part of your question about what sort of accelerated... just taking on a lot of talented people, we got 2010 emissions are just two years away or less than two years away and DAF has a tremendous track record of being one of the first manufacturers to introduce to the marketplace very new emission regulations and so even though year '06 is really 2012 we would like to get it up perhaps a little bit sooner. And then just having a lot of new product development, a lot of factory enhancement, a lot of parts distribution centers being invested in and adding people there so that's... its really across-the-board very exciting and of course with a great balance sheet, we are able to do that.
Jonathan Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley: And if you add the 10 point sort of when, do you think you start to get a payback from some of this investment, what years would you highlight as sort of the timetable, what you really think a lot of it gets a return?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think a lot of this story is happening in the next couple of quarters. I mean we look at the investment in parts distribution centers, those start returning almost immediately. The new products take a number of years to develop but it's ongoing. As the markets... that the markets are very strong in Europe so we're getting the efficiency investments right a way and as the markets in North America return, those improvements will drop to the bottom line in short order. So, it's sort of near-term, medium-term and long-term, it's just over a number of different cycles.
Jonathan Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And last question is on the financial services side. The provision look like they kicked up here of course your book has gotten bigger but anything you are able to share with us in terms of either charge off rate or delinquencies, we sort of read a lot and hear a lot about truckers having some problem even freight environment any statistics you could share with us?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. First of all obviously even though freight is down, it's still one of the highest years in history and many of our customers are still generating very good profits but the financing environment is uneven to be kind. And we have seen a slight tick in some of the losses but on a very low level. Ken?
Kenneth Gangl - Senior Vice President and Treasurer: Yes. Our finance company portfolio continues to do well and we've seen some modest increase in past due and credit losses in the United States and Canada particularly in the housing sector. But overall portfolio performance is good. Now our write-offs net of recoveries globally moved from $14 million in 2006 to slightly over $26 million in 2007, on an asset base, in excess $10.7 billion.
Jonathan Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley: Terrific. Thank you very much.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. Good questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joel Tiss with Lehman Brothers.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Joel.
Joel Tiss - Lehman Brothers: How are you?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I'm good. How are you doing?
Joel Tiss - Lehman Brothers: All right. Happy Birthday, almost.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You are very kind. I appreciate it. Everything is on the Internet, isn't it?
Joel Tiss - Lehman Brothers: Yes, exactly. I wonder if you could just give us as much color as you can on maybe factors causing the easing of your North American industry forecast a little bit and maybe or another way to ask the same thing, what would be some of the factors that would drive us towards the bottom end or towards top end of what people are looking for?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, I mean that's a great question obviously something that is discussed a great length in many companies, in many industries. But, Ken briefly mentioned that you have got the housing impact and I think we are all aware of the many industries that's affecting. So, President Bush outlined some stimuli of package and that hopefully those who will work that will be good. As certain segments of our customers are directly affected by the housing industry, whether it is for concrete or carrying lumber or light goods going to furnish homes. So when that starts to recover, it will be positive. Car production, pretty much all the big three, is going to have a lower year and most things that get brought into a car manufacturing facility are brought by truck. So that will have some impact and then just, I'd say consumer confidence and let's call it the retail mall sales, what effects that is going to have. So if one of those gets better, then there should be some benefit. As you know, Joel you have been following us for quite a while, we try to be conservative and every month that goes by you get a little bit smarter on what's happening in the marketplace. I would just point out and we've talked that North America is an important market but due to the growth around the world, Europe and of course the benefit of the euro versus the dollar, 64% of our business is now outside the U.S. which is probably a record. Does that help you out?
Joel Tiss - Lehman Brothers: Yes, that helps. Are you be able to give us any sort of even just very ballparky on the profitability of those revenues, 50/50 North America versus not or just any help there?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I would say that because of the volume and production levels in Europe, which you know is our DAF group as you know, versus the lower level that Kenwood and Peterbilt as in Canada that on a unit basis, Europe will be more profitable because of the efficiency but also more importantly just because of the volume going through the factories.
Joel Tiss - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then last question, do you think you're going to be able to help your customers ease into higher prices before 2010 to just to help them cope with what our changes might be coming, so they don't have to absorb it all at once?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think we always worked very closely with our customers. I think what we've learnt as an industry from 2007 and many of our customers, obviously we spent a lot of time with our customers is that 2007 went probably better than almost anybody expected. You know, if you really look at the adoption by the customers of the new engines and after the, let us call it the initial break-in period, the engines are performing well. Many customers would say, you know probably should not have bought so heavily in the "prebuy" and just add more of an even several year purchasing cycle. I think that will play into 9 and 10. So, I think that is actually good for customers, because they don't have money tied up in vehicles that may just be sitting in their yard. It's certainly good for the OEMs and the suppliers, because you don't get into sort of the ramp-up, ramp down scenario. And the cost... I think the industry is very efficient in terms of being able to parcel the cost out ultimately to the end consumer, which is pretty much how the industry works, and so I think it's... I think we've learned a lot and people are taking a much more pragmatic, balanced view.
Joel Tiss - Lehman Brothers: Okay, thank you very much.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Nesvold with Bear Stearns.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Peter.
Peter Nesvold - Bear Stearns: Hi Mark. So, you are proud of the results as usual, I look at the stock chart when you are at 52 week low, stock is down 4.5% today or so. So, there is a bit of a disconnect I think with how people externally looking at the results these days versus how you guys are looking at them internally. And I think one thing that jumps off the page is this truck gross margins being the worst this quarter in six years. And what I want to understand just a little bit better and I know it has been touched on just a couple of times that the R&D… elevated R&D spend, I don't want to put words in your mouth, I just want to clarify it sounds like this runs through perhaps the end of '08, coincident with several new product introductions, bringing the new engine over to North America, investing in order to hit, 2012 in Europe. Would that perhaps, as we exit '08 or thereabout, we start going back to what the R&D looked like before. I just want to make sure that... perhaps we haven't hit some kind of structural inflection point where your gross margins are going to be lower in the intermediate term than what we have been accustomed to.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. It's an excellent question. PACCAR is doing well as I say, second best year in a 102-year history and most companies would be proud to have these results. And I am very proud of the team for delivering them. So thanks for your kind thoughts. In terms of the investment, this is a much more global, diverse company than it was 12, 10 years ago, 20 years ago. and we have many more projects going on. So, I think, one thought is the U.S. and Canadian truck marketplace is down 45% or more. That has an impact on the type of margins you are able to get in the marketplace. There is not a huge amount of demand. There is not a huge amount of business. So that has a definite impact. And I think we need to be aware of that. Good markets tend to lead to good margins. The investment we are making and have been, I mean we've invested a lot for 102 years. I think it's just at more of a little higher level, but looking to deliver higher profits. So, it's not an either or, the investments we are making throughout the company are first of all it's nice to be able to make these investments most companies cannot, but we are able to. So, we are investing it for really a couple of simple reasons. One to generate increased profitability and growth for our company and two to really deliver to our customers a very exciting range of products and processes, and services that will allow us to continue to grow and generate again more profit. So, it's a virtuous cycle.
Peter Nesvold - Bear Stearns: Okay. On the engine strategy, I am not really surprised to hear you are going with SCR in North America, and that's what you are use in DAF as I understand it?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Correct.
Peter Nesvold - Bear Stearns: Doesn't it seem… I mean but one thing I've struggled with this aren't you going to encounter relatively complex engine strategy in 2010 with three different engine makers, we know the Cummins which I believe you continue to use although I guess it's a little unclear but…
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Excellent supplier partner.
Peter Nesvold - Bear Stearns: Okay. So, you are going to have Cummins, which has the existing footprint of the engine, but no SCR you are going to have the DAF or... I'm sorry the PACCAR engine which you we use SCR and CAT technology we are not quite sure what it's going to look like just. Yes, but CAT has gone down its own proprietary path in the past. So, can you support that level of complexity now that you have three different engine families, I suppose two historically, is really do you get that pay back in 2010 from supporting three different engines. Is that sufficient to pay for the complexity that’ll probably be required to cover all three different families?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the good news is we've been supporting three different design packages for quite a few years.
Peter Nesvold - Bear Stearns: North America, I expect DAF on its own… own path in North America.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: But, you can't really segregate them. So our engineering teams globally and there is quite a bit of benchmarking and sharing and collaborating have been supporting three, let's call it, platforms for over a decade and doing it very, very well. So for us, it's really not a change; in fact, I'd say, there's almost no change.
Peter Nesvold - Bear Stearns: [inaudible] a lot of detail in an earnings call but just physically, the pipes and everything is so different it would seem…
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I know but we've been doing it for over a decade.
Peter Nesvold - Bear Stearns: Okay, okay.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: So... and as far as the cost, typically the suppliers bear the cost of preparing their engines for installation into whatever vehicles they happen to sell them to.
Peter Nesvold - Bear Stearns: Okay. And if I may last... slip one last, final question. There was swing on the stock today is the outlook for no growth in Europe and granted, it was the same thing you were seeing last quarter, so it's not really a surprise but I'd say that your outlook for Europe is perhaps more muted than what we are seeing out of the European OEMs. Anything you could help me understand there? Why you are expecting taking the midpoint of your earlier range for flattish production in Europe, '07 versus '08?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, of course, we didn't say we're having flattish production, we are just saying the market will be... we are saying the market could be another record which is always a good thing but we are increasing our production in Europe and as well as continuing to invest to increase our capacity and as I mentioned also, Central, Eastern European and DAF is the market share leader in Poland, the Czech Republic, Hungary and now moving into Turkey and another countries as well as being the leader in many Western European. So we're conservative always have been but what we have said in the press release and the comment is that, DAF is increasing capacity and we're looking for 20% share we are at 14% right now and we're putting in that capacity and capability and efficiency to deliver that over time. So we're very excited about it.
Peter Nesvold - Bear Stearns: And book-to-bill north of one in fourth quarter in Europe, so booking still growing faster than production?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: In Europe?
Peter Nesvold - Bear Stearns: Yes.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes in fact we are quoting a year out.
Peter Nesvold - Bear Stearns: Okay. Thank you Mark.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good thanks, good questions.
Operator: Our next question is from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jamie.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Hi, Good morning. I guess my question just to follow-up on what everyone else is asking, you talked about the investments you're making and how that should lead to improved levels of profitability. And I guess what I am just to trying to figure out, you said we had the near term, medium and long-term bucket, and I guess I’m just trying to figure out which one is biggest, because the thing I am struggling with over the next three years, it seems like your costs are going to be up, your R&D costs are going to up for some period of time and it also seems like as we look at this cycle or we look at the pre-buy leading into 2010, that that's going to be lower versus where we thought. So I am looking at this and saying you know the Street's too high, so I am just trying to figure out, if you could help me, how to identify those three different buckets to see what I am missing?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, first of all, let’s talk about the pre-buy. It'd be great if 2009 did not duplicate 2006, because it meant 2010 would be better than 2007, and that's a win for everybody in terms of a more moderate demand and increased profitability over the cycle. I mean it'd be great for our customers, it'd be great for our suppliers and it'd be great for the OEMs, and that's really what you want. We want the profitability over the cycle, and I think that's probably what you’re looking for also, that more consistent profitability. In terms of the benefits, when we bring on parts distribution centers, there's a benefit almost right away because we are able to stock and ship and satisfy our customers’ demands sort of right away. Capacity enhancements at the factory can once again benefit you right away, there's even more benefit as the bill rates improve and that's a function of typically the general economy. So, we'll see how the US and Canada... Canadian economy recovers. And then adding capacity in Europe, there's so much demand there, everybody is just trying to build as many vehicles we can. So, as we bring on more capacity that benefit is going to happen right away. So that... I would say that's sort of shot, medium term. Longer term, anybody that manufacturers anything in any industry in the world is always working on new products. We've always done it and we've set many, many standards and keep winning the quality awards, so we are working on brand new products as to say light, medium, heavy-duty, North America, Europe, and even products that we can sell into Asia. So, we got a lot of product development. As those come out, those take a number of years as you are aware. We look for great benefit there, so, I think it's actually each sequential bucket, if you will, pull this on late [ph] and we'll make a positive profit enhancement.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: And then I just -- next back to Peter's question on your European forecast, while it's still pretty good in PACCAR, we’ll do better than the industry, is any of your guidance, sort of the flattish year-over-year growth, reflect above increased concerns about sort of the Western European economies?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No. I think Central and Eastern will pick up anything that Western doesn't have, but right now in the truck world, there is the... well the GDP growth in Western Europe is still good. It might have slowed somewhat, but the trucks are not being impacted, and Central and Eastern Europe will more than pick that up.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then just to actually... I am off that. Thank you.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, thank you. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Casey with Wachovia Securities.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: Good morning, Mark. How are you doing?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good. Thanks.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: Good. I've got a couple of questions about top line and then a margin related question. First on the top line, just mainly in terms of growth rate, in Europe you reported all in growth rate was 38% in the quarter. That's down a little bit from Q3's 46%, but up Q2's 28%. I'm trying to understand the very instant quarterly growth rate. Was it Q3 performance really was due to easier comps in the '06 time period that then became more difficult again in Q4 and can you help me with that?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Now, I think what you're getting at is the European growth being slightly lower in the fourth quarter and that's reflective of factory shutdowns that occurred over the holiday period that were used to improve our capacity going forward.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. So, there were actually fewer production days in Q4 in Europe?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Correct.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: Okay.
Kenneth Gangl - Senior Vice President And Treasurer: And the good thing is we increased our efficiency and capacity so we can make more and generate improved margins and more total units. You have to invest in order to grow, that's the key.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: Completely understand. Thank you.
Kenneth Gangl - Senior Vice President And Treasurer: Excellent. Good question. Thank you.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: And if I could for a few more?
Kenneth Gangl - Senior Vice President And Treasurer: Go ahead.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: On the other region, same type of question Q4, 3%; Q3 was 7%, is that a function of Canadian, Mexican earlier comps or did it take some shutdowns there as well?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the other would have Mexico and a same sort of scenario as we saw in Europe. Mexico introduced some new tax legislation, which impacted, well the entire country, not just our industry. And so there were fewer production days fourth quarter '07 versus fourth quarter '06 and I think that's really what you are seeing.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: That persists in Q1?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well the tax legislation is now in effect and this is sort of an inventory valuation tax that is affecting well anybody that has inventory in any industry. So that's now being worked through the system and I think people are starting to get more comfortable with it.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. And then lastly on the margin in Q4 was a down a little bit from the Q3, part of that has to do I am sure with this lower unit production days in Europe and unit volume declines North America, higher R&D expense.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Correct.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: Were there any other factors in Q4 that you would like to talk about?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think you got it. Some factory expenses to keep enhancing them but I think you pretty much encapsulated it there.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: Okay.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And the good news is second best year in our history.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: Congratulations.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Thank you very much.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Obin with Merrill Lynch.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Andrew.
Andrew Obin - Merrill Lynch: Yes, good morning. Just a clarification on your engine. You said that you are going to be using both SCR and EGR, so does that mean that there will be a PACCAR front engine that will not utilize SCR technology in 2010?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, the PACCAR engine will use a combination.
Andrew Obin - Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Of SCR and EGR, so no, we will only have a unitary a single approach to emission regulations.
Andrew Obin - Merrill Lynch: So all PACCAR brand engines will require urea is that a fair statement.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That is a correct statement and if you would like to talk in much more technical detail, we would be happy to take it offline and we've got a lot of incredible engine designers that would love to share their thoughts with you.
Andrew Obin - Merrill Lynch: Sure, the other part of the question. You highlighted significant investments in capacity expansion particularly in North America, and the question I have for you just theoretically how high do you think PACCAR's market share can go in North America, while maintaining its premium brand?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Our number one focus is quality and return to shareholders and that's guided as for a 102 years and what is very satisfying and rewarding to our customers, our shareholders and employees is by adhering to that strategy market share increases because more and more people recognize the value of quality in terms of lowering their operating costs, higher resale values and just ease of attracting and retaining their drivers. So, I don't have an answer for you because it's all about quality and return to shareholders.
Andrew Obin - Merrill Lynch: But in the calculation that you make about better throughput through your factories and all the efficiencies that you gain from that, do you think that the price gap between Peterbilt and Kenworth and the rest of the industry will have to narrow somewhat over the next several years for you to utilize this capacity? Where do you think you can gain this market share with current pricing structure?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We are investing to continue... we are the low cost manufacturer and the high quality deliverer of product, and that's where we keep investing in new products, higher quality, lower costs. So, certainly our teams are very focused on extending their advantage versus our competitors. In meaning, higher quality products continuing to be recognized by J.D. Powers, lower cost, more efficient, faster time to market place for new designs. That's where our energy and investments are really focused.
Andrew Obin - Merrill Lynch: So, you think you can close the gap on just being the most efficient manufacturer in the industry?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Pardon me.
Andrew Obin - Merrill Lynch: You intend to stay ahead just by being... having the lowest cost and you can always… you will be competitive against anybody, because your cost will be better than anybody else's?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That is certainly one element of it and the highest quality. It's all about quality for us. Quality, quality, quality.
Andrew Obin - Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much Mark.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is from Stephen Volkmann with J.P. Morgan.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Stephen.
Stephen Volkmann - J.P. Morgan: Hi, good morning. Just a couple of details here I guess, since a lot of this has been asked. But can you… you commented in your release about the area distribution system. Can you just comment a little more on what you are doing to get that in place?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely, it's a great question. Surely we are working with organizations such as the American Trucking Association, Manufacturers Association, other Industry Associations and also recognize that most of our competitors will also be introducing area. So, this is very much an industry driven initiative. So, then we're working with the chemical companies, we are working with oil companies, we are working with the independent trucks stop operators, we are working with a wide range of different OEM dealer networks to present a comprehensive and coordinated supply platform of area to people driving on the highways of North America.
Stephen Volkmann - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Would you anticipate that that would take any investment on your part, on PACCAR'S part?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think our investment is producing the highest quality product. Typically, say the chemical, oil and independent distributors truck stop operators, they look at this as another customer service and profit opportunity. So, I think they are the ones that are going to be investing.
Stephen Volkmann - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Great, and then just with 2007 now kind of in the rearview mirror, do you think that your customers saw any performance difference amongst the engine from your various suppliers?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think when you boil it all down and there was… as we say in England, swings at around [ph] about the performance was better than anticipated. And coming back to an earlier response to another good question, I think many of the customers we talk to, would say I probably should not have purchased so many new vehicles in the pre-buy and just had a more of a moderated approach. I think the technology is performing and people are happy and customers are making excellent profits, so I think we've all learnt from that.
Stephen Volkmann - J.P. Morgan: Okay. But just to push that one perhaps that further, there's no major difference amongst your suppliers in terms of performance and so forth from your customer’s viewpoint?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Not that we can see. It very much comes down to local support and typically what dealers and customers are used to in terms of selling to the marketplace.
Stephen Volkmann - J.P. Morgan: Great, and then DAF in Europe, do you think DAF's market share in Eastern Europe is roughly sort of similar to Western Europe or is there either an opportunity or perhaps some outperformance in eastern Europe?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, you know it varies by country, in some countries we have in Western Europe... I'll just kind of answer in two parts. In Western Europe we are one of the fastest growing, probably the fastest growing OEM and our shares will vary from over 30% in the UK, Holland, Belgium, to 15% Germany, France, and then maybe 10% Italy, Spain. If you look at Central Europe, we are at 20% share in Czech Republic, Poland, Hungary and probably less than that in Turkey and some of the stans and going into Russia. So, there is so much opportunity, it's very exciting. Of course we got the highest rated product keep winning these Truck of the year awards, it's just a great, great product range.
Stephen Volkmann - J.P. Morgan: Okay great. And then just one quick one on this whole sort of R&D and CAPEX outlook. I guess my assumption was that both R&D and CAPEX were likely to be elevated through the end of the decade as we work on the new engine and product platforms and so forth, and then sort of at least on the technology payback comes post-2010, when you start getting your vertical integration out there, you get to start to play in the parts business from the new engine and so forth, but that is clearly going to be a little future out there. Any comment on that observation?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we are looking for excellent profit return in all these investments and have a great track record of achieving excellent profit return. And as I mentioned to one of the earlier questions, there are different sequences and cycles depending on which capital investments or which expenses associated with different projects. Parts return almost immediately, you build something and you go out and work with the customers and sell more parts. Factory capacity and efficiency enhancements are short-term, medium-term, and long-term, they don't go away. New product development is more medium long-term. So, I think you are right in the assumption that we are growing, we were 16,15,17 billion in that range. We are looking to grow, that certainly has always been our focus. We want to grow our profits even faster than revenues. We have been able to achieve that for many decades. And you have to invest in order to grow. I know that some people were interested in let's call it breaking out of the R&D, but we've always had strong R&D, strong capital investment forever. I guess we are just maybe making it a little more transparent and that's what's maybe causing a little more interest.
Stephen Volkmann - J.P. Morgan: Transparency. I appreciate it and thank you.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Right, good question. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is from John Kohler with Oppenheimer & Co.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning John.
John Kohler - Oppenheimer & Co.: Good morning. How are you?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good. Thanks.
John Kohler - Oppenheimer & Co.: Good. Quick question. Can you give a figure on 30-day delinquencies for the on balance sheet credit?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We typically don't break that out for public consumption.
John Kohler - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. Is it comparable to PACCAR Financials credit performance? Is there a material difference between the two?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I'm a little bit confused on the question then.
John Kohler - Oppenheimer & Co.: Well, if you don't break out the 30-day delinquencies...
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We break it out internally.
John Kohler - Oppenheimer & Co.: No, but if you don't allow for public consumption, is it... can I draw an inference from how PACCAR Financials credit performance is filed in the Qs with the SEC?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Good question.
John Kohler - Oppenheimer & Co.: Is that comparable?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: As Ken mentioned, we are experiencing somewhat higher past dues in North America and very strong performance and lower past dues in the rest of the world. So, on balance our past dues on the overall portfolio are up compared to last year, but not a significant amount.
John Kohler - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay, because the September figure showed 30-day delinquencies at 1.34%, which is up from 0.84% in a year-ago period in September. I imagine those got a little worse.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, well I think as we had mentioned, we've doubled the size of our portfolio in the last five, six years and we are very conservative in terms of the funding requirement that we're looking at from our customers, but were in excellent position and very proud that PACCAR Financial delivered another record year.
John Kohler - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. So is it safe to assume then the overall portfolio is running about 1% or so, 30-day delinquency?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, no, not at all. I'm not sure where you are getting that figure from. No, I mean, our portfolio is in fantastic shape.
John Kohler - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. Thanks.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: All right. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from [inaudible].
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning Mark. Thanks for your time. I had a question on the financing side. I was wondering if you could tell us what proportion of your US sales you have actually in Finance?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Typically 20%, 25%, 30%.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. That's helpful. And then, of the one that you don't finance, do you know is that because people don't want the financing or is it more because you have turned them down as being kind of full credit quality?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It's a whole range of answers. There is no one; I bet there is ten different scenarios on the finance selection by the customer.
Unidentified Analyst: I mean, if you have to pick kind of the largest explanation, is it more coming down more or…
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It is basically a relationship with a home bank.
Unidentified Analyst: Do you think there is a lower credit quality people… the question is that you finance yourselves and you are worried about potential source of buyers exiting the market as credit standards tighten?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Not really. No, no, we got great customers, we love our customers and we are working hard to provide a full service to them, and that would be financing, leasing, will even manage their inventory for them.
Unidentified Analyst: And the last thing I had was on your own standards and we keep telling that banks and mortgage providers on consumer credit, the bill that the standards are all being tightened across the US, have you guys implemented a tightening of standards yourself or is that something you'll only like to do this year if need be?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think we pride ourselves in probably having the most conservative standards in the financial industry and have for decades and decades. When you get into a turbulent financial market as we have seen around the world, certainly we review it and make some enhancements to our programs, that… they are very conservative. They are probably the most conservative in the industry. So, we will make enhancements, but as Ken indicated a very strong portfolio and we are moving forward.
Unidentified Analyst: Excellent, thanks for the time.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, appreciate it, good questions.
Operator: Our next question is from David Bleustein with UBS Warburg.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning David.
David Bleustein - UBS Warburg: Good morning. Quick question for you. How do you sketch out PACCAR's growth path or do you have any designs on getting bigger in the military business and/or in Asia?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, excellent question. Asia of course we have been there over a 100 years. We are a steady supplier in Asia, particularly in the more rigorous off road applications but also component sales. We opened an office in Shanghai to complement the one we have in Beijing. We are taking a strong look at India and with the world-class power train that we have, we are getting ongoing inquiries from people saying, like to purchase it and so we are selling some to bus manufacturers and other end customers. We are also starting to sell some of our, let's call it on highway product into Asia. So, that's an exciting growth market where I think everybody is aware that Asia is strong, but particularly China is still dominated by state-owned companies. So, over time that will evolve. In the military, we've had a strong presence in military, particularly in the 30s, 40s, 50s, we do some military in Europe, but don't really have any plans to do military in North America at this time.
David Bleustein - UBS Warburg: Terrific. Thanks.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Regan with Janus Capital.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Michael.
Michael Regan - Janus Capital: Hi Mark how are you?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good thanks. How are you doing?
Michael Regan - Janus Capital: I missed in your earliest comments. Did you actually give the R&D by quarter for the first three quarters of the year and can you give us any R&D numbers for the past few years?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, we did not give… and you're talking about 2008?
Michael Regan - Janus Capital: No, R&D by quarter, the first three quarters of ' 07.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We did not give those out and of course you will get them in the quarterly comparisons of '08-'07.
Michael Regan - Janus Capital: Well, Mark in the spirit of disclosure, let's not wait till the first three quarters of ‘08 to get the last three quarters of ‘07. And in the spirit of disclosure it will be really helpful if we could get R&D broken out going back, I would ask for ten years just so we can get some perspective through the cycle of what R&Ds look like, that would be helpful.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I appreciate your input.
Michael Regan - Janus Capital: Thank you.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up question from Jonathan Steinmetz with Morgan Stanley.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Jonathan.
Jonathan Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley: Thanks Mark, just a few others here. In the other bucket of revenue, which is about $3.5 billion for the year, can you just talk a little bit about, you gave a forecast for Europe, forecast for the US and Canada markets. Can you talk just basically what you see in Mexico and Australia, which are pretty important markets for you in the other bucket.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Of course Australia and Mexico both either have or have had their own emission regulations, and so last year Australia very strong, maybe a prebuy, but that continues to be strong down there. Mexico has the emissions coming up midyear of this year. They are working through the new tax capital inventory legislation that is really impacting every industry in Mexico, but over the next month or two that will work through. So, there will be I think another strong market in Mexico; of course Mexico continues to grow, so I think both good, solid markets.
Jonathan Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And did you give the impact of currency translations, specifically the euro on revenue and also EBIT in the quarter year-over-year?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. We've got those. The impact on revenues for the quarter was about $240 million and our net income was $25 million and for the year it was $630 million and income was about $70 million.
Jonathan Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley: Great. Thank you very much.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. Good question.
Operator: Our next question is from David Campbell with Owl Creek.
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, David.
David Campbell - Owl Creek: Good morning. Thanks. I have got a currency related question too. Could you discuss what effect on you over the long-term currency exchange rates like the dollar, euro has on and how you expect market share and cost competitiveness to change over time?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think that is a great question, one of the... PACCAR is in a very fortunate position, because first of all we are the low-cost manufacturer in every market in which we manufacture. So, that's Mexico, US, Canada, Holland, Belgium and England. And we are typically not really shipping too many parts or components back and fourth. So, we are not trying to arbitrage the currency change. Now one of the potential benefits is as we bring our Mississippi engine plant on stream, it could be, I will just say could be a source of engine for DAF if there is maybe the currency is... exchange rates the correct way.
David Campbell - Owl Creek: I guess in speaking with your North American competitors who are going to address 2010 engine emissions without FDR, they claim that FDR adds as much as $10,000 to the cost of making the truck. I wonder if you could...
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I don't know who that is, because Mercedes is using as well as Volvo, they are having a whole lot of competitors out there.
David Campbell - Owl Creek: Navistar, and again I am not an engine engineer, so I just...
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I can't really comment, because I don't think they publish financial results. I am not sure what they are doing.
David Campbell - Owl Creek: Can you tell me your opinion on difference in cost between an in-cylinder solution and an FDR solution in Class 8 for example?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think we have had great success with that strategy and as every other major competitor has also adopted it. So, I think it really stands that it seems to be the preferred solution going forward.
David Campbell - Owl Creek: Directly to my question...
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We don't have that cost broken out at this time.
David Campbell - Owl Creek: Can you... and maybe this is going to perhaps… people who followed your company more closely are going to know the answer. I apologize if this is kind of a one-on-one level question, but why did you decide on FCR considering it is more complex?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I am not sure it is more complex and also we of course we are standard with it in Europe and having great success.
David Campbell - Owl Creek: So, is it fair to say that the fact you are already using it in Europe made it kind of unfair playing field between the two technologies?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, I won't say that's fair. I would say it is a very proven engineering solution to a complex problem that we have done a great job of engineering and it is providing excellent benefits to our customers.
Unidentified Company Representative: Are there any more questions?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Not for me.
Operator: There are no other questions in queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company?
Mark C. Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No. We thank the participants for their excellent questions and thank you operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-24 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Cathy MacLeod - Treasurer Mark Pigott - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Ron Armstrong - Vice President, Financial Services Michael Barkley - Vice President Controller
Analysts: Peter Nesvold - Bear Stearns J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson Joel Tiss - Lehman Brothers Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Robert Toomey - E.K. Riley Investments Jon Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets David Bleustein - UBS Steven Volkmann - JP Morgan Denovo Santiago - Massway Capital Garrett Stevens - Giovine Capital Jeff Glass - Birchway Capital
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PACCAR's Third Quarter 2007Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until thequestion-and-answer section. Today's call is being recorded (OperatorInstructions). I would now like to introduce Ms. Cathy MacLeod, PACCAR'sTreasurer. Ms. MacLeod, please go ahead.
Cathy MacLeod: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening byphone and those on the webcast. My name is Cathy MacLeod, Treasurer of PACCAR.And joining me this morning are; Mark Pigott, Chairman and Chief ExecutiveOfficer; Ron Armstrong, Vice President, Financial Services; and MichaelBarkley, Vice President Controller. As with prior conference calls, if thereare members of the media participating, we request that they participate in alisten-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-lookingand involve risks and uncertainties including general economic and competitiveconditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce MarkPigott.
Mark Pigott: Good morning. PACCAR today announced a very good revenue andprofit for the third quarter and the first nine months of 2007. PACCAR'sperformance reflects positive contributions from the company's globaldiversification, continued double-digit growth of worldwide aftermarket partsand Financial Services revenues and innovative new products. The first nine months of the year, PACCAR earned excellentnet profits of $966.2 million on revenues of $11.46 billion. These nine-monthearnings are the second best in the company's 102-year history. We're very proudof the team. PACCAR shareholders earned over 32% return during the nine months,first nine months of this year and 56% over the prior 12 months. In comparison, the S&P returned 9% and 16% for therespective periods. PACCAR has increased its regular quarterly dividend by 35%during the year, and averaged a 20% dividend increase every year in the lastdecade. We are pleased to have earned a compound annual growth rate of 22.2% inthe last decade, compared to 7.7% for the S&P 500. Turning to the third quarter, revenues were $3.76 billionand net income was $302.3 million. On a per share basis, adjusted for therecent 50% stock dividend, earnings were $0.81. PACCAR's after tax return onrevenue during the third quarter was an industrial leading 8% that's after tax. The positive impact of the stronger euro on quarterlyrevenues was $116 million. Strong GDP growth in Europe, Asia and North Americacontributed to our results. PACCAR realized strong earnings from sales of itspremium products and services in Europe, Mexico, and Australia in the thirdquarter, moderated by soft market conditions in the U.S. and Canada. Assets in the Financial Services business expanded to arecord $10.7 billion during the quarter and generated record pretax profits of$73.4 million, a 10% increase over last year. PACCAR's worldwide aftermarketparts revenue continued its double-digit growth rate this quarter and isgenerating excellent profits, as PACCAR's population of our vehicles is nowover 1.5 million units worldwide. Turning to the European Union, which is our largest market,it now encompasses 27 countries and is generating robust demand asinfrastructure, investment and freight traffic are at record levels. DAF hasestablished itself as a quality leader and is recognized delivering the lowestcost of operations for its customers. Responding to strong industry demand and the expanded EU forvehicles above 15 tons, DAF has obtained record build levels during the year.With this award-winning model XF105 DAF leads the industry in market share forthe tractor segment this year. The EU economy continues to perform well, andthe 27 EU countries should achieve a record year of 320,000 units. 2008 truck sales are estimated to be a record level of330,000 to 350,000 units. Those of you who have been following PACCAR for thelast 10 years or so, certainly realize that the company has significantlyenhanced its product range and global markets. We now sell into over 100countries. And due to the growth of the world markets and PACCAR'ssuccess in those markets, the U.S. and Canadian truck markets are just a lotsmaller portion of PACCAR's business approximately 30% on a revenue basis. Aspreviously discussed, Class 8 industry sales in the U.S. and Canada will be inthe range of 175,000 to 185,000 units this year. The good news is that next year is estimated to be 210,000to 240,000 units which is approximating a normal annual replacement volume. Andeven better news, PACCAR continues to increase its market share in the U.S. andCanadian Class 8 retail sales. Our share is now a record 26.5% up from aprevious record of 25.3% last year. And for the last four months, it has beenover 30%. There's been some discussion in the industry about freightton-miles. I thought we would address that. Looking at fright ton-miles on anormalized basis in the U.S. If last year was 100 and it was a record level,this year it's 95 so 5% down still freight traffic with many of our customersachieving record profits. Taking a longer-term view. Over the past 10 years PACCAR'sinvestment in technology, facilities and innovative new products and serviceshave expanded our worldwide capabilities benefiting our customers and providinglong-term growth and excellent cash flow. The pace of investment is increasingwith many current projects underway. PACCAR's $400 million engine production facility andtechnology center is under construction in Columbus, Mississippi. Thisstate-of-the-art facility will incorporate leading edge diagnostic and trackingtechnology to produce, monitor and service the highest quality 9.2 liter and12.9 liter PACCAR diesel engines. Kenworth and Chillicothe completed its 105,000-square footfacility addition. The new assembly plant is achieving productivity gains of30% by adding robotics, single touch material handling and the use of RFIDtracking. PACCAR is building its 13th parts distribution center nearBudapest Hungary, a country, which is rapidly investing in all phases of itseconomy. Our new 270,000-square-foot center, which is scheduled to be openednext year, will be equipped with advanced inventory management and logistictools and is located to serve the fast-growing DAF market in central andEastern Europe. One of the things that I think I'm most proud of for thePACCAR team is the company and its employees being recognized as globalenvironmental leaders. DAF, PeterBilt, Kenworth, Parts, IT Parts have allshowcased outstanding new hybrid vehicles for both the medium and heavy dutymarkets at recent transportation shows and forums. DAF earned the distinction of being the first manufacturerto deliver 2009 emission-compliant vehicles in the European market. Kenworthand PeterBilt will be delivering medium-duty hybrid vehicles next summer. And ayear or two after that, PACCAR and Eaton have joined together to develop hybridvehicles for the heavy-duty market. In addition to these new products, five of PACCAR'smanufacturing and assembly plants have been ISO 14001 certified which is theinternationally recognized standard for environmental management. All PACCARplants are expected to earn the ISO 14001 certification in the next six months. Turning to our products and our great customers, as youknow, all of PACCAR products have established a reputation for outstandingquality and low cost of operations for our customers. During the third quarter,I am pleased to note that Kenworth swept the J.D. Power Awards for highestcustomer satisfaction. PACCAR has earned 23 J.D. Power Awards. The nearestcompetitor has earned just nine. And turning to our shareholders, a great group. During thequarter PACCAR completed its $300 million share repurchase program with therepurchase of 4.58 million shares adjusted for the stock dividend for aninvestment of almost $250 million. And over the past three years, PACCAR hasinvested $978 million to repurchase 27.4 million shares and pay over $1.7billion in dividends to our shareholders for a total return of over $2.7billion. All in all, a very strong, solid quarter, plenty ofopportunities. PACCAR is pleased to have earned the second-best nine monthsresults in its 102-year history and we are accelerating our investments to build a strong and vibrant future. Thank you. I look forward to your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instruction) Your first question comes from PeterNesvold with Bear Stearns.
Peter Nesvold - Bear Stearns: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Pigott: Good morning, Peter.
Peter Nesvold - Bear Stearns: Maybe if we can drill down to Class 8 in North America for aminute. And when I look normally from 2Q to 3Q, PACCAR's production is aboutflat, maybe up slightly. This quarter, you were down about 14% or sosequentially by our estimates. As you look into fourth quarter, how does the run rateproduction progress from here? Are you flat again for 3Q to 4Q? That’s normallylooks like, what you normally, maybe down 1% or so. But given the build ratesas you exited the quarter, do you see any adjustments to those in the fourth quarter?
Mark Pigott: Well, we certainly adjust according to customer demand, andas we indicated in the press release, you know market is what it is, 175, 185.So, there might be some adjustment required to lower it slightly. The good newsis, we continue to increase production at our plants around the world, andthat's having a very positive impact.
Peter Nesvold - Bear Stearns: Actually that tells, I think, well into the second questionI have.
Mark Pigott: I was trying to help you out here.
Peter Nesvold - Bear Stearns: No, I understand. I am just trying to get to the truth.
Mark Pigott: You got it right there.
Peter Nesvold - Bear Stearns: When I look at Europe, and you talked in the release and youmentioned it before you increased your production capacity in Eindhoven --engines effective June. So, from third-quarter levels in Europe how quickly and how much can you continue to expand yourproduction capacity over there?
Mark Pigott: Well, it is an ongoing program. We are also increasingcapacity at our Leyland facility in the U.K. And it is a fantastic facility aswell as Westerlow in Belgium. So, we are continuing to ramp up our production.I don't have a specific figure to give you on that. Whereas, The Rye show isgoing on in Amsterdam. Today is press day, and we will be showing some excitingnew products. But everybody is doing well in Europe and DAF is certainlypleased to be the quality and resell leader, and we are going to continue toinvest in the company to increase capacity.
Peter Nesvold - Bear Stearns: When I look at that -- at the increase of capacity, I guess,it is more on the test sales, it looks in the release?
Mark Pigott: That is correct.
Peter Nesvold - Bear Stearns: Effective June. So, was there a step change increase in theproduction capacity in 3Q that went effective as of that time which kind ofcontinues to trend flat, gradually upward or was there no such kind of stepchange increase?
Mark Pigott: No, we have continued to increase capacity really throughbecoming more efficient, and, of course, many, many investments throughout allof DAF and Leyland. So I think you are correct. We’re increasing capacity andproduction.
Peter Nesvold - Bear Stearns: Okay. But I want to get little more specific here. I mean,when you talk about efficiency, I think of that, I think okay kind of low digittype percentage in increases in production capacity. I just want to understand,was there anything in 3Q that might have driven something more significant,high single-digit type increasing production value from 2Q to 3Q in Europe?
Mark Pigott: I think, we have been very fortunate to have a great teamsworking and achieving about 5% to 7% efficiency improvements over the course ofyear in, year out. And, I think that kind of range is what you’re probablylooking at.
Peter Nesvold - Bear Stearns: And in terms of pricing of that, I have to believe it’spretty strong. We heard from Volvo this morning, European booking is up 90% in3Q for them. When does, I am assuming you are getting a step increase inpricing. Can you quantify it and when does it kind of roll through theproduction?
Mark Pigott: Well, I am not sure what any of our competitors are doing,but its nice being with DAF, the quality leader. So, we have seen someimprovement in -- in margins and pricing. And, when you take a littlelonger-term view of Europe, and when we say Europe, we’re really talking about27 countries now, which I think is an important distinction to make. You got a lot of growth going on particularly in thatCentral and European van and of course Western Europe is too 2% GDP. It lookslike for the next three to five years it should be, reasonably good.
Peter Nesvold - Bear Stearns: Maybe I will revisit that at the end of the call, if thereis some time.
Mark Pigott: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from J.B. Groh with D.A. Davidson.
J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson: Good morning, Mark. Congratulations on the quarter.
Mark Pigott: Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson: I had a question on your kind of penetration goals for newdomestically produced engine and what are your thoughts there, you know, therehave been some rumors of someone leaving the market and that sort of thing? Iwanted to get a feel for what you think that could be eventually?
Mark Pigott: I have been around here so long, I am sort of immune torumors anymore. The exciting news for us is we have got great engines. Webelieve they are the best in the world. Certainly, in the European market theyare regarded as the best. Even our competitors grudgingly say that. So that’sthe engine we are bringing over to put in Kenworth and PeterBilt trucks. Our customers and dealers are very excited about it. In factmany of our suppliers have embraces an opportunity to grow their business withthe opportunity, it is very positive. In addition, depending on what the dollardoes, it might be a real exciting opportunity to expand DAFs capacity byshipping engines from Mississippi over to Europe. But, of course, that is alittle bit dependent on exchange rates at the time. So, our goal is to provide our customers with the bestproduct in the marketplace, and we feel confident with this engine they aregoing to be getting exactly that.
J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson: I mean, is it safe to say that you think you can get athird?
Mark Pigott: We don't go out as you know you’ve been following us, wedon't come out with a specific number, but we look at it this way, at DAF wehave 100% share.
J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson: Okay. And then you have been pretty active on the sharerepurchase front. And looking out to the regular special dividend in Q4, howshould we think about the payout ratio and return to shareholders. Does thefact that you have been pretty active on the repurchase front lower thattraditional payout you get for the full year?
Mark Pigott: I can't really comment on it. But I will give you a goodcounter boy, because that’s the first time I think I heard anybody ever sayregular special dividend. I haven't been able to bring that in my lexicon now.But as far as any other items I really can't comment.
J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson: Thank you, Mark.
Mark Pigott: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question from Joel Tiss with Lehman Brothers.
Mark Pigott: Joel, good morning.
Joel Tiss - Lehman Brothers: Good morning. How are you.
Mark Pigott: Good, thanks. You have a big game coming up here tonight. Idon't know if you were going to switch your allegiance or not.
Joel Tiss - Lehman Brothers: I don't know. I still like the Mets. Can you give us just alittle help on the margins declining the Financial Services business?
Mark Pigott: In the financial services business?
Joel Tiss - Lehman Brothers: The operating margins.
Mark Pigott: Okay.
Ron Armstrong: Yeah, the margins continue to be strong. We are -- our newbusiness volume is still generating strong margins. We are getting anincreasing share of the PACCAR products that are sold. And the portfoliocontinues to perform well and inline with our expectations.
Joel Tiss - Lehman Brothers: Is the growth that you are experiencing coming at reducedmargins to the existing business?
Ron Armstrong: No, no, the new business volume is being added on and isgenerally in line with our expectations and recent historical marginpercentages.
Mark Pigott: And Joel, if you look at it, of course, the finance groupsachieved record income as, if you know. And we are seeing very strong growth,particularly in Europe, because we just have been there for, five or six years,and then just looking back to the middle of the Summer, when we acquired the leasing company in Germany. That is starting to gain some traction. That's verypositive. So, you know, record results and good all the way around. I think,let me just ask Ron to comment because obviously there is lots of discussion inthe financial community about, let's call it turbulent market. maybe Ron cangive you a little flavor on how well positioned PACCAR is.
Ron Armstrong: In the U.S. as well as the other capital markets, what wehave seen recently is a flight to quality by investors wanting to buy PACCAR'scommercial paper and medium-term notes. Our excellent double Aminus credit rating has given us aneven greater cost advantage against many of our competitors and our peers,sometimes a 100 basis points and more. And as I've said our portfolio continuesto perform well. Thinking about your question about margins, what you maybeseeing is just a fact of interest rates are up on both the revenue and costside, and that's the effect I think you are seeing. Does that help you out?Joel?
Operator: We may have lost Mr. Tiss.
Mark Pigott: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Move on to the next question, Mr. Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse.
Mark Pigott: Good morning, Jamie.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Good morning. I didn't think I was missed or, but nothinghas changed nothing has changed over here. But I guess my first question speaksto, I guess goes to the strength of the European markets. Mark, can you justtalk about any possible capacity constraints you are seeing or supplierconstraints you are seeing over there and is that limiting your ability to meetdemand?
Mark Pigott: That is a great question. I think one of the strengths and Ithink one of the unique strengths of PACCAR is our relationship with oursuppliers, where, we are investing many millions of dollars. It could be $20 million, $30 million, $40 million per yearin our suppliers to help them achieve improved quality, capacity, andprofitability, that’s a byline you don't see in many industry particularly inthe automotive type of industry. So I think everybody is working very hard through the entirelogistic chain to increase their capacity, and it is never just a linearprocess. So I think as one of the fellows early on said you have different stepchanges, but I think people are looking out 3 to 5 years saying, it should be a pretty good market throughout Europe. And we are certainly working with our suppliers to increasetheir quality and capacity and profitability. So I think we might be in bettershape than many of our competitors. 
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then I appreciate you including central Europe inyour outlook in terms of your retail sales forecast for Europe in 2008. Can youcomment though, what are you expecting out of the export market to Mexico,Australia, those markets, because they obviously, been very strong, and I thinkhelpful in this sort of North American downturn. So what are your thoughts forthose markets?
Mark Pigott: Well they are, Mexico is at record levels. Australia is atrecord levels this year. The other element I just bring up and doesn'ttypically get too much discussion during these meetings is our aftermarketcustomer support and parts program. This team is doing a really excellent job. I just flew backfrom Budapest where we began the construction of a new distribution center, butthe technology that is going into those facilities and the customer servicesreaching all the way through our dealers out to our customers is probably threeto five years ahead of our competitors in terms of providing absolutelyworld-class service. We benchmarked Wal-Mart. We benchmarked Amazon and othervery good logistic companies and PACCAR comes out looking very, very good. Soas I indicated and we said in the press release, next year we are looking for areturn to more of a normalized U.S. and Canadian market, and couple of thatwith what we estimate to be another very strong market in Europe.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: And Australia and Mexico?
Mark Pigott: Mexico I think will be another strong year. I can't reallysay whether it’s going to be a record or not, but…
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: There is awful lot thought process.
Mark Pigott: The emissions regulation deadline in the middle of the year,which will have some impact, but, as you know, we have 40% to 50% market sharedown there, and we continue to invest. We have a brand-new factory and continueto invest in that new factory. So one of the advantages of the Mexican market is ability toexport duty-free to a number of markets in, well, South America but even intoEurope. So we are taking advantage of that.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: All right, I will get back in queue. Thank you. Thanks alot.
Mark Pigott: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Toomey with E.K. RileyInvestments.
Mark Pigott: Hello, Bob.
Robert Toomey - E.K. Riley Investments: Hi, good morning,. Mark, how are you?.
Mark Pigott: Fine, thanks.
Robert Toomey - E.K. Riley Investments: Good. Congratulations on another great quarter.
Mark Pigott: I appreciate it.
Robert Toomey - E.K. Riley Investments: I have a question. You mentioned in your prepared commentsthat you are seeing 30% productivity gains at the Chillicothe factory and theKenworth expansion. And I’m just wondered, if that outsized improvement, is thata little bit better than you’ve seen in some of your other -- plant upgradesand if so, do you think there is the possibility of seeing even furtherimproved productivity gains over, the kind you have been getting for the lastfew years?
Mark Pigott: Well, obviously, our company very well, and so it's a partof the DNA of PACCAR's continuous improvement Kaizan and that we’ve been doingthat for let's say 102 years. What we’re implementing at many of our facilitiesis along the lines of, sort of, our leadership in Six Sigma and LeanManufacturing but also increasing the capital investment to make specificcapacity and productivity enhancements. Just as an example, Our Leyland facility pioneered and wasthe first in the world to design and implement a robotic chassis paint line.Now robots are not new and chassis lines are not new, but what is new is arobot moving painting a moving line. And that is the first in, anywhere in the automotive worldor commercial vehicle world. We’re now, and we have many patents on that. Weare now implementing that in a number of our facilities around the world. It’sa major capital investment, but a huge improvement in already great quality andinefficiency. So that type of specific investment is being made because ofsome very innovative thinking by many of our teams.
Robert Toomey - E.K. Riley Investments: Okay. Thank you. And the other question I had was, is itpossible -- you talked a little bit earlier about strength in central andEastern Europe, and you are talking positively about the long-term growththere. Can you give us a little more color on either sizing thepotential there or maybe comparing it to Western Europe or North America, sayover the next five years?
Mark Pigott: Sure, that's a great question. Just ballpark sort of, if younormalize the figures and obviously it’s changing, but if five years ago,Central Europe was, let's say, 5,000 to 10,000 new units a year,  we are not talking about used units because that's also a verystrong market for everybody in Europe. But it was 5,000 to 10,000 units. This year we’re sort ofsaying 40,000 to 50,000 units and three to five years out, it could be 90,000to 100,000 units. And if you go out five or ten years, there are some peopleare saying it might be a market as big as Western Europe. Now who knows. We’ll see what happens, but the investmentand the path towards a capitalistic system that many of these countries areembarking on and, of course, they now have very low tax rates. Many of the Central European countries are -- let's call it,15% to 20% tax rates are making attractive for companies to come in and invest.Road buildings are going on. New businesses are there, infrastructuredevelopment. And we’re really not even mentioning turkey, which is thebiggest country that could be in the EU. I am not involved with the politics,but the largest population and the largest landmass outside of Russia. So, for PACCAR, we're really looking at the market let'scall it from the top of Scotland all the way to the Middle East. It's going tobe a very big market. Very exciting.
Robert Toomey - E.K. Riley Investments: And any, any read on what's happening, Mark, in Russia inyour opportunities there?
Mark Pigott: Well, we have sold into Russia for decades. Russia isdeveloping their infrastructure and there is increased demand for new and used.I'd say primarily used but new is increasing. I don't have a figure for you,but it's a landmass larger than United States, and a lot of people there. And,they are making their investments to grow their country.
Robert Toomey - E.K. Riley Investments: Great, thanks very much.
Mark Pigott: You bet. Thanks a lot, Bob.
Robert Toomey - E.K. Riley Investments: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jon Steinmetz with MorganStanley.
Mark Pigott: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jon Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley: Good morning. Thanks. Just a few follow-ups here. Are youable to provide a little bit of a walk on the European year-over-year revenue?Say you're up about $500 million. Are you able to talk about how much wouldhave been currency translation versus volume versus maybe some of the price mixthat drops out after those two are involved?
Mark Pigott: Well, we can talk a little bit about currency. The impact onrevenues from the currency movement quarter-on-quarter was a $116 million.
Jon Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley: Okay. So 3Q…
Mark Pigott: That's all we could really break out for you. But obviouslya lot -- a lot of growth.
Jon Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley: Sure. I mean out of the other 400 or so, was there more of acoming from volume than there was from mix in pricing.
Mark Pigott: I'd say they are pretty equal.
Jon Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley: Okay.
Mark Pigott: Yeah.
Jon Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley: Regarding the U.S. forecast and I guess it's more of anindustry forecast than a PACCAR specific forecast per stay. But when you thinkabout it do you think the second half to be substantially stronger than thefirst half or do you feel like that sort of an equal run rate throughout theyear?
Mark Pigott: Well, I think the second half will probably be a littlelarger than the first half.
Jon Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley: Okay. But it's not some sort of massive hockey stick backup?
Mark Pigott: Well, I can't really comment but we will just have to seehow the general economy does and obviously there is a normalized replacementdemand. I mean there is a lot of freight being hauled as I mentioned in myprepared comments. It might be down 5%, but so let's call it; the freight isthe second best year in United States history. So vehicles are being used andthey have to be replaced. And the good thing is and that we didn't reallymention this was the '07 technology to meet the new emission requirements '07technology to meet the new emission requirements is very well accepted. It'salmost a non-event now. So, I think people are saying, I need a new vehicle,business is good, got to go buy one.
Jon Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley: And lastly, in the finance company, it looked like theprovisions were up a little bit from a pretty low level. But can you talk interms of real time trends that you're seeing any upticks and delinquencies andthat kind of stuff any small carriers that are having problems in theenvironment and sort of in this macro environment perspective.
Mark Pigott: The portfolio continues to perform well. And we're, seeingcontinued strong performance.
Jon Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Any number or anything that you guys…
Mark Pigott: A lot of people making a lot of money.
Jon Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley: I am sorry?
Mark Pigott: I said there is a lot of our customers making who are makinga lot of money.
Jon Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley: Yes, they are. And it there any, I don't know if you guysgive out anything in terms of delinquency type numbers, 30 days or 60 dayspublicly.
Mark Pigott: No, we don't. And as Ron said it's just an excellent financecompany and we have great dealers and great customers, and a good team.
Jon Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you very much. Thanks a lot, appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Casey with WachoviaCapital Markets.
Mark Pigott: Hello, Andrew.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets: Good morning.
Mark Pigott: Good morning.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets: I kind of feel like the Stanford band guy after…
Mark Pigott: This is me after they beat USC, we hope.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets: Yeah. I am going back a few more years.
Mark Pigott: I know you are. I know you are.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets: Anyways, if we could go back to kind of the Europeanquestion, and congratulations on that performance. 
Mark Pigott: Thank you very much.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets: The sequential, I realize that you guys have kind of changedthrough the years and mitigated some of the, typical European vacationschedules.
Mark Pigott: Yes, that's correct.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets: Back to kind of Peter's questions and then the one that justcame from Mr. Steinmetz, the year-over-year comp in Q3 '06, was there anythingat all odd about that given the October emission standard over there?
Mark Pigott: Are you talking about for DAF?
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets: Yes.
Mark Pigott: Help me out with the question a little bit more.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets: A lot of us are trying to figure out really how you pulledthis off given in North America.
Mark Pigott: Oh, I see, okay. Well, do you have a minute?
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets: Sure.
Mark Pigott: Okay. First of all, I think the press release handled it ina very professional manner. What I think, many of the U.S. analysts and wewelcome you to tour our facilities in Europe and talk with the teams overthere. I think you would enjoy it and be very, very impressed. But we have owned DAF for a 11 great years and we have aterrific team there, we’re very proud of them. What they have been able to dois amazing and I am the first to admit it. They are the only manufacturer thatevery model has been Truck of the Year. They have established the best range of product from A to Z.Nobody else is close. They have increased their quality. They are the qualityleader. They are the low-cost operational cost for our customers. They are thehighest resale value. They are the innovation and technology leader, they arethe first to meet all the new emission requirements either a year or two yearsahead. They are the most productive, most efficient manufacturer.They have the best back up, they have the best finance. Now they have the bestleasing, they have the best aftermarket. And it all sounds like, I am sure youare thinking, okay, fine, but everybody says that, but if you go there and goto Europe, you will find everybody saying that about DAF. And so with the, first of all, two things, in Europe, anumber the governments have a more proactive strategy that they encouragecustomers to purchase new technology by giving them some sort of incentive,maybe a tax break, maybe a mileage benefit, whatever it is. And so that tendsto level the demand curve, not the what we see in the U.S. more of a stepfunction. So that's one thing. Two, with the new emission requirementsfrom a year ago, which you accurately have indicated, DAF introduced not justan engine that met them. They introduced an entire new range product. And thatnew range of product the XF105, which won the Truck of the Year, newpowertrain, basically has taken the industry by storm. It’s the number onevehicle in Europe hands down. So sort of long answer to it, but very good question. ButDAF has done is taken advantage of some legislative requirements and said let'scome out with a brand-new product and the customers have responded verypositively saying not only does it meet the new emission requirement, but it’sa brand-new vehicle that is going to make me as a customer a lot of money. Howis that?
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets: That works. Thank you very much.
Mark Pigott: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Bleustein with UBS.
Mark Pigott: Good morning, David.
David Bleustein - UBS: Good morning. Quick question. You mentioned that the 2007emissions changeover ended up being almost a nonevent in the minds of customers. With that as itis, do you expect that to dampen the pre-buy in ’09 and downdraft in 2010relative to '06, '07?
Mark Pigott: That’s an excellent question and I think it’s a perceptivequestion that may get factored in. There are still discussions with the EPA andhow it’s going to be handled, but, you know and you’ve been in the industry fora while. You know every three, four, five years, we have a newlegislative requirement of some sort. It just happens to be on emissions inrecent 10 or 15 years. I think customers are increasingly very sophisticated. They understand and their business is very strong, by theway. They recognize that if that's their business, new technology is going tocome along and they work very closely with PACCAR and our dealers, and I think they are understanding that,let's get on with it, and maybe just have a normal purchasing cycle year in andyear out.
David Bleustein - UBS: Fair enough. And then, what are your preliminary thoughts onthe pervasive technology for 2010?
Mark Pigott: I really can't comment. We're ready with a host oftechnologies to deliver our customers the best products in the world. So thatis still an ongoing discussion as you’ve indicated.
David Bleustein - UBS: Fair enough. Thanks a bunch.
Mark Pigott: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Nesvold with BearStearns.
Peter Nesvold - Bear Sterns: Hi, Mark.
Mark Pigott: Hi, Peter.
Peter Nesvold - Bear Sterns: May I have as a follow-up on that last question. You use SCRright now in Europe on DAF engines?
Mark Pigott: Yes, we do.
Peter Nesvold - Bear Sterns: And so, if I were to just use as a working assumption. Youuse SCR , the end of using SCR in the '09 engines or 2010 engines here tobuilding capacity for '09. Does it make sense to support three differenttechnologies? I mean, at what point does the added complexity ofsupporting different manufacturers start to erode your ability to maximize fueleconomy and other factors?
Mark Pigott: Well, one of the wonderful strengths of PACCAR, and as youknow there are many, is to offer our customers a selection, and that results ina premium product and a very, very happy customer which is really our ultimategoal. So it's an excellent question. And it is one that we discussed for 102years. And we are committed to making sure that our customer have an optionand, you know, that's -- that's kind of the way we are looking at that time.
Peter Nesvold - Bear Sterns: All right. Okay, thanks, Mark
Mark Pigott: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Volkmann with JPMorgan.
Mark Pigott: Good morning Steve.
Steven Volkmann - JP Morgan: Good morning, guys. Just a couple of quick follow-ups Iguess. On your market share plans for Europe, have those changed or beenincreased at all given what is going on over there?
Mark Pigott: No, in fact on the second page of our press release, thereis a comment from ad, our President, that the goal is to achieve 20% and overfor DAF.
Steven Volkmann - JP Morgan: Okay. Fair enough. Any comments on the share repurchasesgoing forward?
Mark Pigott: No. I think we covered the share repurchases in the preparedpress release, and we are just, I would publicly go on record saying we got thegreatest shareholders in the world and they are fantastic.
Steven Volkmann - JP Morgan: Okay, great. And then you talked a little bit about the '07change having been sort of turned into kind of a non-issue and gotten past ushere, and there have been pretty significant market share values among yoursuppliers. Are you seeing availability of the '07 engines in the U.S.Has that eased up. In other words, people can get whatever they want but theyare really voting with their dollars with respect to the different engines outthere now. Is that accurate?
Ron Armstrong: I can't really comment. All I know is we build whatever ourcustomers want.
Steven Volkmann - JP Morgan: Okay. But your not having any trouble getting engines fromany of your suppliers?
Ron Armstrong: You know it's an everyday program. And if the customer wantsX, Y and Z, we are going to work hard to get it for them.
Steven Volkmann - JP Morgan: Okay. Thanks. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Denovo Santiago with MasswayCapital (ph).
Ron Armstrong: Good morning
Denovo Santiago - Massway Capital: Hi, good morning. The growth rate that you have in Europelooks like those are peak numbers or maybe above their replacement rate. Whatis the typical replacement rate for those markets?
Mark Pigott: You are talking about the truck rate?
Denovo Santiago - Massway Capital: Yeah. You are saying that, you know, this year you areexpecting 300 and…
Mark Pigott: I see, okay. Well, to what, of course, now what we areincluding is the Central and Eastern European, so I think if you back that out,and I think as we talked a little bit earlier, we are seeing significant growthin the Central and European market. The western European markets are also at very strong levels.So, I think that maybe what is slightly confusing.
Denovo Santiago - Massway Capital: Just kind of those numbers I can't compare with the numberthat use to relieve a few years ago.
Mark Pigott: That is correct.
Denovo Santiago - Massway Capital: But how?
Mark Pigott: You are correct, right. We have now expanded it to includethe 27 EU countries.
Denovo Santiago - Massway Capital: And how much more truck on average do you think this impliesin that number?
Mark Pigott: Well, I am not sure which ones you are looking at from a fewyears ago but in '04. If you look at central, Eastern, and let's say that's40,000 units to 50,000 units. Then the remainder would be Western Europe.
Denovo Santiago - Massway Capital: Okay. So -- so the question still remains. Do you thinkthose numbers -- when you include overall, they are on the -- countries thatyou sell to, do you think you are above, below, on average of the replacementrate? Where are you.
Mark Pigott: Oh, I see. Well I think at this time there is very stronggrowth and many new economies coming into the equation. So I am not sure whatthe replacement rate was going to be at this time, because we haven't hit let'scall it a normalized replacement cycle yet. Everybody in central Eastern arebuilding up.
Denovo Santiago - Massway Capital: So, do you think it is hard to know right now?
Mark Pigott: I think it is going to take a few years for it to reallyestablish itself in terms of what is the replacement rate.
Denovo Santiago - Massway Capital: In your comment early about on pricing in the U.S. if it ischanging for, if you take one typical unit that you sold a year ago or twoyears ago and compare with the pricing that you are getting now, where are youat this point?
Mark Pigott: We don't typically comment on that.
Denovo Santiago - Massway Capital: Can you just like directionally?
Mark Pigott: No, we can't do that either.
Denovo Santiago - Massway Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Mark Pigott: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Garrett Stevens with GiovineCapital.
Garrett Stevens - Giovine Capital: Yes Hi. Thanks.
Mark Pigott: Good morning Garrett.
Garrett Stevens - Giovine Capital: Thanks. Good morning, Mark. Can you give us an update on theclean power technology, your auxiliary power unit, whether that will be workedinto the production line yet or still on aftermarket option and what theadoption rates are?
Mark Pigott: Yes. It’s still a very exciting project. I appreciate youbringing it up. And it’s really met with great industry response, but it’sstill early days and let's call it pre-production cycle.
Garrett Stevens - Giovine Capital: So, it is not currently in the production line yet?
Mark Pigott: It is, but on a very limited basis.
Garrett Stevens - Giovine Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Mark Pigott: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Glass with BirchwayCapital.
Mark Pigott: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Glass - Birchway Capital: Good morning. Congratulations on great quarter.
Mark Pigott: Thank you very much.
Jeff Glass - Birchway Capital: I think you had commented that you are gaining market sharein the class 8 segment in North America. 
Mark Pigott: That's correct.
Jeff Glass - Birchway Capital: And I was wondering if you were able to comment on which ofyour competitors you might be gaining that share from?
Mark Pigott: You probably have those figures even better than I have, wejust want to make sure that we’ve got the most satisfied customers in theindustry.
Jeff Glass - Birchway Capital: Okay. Thanks very much.
Mark Pigott: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Jeff Glass - Birchway Capital: Yes, bye.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Mark Pigott: No, thank you, operator.
Mark Pigott: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earningsconference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.
